 I have one of these on each spray nozzle that I own so it is easy to change nozzles in a few seconds by popping one off and another on . If a rubber washer is used , there is no leaking from this connector . It is extremely easy to use . I also recommend a piece of teflon tape around the threaded areas to prevent a corrosion / chemical reaction and fusion when the different metals touch water and each other.There are two kinds of these connectors by Gilmour . The real brass connectors are excellent and get a 5 star . The `` metal '' connectors are horrible and get a 1 star . I did get some from Lowes , and there seems to be a problem with corrosion since they are `` metal '' -LRB- aluminum -RRB- and not brass . The problem here is over a small amount of time -LRB- months -RRB- , water hardness deposits and corrosion prevent the connector from locking into place with the female . The smoothness of operation that it started out with , becomes rough , and a struggle over time . STAY AWAY FROM THE `` METAL '' ONES AND ONLY GO WITH THE TRUE BRASS ONES !!! I found an interchangeable solid brass connector like this at Ace HardwareACE BRASS QUICK CONNECTOR SET , also made by Gilmour that even has an automatic shutoff built in ! I also give that one a 5 star rating because you do not even have to shut off the hose to change between nozzles . You can use regular Gilmour males with Ace Hardware females interchangeably . If you are going to fill buckets , I recommend this regular Gilmour brass connector , as opposed to that one , since that has the automatic shutoff feature which wo n't let you fill the bucket without a spray nozzle .
 The Gilmour 9QC Brass Hose Quick Connector Set works great . I have several sets of them , and they all perform flawlessly . They are quick and easy to install , and not one of them leaks , even though I hand tighten them only . They make it very quick and simple to connect/disconnect a garden hose or other attachments . The Gilmour 9QC Brass Hose Quick Connector Set is one of the most useful garden hose accessories I have fond so far.To make the disconnect easier , always relieve the water pressure first . After turning the hose off , I give the nozzle lever a squeeze . No water has ever come out of the nozzle , but it does make it easier to pull back on the release ring.Gilmour 9QC Brass Hose Quick Connector Set
 i was skeptical about these , but i tried them anyway . glad i did.i was worried that they may affect the water pressure somehow , and my worries were unfounded . these things are great . i 'm using them for everything.the only problem is that you will realize how many of them you actually need , and you 'll buy a lot of them.FYI , i was able to pick up the male + female connector set at lowe 's for around $ 6 -LRB- HD does n't carry this brand -RRB- . you may want to check there first before ordering here . but as far as the product itself goes , it 's top notch .
 very good product . Best I have found for quick disconnect . Engineering and manufacturing donenicely .
 I have about 5 sets of these for each hose at my house as well as my Gilmour foam gun , AR pressure washer , CR Spotless , and a couple of hose nozzles . The brass is strong , the mechanics are crisp , and the rubber gives excellent impact protection . The only thing you will be replacing from this equation is the o-rings every year or so , depending on use . This set will make your life a whole lot easier , and no more struggling in trying to loosen or tighten the hose from the house .
 It never occurred to me that something so simple would make such a big difference in the ease of lawn maintenance . Breaking down my sprinklers used to be my favorite excuse to not mow the lawn or wash the car , but these make it so much easier . I got one for every fitting I use ; sprinklers , spray nozzles , water toys , soaker hoses , there 's nothing these do n't make much easier to relocate and manage.No leaks , real brass , easy to use = No complaints .
 Much better quality than `` box store '' items . We have a number of different brands and this is absolutely the best . Even the washer and the rubber grips are of a better quality . Good price . Excellent quality . Fast shipping . As advertised . Worked as expected . Also , this style has no automatic shutoff valve which we prefer and makes it easier to drain hoses .
 I had the Plastic connectors but they do n't last that is why i changed to these . Lowe 's and Home Depot only had the ones with the built in shut off and i wanted one that did n't . This was the only place that had them , price was good and they work great . Do n't waste your time with the plastic one , just pay the little extra and buy these because they will last .
 Product works fine but be careful if you buy it from Lowe 's ; they recently changed from brass to `` Metal . '' The weight is 20 % less and I did not buy them . Pay the shipping and get the brass . Got 12 sets from Geroy and the price was only $ 88.16 , including shipping . Well worth it .
 I 'll keep it short and sweet as it 's a quick-connector set.If you 're not familiar with Gilmour , they make high-end , professional , industrial type fittings , hoses , farming and garden equipment . These quick connector adaptors are no exception . They are heavy duty , crush resistant -LRB- proof ? -RRB- , and have rubberized surfaces to assist in tightening the connection . High quality o-rings and solid brass ball-bearings provide for a leak-free quick-connection . Save yourself the shipping -LRB- or price `` surcharge '' by Amazon -RRB- and pick this one up at Lowes locally for under $ 6 . Beware , these are BRASS fittings , so there is always a lead hazard associated with them . Please , DO NOT DRINK from your garden hose !
 Excellent quality connector set ! Aside from being all brass and made to last , these Gilmour connectors ended up my choice because of the black rubber around the exterior . Although they are described to help with gripping -LRB- they do -RRB- , I like them because they also protect the connector when you reel your hose in as well as protect the floor . I have a hose outlet located in the interior of my garage , where I also have the rapid reel set up . The floor is epoxy coated so I do not worry about the brass connectors scratching and or chipping the paint when I reel my hose back in .
 This Gilmour brass quick connector is made in China . As with other Gilmour products it has a warning that it contains a chemical known by the state of California to cause cancer . That is nothing new about China using dangerous chemicals . On the good news side the parts of the connector that are handled have a rubber cover which hopefully is safe.I have been using the plastic quick connectors and they have worked well but I just wanted to see how a brass one would perform . The main difference that I have noticed is that the plastic ones are easier to connect and disconnect . However , both types provide satisfactory performance and do not leak . The main difference is that the plastic Gardena connectors that I have been using cost about half the amount of the brass Gilmour . The Gardena connectors are made in Germany .
 Absolutely necessary in the winter when you need to use hoses daily and drain them daily to prevent freezing . Saves a lot of time .
 great product . make sure you buy enough male adapters for your other nozzles , sprayers , etc. to save on shipping costs .
 I have so many hoses and sprinkling devices that I could not possibly be without these . The brass ones have lasted a very long time and are my preferred choice . Now that Gilmour has added a rubber piece around them , they are even better.MBC
 I purchased one of these for each of our hose hook-ups at the suggestion of my `` handy-man '' dad . He was impressed with the quality , ease of installation , and ease of use . So was I !! These are so user-friendly , and will help my professional grade hoses as the weather starts to fluctuate below freezing at times . -LRB- I bought some for my dad too !! -RRB-
 Chunk those cheap plastic connectors and save tempers . I could have used several sets of these years ago ; however , today one is sufficient for present needs . I use teflon tape to assure 100 % drip-less action and now can disconnect our hose with ease and speed . Gilmour makes life so much simpler when all parts work well and last far longer than the plastic ones . Additionally , this connector set is a no issue set . Put it on the bib and forget about it . When winter comes it will stay in place and be ready for use in the spring . I highly recommend and will buy another as soon as I get a new connector elsewhere .
 I am using this connector to connect a 6 foot hose that runs from the outside spigot to the edge of a flower bed to the connecting hose on my portable hose reel . My goal was to be able to keep my reel in the garage and just carry it out and easily connect it to the water source when needed . I 've had it for a little over a month and have used it just about every other day since we are in a drought . It has performed perfectly and continues to do so . There is no wear and tear at this point and it connects and disconnects easily .
 Ordered 5 , billed for 5 , but only received 4 in the package ; Otherwise , Package arrived promptly though . Also , only 2 of the items were attached to the cardboard packaging while the other 2 were just loose in the box . There were 5 cardboard package cards in the box but only 4 complete sets of the item ordered . A little quality control issue it appears .
 Gilmour comes through again . These are the best hose connectors I have ever used and I have used quite a few . While the initial price seems spendy , it will be a long time before they need replacement . And , the black collar is a most helpful bonus . Gilmour replaced a hose for me recently -LRB- leaked at fitting -RRB- with no problems at all . I 'm a fan of their reliable products .
 This is a car enthusiast dream come true . When it comes to cleaning my truck I have different attachments that I use during the wash -LRB- foam blaster , extension washer , and a spray nozzle -RRB- . having this product with the addition of a shutoff valve made by the same company makes it so easy to go from one attachment to the other . Oh and did I mention there are no leaks ! Great product , must have , and highly recommended .
 I have found these connectors to be a very good product that works very well . It comes in two parts - the female connector , which is screwed to the male end of the hose , and the male connector , which is screwed to a nozzle or sprinkler -LRB- or other hose accessory -RRB- . They snap together easily and work just fine.Be aware though that they are designed to be hand tightened ONLY . In fact , they feature round rubber grips at the ends that can only be tightened by hand . The grips are not very secure to grip and slip if you try to tighten them well . If you tighten them with pliers they WILL leak . Nevertheless , in practice , I found that if they are hand tightened they work just fine.I especially like the female connector because when screwed on to the male hose end it protects the male threads that would otherwise be exposed . If and when I ever drop that end of the hose there is no possibility of the male end of the hose being damaged because the female connector covers the male threads.Also , the rubber grips help to protect any object or surface it might accidently come into contact with -LRB- e.g. , the body of a car -RRB- . I also like the fact that they do NOT have an auto shut off feature . Some others on the market , such as the Orbits I found at Home Depot , have this feature incorporated into the female connectors . I did not want the auto shut off feature because I prefer to keep everything fully open when I am finished to completely drain off any water that is present anywhere.My only substantive criticism of this set is that they work best at the hose/nozzle end and not at the spigot/hose cock end . Why ? Because if you use them at the hose cock end then the male connector would have to be screwed into the hose end . The problem , as I see it , is that when the hose is disconnected a bare metal male connector is exposed and this could scratch or bang against other objects and surfaces if you ever let go of the end of the hose , such as when you are coiling the hose up . However all the brass hose connector sets on the market seem to have this characteristic.My solution was to buy a separate Gilmour plastic connector set that works the other way around - male screwed to the spigot and female to the hose end - to avoid the possibility of the exposed male end being damaged.The bottom line is that I have had no problems with the brass Gilmour hose connector set whatsoever and I highly recommend them -LRB- with the caveats mentioned above -RRB- . P.S. I have bought additional single male connectors -LRB- # 09QCMGF -RRB- , which are sold separately , to screw into various hose nozzles . Curiously the male connectors sold separately are slightly darker and much heavier then the male connector that comes with the set . Perhaps they are solid brass and the lighter one that comes with the set is brass plated only . Either one works just fine though .
 I have tried just about ever quick connect on the market . Up until now I have hated them all . They have all been just junk , leaky , hard to use , flimsy . Once I hooked these up there are no leaks . They feel very sturdy and I believe they will last a long time . I just started using them about a week ago so I can tell you how they will be as time goes on . They seem super strong so I am encouraged that they will last a long time . I do not think I will ever purchase a different type .
 I bought two sets -LRB- and one additional attachment adaptor - `` male '' -RRB- for my mom 's 70th birthday . Twisting and tightening hose attachments was becoming too hard on her hands and made her frustrated . This product has made switching between hose attachments do-able , again . After testing the connector sets at my own home , I bought two more sets and three additional attachment adaptors for myself . I figured why add wear and tear on my hands .
 Gilmour makes the best quick disconnect product on the market . I have used several other brands , but none match Gilmour . The rubber grips are a plus . Amazon has an excellent price . My local hardware store price is twice as much as Amazon . I would recommend Gilmour over any other brand .
 I 'm not a fan of plastic parts , especially for a valves and connectors . I 'm very happy finding a model made from brass . The rubber that is on this model gives you a little extra grip to make the connection , and also protects the brass from banging on hard ground . Easy to use , no leaks . Very happy with it .
 WHAT CAN I SAY , I INSTALLED THEM AND THEY WORKED GREAT . MUCH BETTER THAN TAKING THEM ON AND OFF THE HOSE EVERY TIME . THANKS
 Got tired of taking / unscrewing and screwing hoses on our outlets . I 'd messed up a couple of hose ends because the threads got crossed , so decided to try the quick-connects . These save me a ton of time when I need to move a hose or change where I need water , and I 've not had to replace one hose end since I started using them . My only complaint is that I 've had a couple that do n't form a tight seal and I get a few drips of water when I turn the hydrant on , but it 's not enough to cause a problem . Also , you 've got to be sure you get the connection tight and locked or you 'll get a bath , but in 100 + degree weather , that 's not such a bad thing .
 The product feels really solid . I hooked it up and there are no leaks at all . It is so easy to remove the hose nozzle now without disrupting the rubber washer .
 Solid connections , do not leak and should last a lifetime . I have several of these in use throughout my property .
 I really like this product . The light has a thin profile and provides a very bright light . I have 6 lights under my cabinets and love the brightness . They can not be seen upclose or from a distance . I had one bulb burned out and it was so easy to replace .
 The main reason why I purchased this is b/c it is a complete set -- valve and trim pieces . Overall quality of the product is good . We ordered oil rubbed bronze , but the first set we received had more of a gunmetal gray color . We call Price Pfister and they sent us another set of trim pieces that were the right color . Although I would have preferred not to have an issue , I did receive great customer service on their part . Also , the valve cover in the first set of trim pieces we received had dent in it . I recommend thoroughly inspecting the contents of the package after delivery . The plumber did n't have any issues on installation . Pressure from the shower head is good . The `` jets '' are made of rubber and not plastic , so it should be easier to clean and be more resistant to hard water build up . The shower head itself is plastic and not metal . The tub spout is metal.Overall , I would purchase this again .
 I bought these to replace lights that sit on brick parapets at my driveway entrance . They are very sturdy and much less expensive than the many alternatives on the market . They are inexpensive and simple to install . The glass is crystal clear . I highly recommend .
 We replaced all 6 of our brass-n-glass 80 's style with these and they fit perfectly and came well packed and no missing/damaged parts . The metal is not super thick but not flimsy either . They through the light well and very little obstruction to our 60 watt bulbs.Very easy 2-nut top removal for bulb replacement . Would recommend to friends/family .
 Jig saw blades can be expensive when you buy them in the small packages . Lenox makes great blades affordable by offering them in a 30 pack size with assorted types . Check out their reciprocating saw blades too .
 30 PACK MEANS EVEN WHEN THE BLADE GETS A LITTLE DULL -- JUST TOSS IT .
 For general purpose blades , you ca n't go wrong with this set . Lenox quality at an affordable price .
 I purchased a couple of these and plan getting a few more to replace and augment someolder ones that look identical . I have installed some LED lamps in these , and although the product description does n't currently mention using LEDs , so far , sogood . Only hitch was that the LED bulbs are a bit deeper than standard MR-16 's , soI had to clip of the strain relief on the cord . Then , the LED lamp fit OK as longas I left off the UV glass -LRB- which is unnecessary on an LED lamp anyway -RRB- . Was also happy with the price - good deal!FYI , I used these in a non-dimming application so I ca n't say whether or notthey will work with LEDs in such applications .
 We are very happy with the product . It arrived quickly , was very well made and contained everything we needed . Both out contractor and plumber commented on what a good quality system it was .
 This light was the perfect fit for the under the shelf lighting need we had . Nice soft glow spreads across the working area below the light . Easy to install . Would recommend this product to anyone .
 I live in on base military housing and my kitchen could use more light . I am definitely pleased with this product ! Easy on/off switch , fairly priced , produces plenty of light for my counter area where I do most of my chopping . No complaints .
 Not too much to write . If you are looking for a small plugin florescent lamp , go with this one . no real complaints . Not a 5 star because I was n't `` wow-d '' .
 I bought this light to go under a shelf in my storage room . The full size florescent lights needed a ballast . This was a far faster and cheaper way to get light on my table . I would recommend .
 When I selected this product from Amazon , the visual display was small and I thought the fixture was larger than it turned out to be.I thought it had 2 tubes rather than one.The fixture it replaced had 2 tubes.It was very easy to install with 2 provided screws and produces more light than expected . The on-off switch is very smooth and the light is instant on , without flickering.The price was reasonable and I am totally satisfied with the purchase.My wife loves it and uses it more often than she used the fixture it replaced .
 I just finished installing my Good Earth 12.5-inch long fluorescent light fixture in the garage and it works beautifully . You should know this is not some big light fixture that you might hang in the middle of the garage , but a smaller fixture you will want to affix under a cabinet . That 's what I did and it is very inconspicuous and provides the perfect bench lighting I need at my work bench.I will say , getting the packaging off the fixture was a bit of an adventure . Especially with my clumsy big hands . The directions for getting the little cardboard sheath off the lightbulb are pretty ambiguous . You have to somehow pry the plastic light cover away from the metal housing to get to the sheath and then hope to God you do n't snap something while doing it . Just be very careful getting it apart and you 'll be alright.As I said , the product itself works great .
 Purchased this product to put under hutch shelving of my daughters desk . Installation was easy and works as advertised . Good purchase .
 Works very good as expected . Good for reading . Light is too white , a warmer tube would have been nice .
 This tool box is exactly what I wanted . A box to carry just the tools I need for the job , from my workshop , without hauling the entire tool chest out . Not the most heavy duty box , but adequate for what I need . I am happy with the purchase .
 This is a very simple sprinkler . You control it by increase or decrease water pressure by how wide you open the spigot of water to which the hose is attached . How much of the area is covered depends on how strong your water pressure is at its max . The biggest area I can get is about 10 feet square . And , of course , anything less is obtained by just by turning down the water flow.This sprinkler works well for spot watering . I have two small areas in the front lawn that I need to water , so I move the sprinkler a few times to get the entire area covered.Since it has no moving parts this is going to outlast all my other rotation and oscillating sprinklers that I use in the back yard . The only down side of this sprinkler that it is very light , so if the hose does not want to lay flat -LRB- which is often the case -RRB- this sprinkler will not stay flat , it can not fight what the hose wants to do . There is a little loop of metal at the very tip which can be used to pin the sprinkler to the ground . If you push a nail through the hole and into the ground at a slight angle it will provide some resistance to the twist from the hose.I bought a square and circle of this sprinkler . Frankly , it appears to me that they water the same shape , mostly controlled by how the wind blows . I am attaching a photo of this sprinkler next to a pen , so you can see the relative size of it.This is a good economical solution for a small area .
 This is the perfect shape for my smallish , rectangular vegetable garden . No controls or moving parts so this should last just about forever . Just adjust water flow/pressure to make the coverage area larger or smaller.To those reviewers who said it was too light to stay in place I have a simple solution . Take a wire coat hanger and cut the straight portion to about six inches in length ; this can usually be done with a pair of pliers . 1 '' or 1 1/2 '' from one end use the pliers to bend the wire to a 90 degree angle making a handle of sorts . Use the `` handle '' to push the wire through the little hole -LRB- opposite of where the hose connects to the sprinkler -RRB- and down into the ground thereby stabilizing the sprinkler . When you 're finished watering simply pull up on the `` handle '' removing the wire and you 're sprinkler is ready to be used in another location . Hope this helps those who thought it was too light to stay on the ground .
 You increase of decrease the size of the rectangle that it covers by adjusting the water pressure/force . Good idea for those people with a rectangular yard .
 I bought this sprayer to wash dirt and salt off the underside of my car , using a couple of lengths of PVC pipe joined with 45 degree fittings and various hose connectors . I connect a hose to the end of the piping , and while standing up beside the car , shove the sprayer back and forth under the car , sliding its little cast feet on the asphalt . The spray extended out to the sides , wh rows of holes with dots of epoxy .
 I just purchased and used mine for the first time.I am so far happy with this mower.I am writing this to help potential others with the setup . As they say a smart man learns from his mistakes , a genius learns from the mistakes of others . So let me help you become a genius.The worst part of this mower is the setup . After I have done my backyard , still have my front to do . I have found a potentially easier way to do this.First off I agree that the line should be slightly buried . Here is what I suggest to do this quickly and less painful .1 -RRB- Rent/borrow/steal a lawn line edger . -LRB- Kidding about the stealing -RRB- 2 -RRB- Mark your lines in the yard for the perimeter with spray paint , or maybe a chalk line .3 -RRB- Run the edger over the lines , to make a nice 2-3 '' deep cut in the lawn .4 -RRB- Place the copper wire in the line , staking it every 5 to 10 ' or so . I 'd use a few more on places with a lot of turns . -LRB- This should save money on stakes , especially if you have a big yard . -RRB- . -LRB- I have had to purchase more , b/c I did n't start out using this method , but I will for sure on the front yard -RRB- .5 -RRB- Step on the lawn where you placed the wire , so as to smoosh the lawn back together .6 -RRB- Hook up the perimeter device and you are off and running .7 -RRB- Grab a beer and watch it go!Update
 I bought the RoboMower 850 several months ago , and I could n't be more pleased with its performance . I have a really huge yard , which I divided into 3 zones , and the RoboMower does a great job . I am having a great time gardening while it mows the lawn , and chatting with curious folks who stop to ask about it . The green perimeter wire , which is staked at ground level , is easily adjusted to accomodate new flower beds , trees , and shrubs . The 850 model still has its `` voice '' and the sound effects , tunes , and speech are a hoot .
 I bought an RL800 from Amazon in 2003 , and it is still running . I would not have any other kind of mower . But , you have to know the product.There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that a robotic battery mower is the best solution to lawnmowing . First , no gas is involved . I do n't have to store gasoline as a potential bomb , and I do n't have to worry about a mower that is going to decide not to start . I do n't have to take it in to have it serviced . And , I am not polluting the neighborhood with exhaust fumes or noise.Even better , mowing is automatic . All I do is get it going and it cuts the lawn without my help . When it is a humid 80 degrees or better out , the lawn gets cut because the mower does n't care.I have had one repair in the past 8 years , and I had to do this myself . The rear height adjuster , which is made of plastic , broke . I had to take the top off of the mower and bolt a bronze strap across it . But it works.The major complaint I have with it is cost . I bought this for about $ 500 initially . The equivalent RL850 is now over $ 1500 , which I find outrageous . The blades are over $ 50 now , which I can tolerate . Changing them is super-easy . But the battery , which used to be under $ 100 , is now $ 250 . So , I am now rebuilding my own for less than half that cost.And , having two batteries is a necessity to me . I have 3 yards to cut , and I could never get it done in a reasonable time if I had to wait to charge the battery before continuing.So , being handy helps if you own one of these . But , that 's also true for a gas mower.I wish there were more competition in this arena . You can get a crappy gas mower dirt cheap now , and it works pretty good . For a robotic mower , you have to want to really have one to swallow the cost .
 What can you say about Friendly Robotics but `` WOW '' and keep up the good work . I ca n't wait for your next product . Your mower has saved me so much time and effort and it makes my grass healthier . What more could you ask for ?!!! Thank you
 Having been using it for a month so far , I have no complaints about this mower . It just works beautifully ! I encountered no problem when following the DVD instruction to set up the perimeter wires . All my friends who have seen it in action were wow ` ed too . My 21-month-old son also keeps asking me to get `` Rob '' out.One caveat
 I 've had the robomower for a few months now . Laying the wire was the hard part ; I had to get additional wire and stakes and was sore for a couple of days from all the kneeling and standing -- if I had to do it over again I would come up with some means of placing and pounding the stakes from a standing position . The first few times I ran it in my front yard it was a big attention getter , with neighbors and passersby stopping to watch and ask about it , and some kid even offered to buy it from me -LRB- I referred him to Amazon -RRB- . Understand though , it is not perfect , and you likely wo n't be able to throw away your regular mower . It takes a LONG time -LRB- 2 + hours -RRB- to mow a section of lawn , and it does n't handle long narrow sections like the sides of the house or areas behind obstacles very well -LRB- it 's really not very smart -RRB- . I have given up on having it mow my front and side lawns as not worth the time it takes , so I let it go in the -LRB- large -RRB- back yard for a couple of hours , then get out the manual mower and quickly do the front and sides with it , plus the necessary trim in the backyard in areas where it has trouble -LRB- I have a lot of obstacles - trees , flower and vegetable gardens , pond -RRB- . Overall I am pretty happy with it , as it saves me from the really heavy work on those hot summer days , and I barely break a sweat on what 's left . I have only had one problem which required a call to customer support -LRB- it was n't charging properly -RRB- , and the response was prompt and helpful , even if it did presume that I owned a voltmeter and knew how to use it , and the mower was back to work a few days later . Oh yeah , it does n't handle wet ground well , even if the grass is dry , so bear that in mind ; I 've seen it wedge itself against a tree root and just sit their spinning its wheels obliviously , until I freed it . In my fenced back yard I can let it roam relatively unsupervised , with the exception of an occasional check to free it from some minor problem or other -LRB- sometimes it gets confused and calls for help -RRB- . One issue - as a software developer with some relevant expertise , I am a bit irked at being unable to modify the mower 's embedded software , as I have little doubt that I could vastly improve its performance - an inquiry to this effect to the company has gone unanswered . While I can appreciate their presumed liability concerns , it would be to their benefit to mobilize the user community to develop and improve upon it - this sort of thing has been a big boon to the iRobot .
 this is a great machine . the art is in laying the wire . it is a great product . i have had mine over two years . it works like the they say . it mows excellent . i love to watch the neighbors push their lawn mower , and put expensive gas into their lawn mower . i sit on the deck an watch it go . the support center in louisville , ky is excellent . i have been there and seen it . the man , Tyler knows the machines . if there is a problem , his staff of , polite , young automaited technicians , will fix your machine . this the machine to buy , with super support.Robert WestIndianapolis , IN
 EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE . MUCH BETTER MOWER THAN THE FIRST ONE DEVELOPED.ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT IT TAKES TOO LONG TO RECEIVE SPARE BATTERY PACK . ORDERED IN APRIL , RECEIVED IN JULY . THIS REALLY NEEDS TO BE IMPROVED.LINDA ROBINSONSEMINOLE , TEXAS
 Update
 The Robomower is the best product I have ever used . I never mow my lawn ! My Robomower 's mow my lawn for me . This product works . I have an RL 1000 and and RL 800 . I have used this product for 5 years . I have had zero problems with either the RL 1000 or the RL 800 . I have one mower do my front lawn and the other do the back.I strongly suggest thsi product . I live in Alabama !
 Love it.I bought this mower at the start of last summer , calculating that if it lasted a year and a half or more , I 'd break even on what I was paying a lawn service to mow my yard.I have an fairly uneven yard , with some steep parts . Set to the highest mow , robomower easily navigates the rough spots , and manages the slopes well . Robomower takes a lot longer to mow a lawn than it would take you to do it manually , but since you are off doing something else , and robomower can work in the dark , that does n't matter at all.Be prepared to experiment with the perimeter wire . I found dividing my front , side , and back yard into three zones was the best choice for me . Do the final complete pegging after you 've run the mower a few times and know the wire is in the right place . If you have multiple zones and live in a part of the country where mowing days are limited by frequent rain , get an extra battery and/or the fast charger , so you can mow more than one zone per day when you get the chance.The mowing pattern is not up and down in lines , but in angled criss-crossing , leaving lots of gaps at first , so you wo n't see a clean mow until it 's done . But when it is , the cut is very nice
 I ordered two in June -LRB- one for me and one for my dad for fathers day -RRB- and we both love them they work tirelessly and do a great job . Now if only they would come out with a robot weed eater/edger . Also , I ordered another for my neighbor for her birthday and they sent the wrong one so , I returned it am awaiting an exchange for the right one . Is it going to come or do I have to re-order ?
 First off let me say I 've seen a mix of reviews . Most of them have been positive , but a few negative ones as well.I will discuss the negative points fully since they should be mentioned , but they are far outweighed by all of the positive things I can say about this mower , which is why I have given it four stars . I would , and should give it five stars , but I want people to know how I honestly feel and I want them to read the negative points so they can decide if this is best for them.The subjects I will cover are setup , use , upkeep , quality , and price.Setup -LRB- Three stars -RRB-
 I purchased an 850 about three months ago . My thumbnail review
 My paid lawn care service bailed out on me and left me high and dry with no mower and a lawn that was beginning to look like a hayfield . I added up the money I paid others to mow my lawn last year , and decided that if the Robomower worked , and lasted 1-1/2 years , I 'd be even , and would n't have to give up my evenings after work and brave the mosquitoes and black flies.I love it . I 'm stretching its capabilities in terms of lawn size and inclines , but the little thing just keeps chugging along . I have it set to high clearance and a high cut , and it is handling my very uneven lawn with no problems . It took two mows per zone to transform my badly overgrown lot into a groomed lawn . The cut is good , just like my riding-mower or push-mower neighbors ' except without the lines . The Robomower mulches beautifully , leaving no evidence of clippings on top of the grass.I start the mower when I get home from work . While it mows , I 'm inside doing all the other evening chores , and then relaxing . It keeps on mowing after the sun goes down , and it 's so quiet that you wo n't disturb the neighbors if it finishes up at 10 PM . -LRB- Just remember to bring a flashlight to find where it has stopped when it is time to bring it in ! -RRB- While you can just set it up and go , to get the best cut be prepared to spend a little time optimizing things after you 've seen it run a couple times
 Look , this took me 2 hours to write and edit just right because I 'm passionate about my robotic lawnmower so give me the courtesy of reading this in full and then decide for yourself.I live in Florida and can handle edging and blowing , but not mowing . I have about 1/4 acre of grass and my property is an L shaped corner lot.Why did I buy a Robomower rather than hiring a service ? This was a no brainer decision . Pay $ 140 per month to have someone MowBoe mow my lawn no matter what month of the year it is -LRB- quick math $ 1680/year -RRB- , OR . . pay about $ 1000 and have Wilson mow the lawn more often and be rid of the deafening noise of the lawn service 's equipment . PLUS SAVE MONEY!How much of a savings ? In my case about $ 2000 in two years . If this mower lasts 2 years it has paid for itself two times over , but from what I read , this bot lasts much longer . The longer it lasts , the more money I save.I considered the 1000 series , but my lawn 's area is n't that large and the docking station does n't really make things exciting for me.Wilson is my Robomower . Yes , I named it , I admit it . I name robots , it 's tradition ... . or it will be in a few decades . I also have a Roomba SAGE called Rosie and a Roomba Scooba called Willie . Robots are the way to go , even though they are really god awful stupid ... . for now anyway.I read all the reviews I could find on the RL850 . Generally speaking they gave it two thumbs up except for the on board settings . I read the manual 2 times because I do n't have a life and I did n't find anything too difficult to understand about the settings . If you can program your answering machine , you can do this.HOW IT WORKSThere are 2 main settings you decide for the robot . The first one is follow the wire loop you laid down first then mow inside of it , this setting is called -LRB- EDGE -RRB- , normally it would skip the edge so you have to tell it . It 's just a push of 2 buttons . There is a second separate feature you can set called -LRB- WIDE SCAN -RRB- , this allows the mower to take longer passes before it decides to turn to another compass heading.This should be set after watching the robot mow your lawn a few times . It 's for efficiency , you really do n't need to do this if you do n't have the time . . but like I said . . I do n't have a life so I do n't mind looking out of my window watching my mower do it 's thing for an hour or two . Oh yeah , I 'm the talk of the neighborhood alright . Yup , there 's that crazy guy watching his robots again.Basically , the Wilson unit has a built in compass and knows the direction it is cutting -LRB- for example North to South -RRB- . Wilson cuts in a tight zig zag fashion meaning it moves south until it hits an obstacle or detects the wire then moves a little to the right and moves north . Back and forth it goes , at some point , Wilson decides to change the direction of the cut.There will be uncut globs here and there , do n't worry , somehow the idiot programming runs over these spots and your lawn will look perfectly mowed as if someone did it with a precision shaver . Yes , it 's that good . It 's like a barber cut my lawn , just keep those blades sharp . By the way , it handles small branches very well.Remember , you MUST lay down the wire first . The bot will look for a signal from the wire or it wo n't turn on . A nice safety feature.LAYING DOWN THE WIREDepending on the layout of your lawn , it may take you a few hours as the manual suggests , but my L shaped lot with a white picket fence smack in between and a detached garage has taken 3 days of planning , experimentation and installation . 3 zones have been laid out.Nevertheless , if you have a less complex lawn configuration than mine , such as a big square you should be done quicker.For multiple zones , I suggest you lay out only one zone first . ONE ZONE ! Then try the bot out to see how it handles the layout . This will help you make adjustments and better layout decisions for the other zones . This may take more time at first but it 's better than pulling up stakes and readjusting . That can get very messy.Burying the wire 3 to 6 inches in the ground is not a problem for the mower . I have it going under my brick paved walkway . No problems with navigation . You do n't need to bury the wire , just clear the way for the wire with an edger , wet the ground , then lay the wire on top of the grass and brush your hand over the grass so it hides in between the grassblades . Over time , the grass will grow over the wire.The wire must be laid out in a big loop around your lawn then meeting back to a simple transmitter coupling . Do n't rely on a fence to be a perimiter for you . Robomower will not do a good job bumping in to many things because it shuts the blades off , backs off then turns the blades on after it moves which is another safety feature I like . If you have trees it 's ok to have it bump the tree , but bushes or flower beds must have the perimiter wire around them.SUGGESTIONSPLAN AHEAD ! MEASURE ! Make sure you have enough wire . The RL 850 box contains 4 bags of 50 stakes each . Plan to punch a stake every 3 feet or so . They give you 500 feet of wire which is good for 4 bags of stakes . If you need more wire buy it but do n't cheap out on the stakes . I 've caught Wilson 's front wheel snagging the wire and pulling on it because I tried to cheap out on the stakes and used less than I should . Of course if you bury the wire this will not be a problem.Remember , I am saving at least $ 500 for the first year and over $ 1500 fore every year afterwards having Wilson doing my lawn with very little elbow grease of my own . I want the wire to be there permanently without any snags so It 's dumb to cheap out on the installation.WHY ELECTRIC OVER GASI had it up to here with gas engines ! I 've given up on them which is why I contemplated a lawn service . Oh , they start up right away at first , but then it 's maintenance time and cramps from pulling and tugging on that start rope . I threw out more sweat trying to start the darn things than to actually mow ! Then it 's the oil , the expensive fuel , yada yada yada ... Electric motors have more torque than gas motors and are QUIET !!! Wilson was so quiet , I went and purchased a Black and Decker 18v cordless edger and a Black and Decker 18v cordless blower and gave away my gas engine edger and blower . Now I can edge my lawn at midnight and my neighbors wo n't even know it . Try that with a pull push tug skanky gas hog that breaks down and not to mention gets VERY HOT!A riding mower does n't do it for me . I look like a weeble in the first place and will make my neighbors laugh . Also , the noise , the gas , and I still have to edge and blow . PLUS ! The riding mower is MORE EXPENSIVE ! And I have to store it ! Wilson fits under a shelf in my garage . It takes less space than a walk behind mower . Do the math.HAVE DOGS?I have two Shepherds . Beautiful , courageous and strong . Besides giving everyone a second thought before coming close to the house , they have one genetic quark . After a good dump they like to wipe their bear claws in the lawn , tearing in to it . This airates the ground somewhat so it 's good , but take this in to consideration when you are laying down wire . My male shepherd I call Monster already ripped up a wire without knowing . He 's a good boy , so now I have to make sure he does n't do his business by the edge of the fence . This is a training period for both man , animal and robot.Lawn ... the primal fronteer ... the everending saga of man over veggie and the pursuit of perfection.The Lawn Weeble
 Love it.I bought this mower at the start of last summer , calculating that if it lasted a year and a half or more , I 'd break even on what I was paying a lawn service to mow my yard.I have an fairly uneven yard , with some steep parts . Set to the highest mow , robomower easily navigates the rough spots , and manages the slopes well . Robomower takes a lot longer to mow a lawn than it would take you to do it manually , but since you are off doing something else , and robomower can work in the dark , that does n't matter at all.Be prepared to experiment with the perimeter wire . I found dividing my front , side , and back yard into three zones was the best choice for me . Do the final complete pegging after you 've run the mower a few times and know the wire is in the right place . If you have multiple zones and live in a part of the country where mowing days are limited by frequent rain , get an extra battery and/or the fast charger , so you can mow more than one zone per day when you get the chance.The mowing pattern is not up and down in lines , but in angled criss-crossing , leaving lots of gaps at first , so you wo n't see a clean mow until it 's done . But when it is , the cut is very nice
 Looks like a lot of the reviews that are negative talk about RoboMowers they 've owned for at least two years . That would mean they 're usually talking about the old models , the RL500 or 550 . -LRB- Lots of upgrades since then for the `` getting stuck '' issues , but I can not speak to the reliability yet . -RRB- My review is for the RL850 , which is listed here . This mower does exactly what they say it will do . I have had absolutely NO problems whatsoever . My front yard has a pretty steep slope , which causes no trouble at all . My back yard has a crabgrass problem , also no trouble for the RoboMower . I set it out , it does it 's thing . When it 's finished I spend about 5 minutes getting a couple of narrow points that the RoboMower ca n't reach , and I 'm done . My boyfriend who likes to mow -LRB- I 've always hated it -RRB- says I 've spoiled him now that he 's seen the `` finer things '' and wants to setup his own yard to use it ! The grass looks great when it 's finished , no raking as the pieces of grass are chopped very finely . I would buy it again in a minute.May 8 , 2012An update on my Robomower
 I just purchased my RL 850 from Amazon and installed the wire last weekend . I gave my lawn it 's first Robo-cut . The lawn looks like it got one of those professional haircuts . Looks like a golf course . No visible tire tracks anywhere.It did take me 4-5 hours to stake the wire and adjust the edges by myself - and that was only the back yard -LRB- roughly 100 ` x75 ' with one landscaped island -RRB- . It took approximately 2 to 2-1/2 hours to mow a lawn I can cut in 45 mins . But I managed to get a nice sun tan on my lounge chair while IT was working.If not for the picnic table obstructing the path of the Robomower , it would have done the job all by itself . I had to modifiy its course to finish cutting an area the table kept blocking it from . And it did get hung-up once backing up onto some tree roots -LRB- lifted off the ground and did n't make contact - wheels kept spinning -RRB- . I have a few trees it just bumped into and backed away from.So I guess I ca n't let Robo do it 's thing unattended - at least not yet - and the instructions tell you NEVER to do that anyway -RRB- . As I develop more trust in the mower , I 'll probably get some other chores done while it does the back yard -LRB- if I can tear myself away from watching the silly thing doing its job - looks like a turtle -RRB- . I 'm considering purchasing more wire and perimeter switch for the front yard - but crossing over the sidewalk and driveway seems a bit complicated and perhaps hazardous -LRB- blades over concrete -RRB- . Now I need a clever name for it . Any suggestions?Highly recommended product for those who have better things to do than walk up and down - back and forth - across their lawns - once or twice a week . Get it on sale tho!Turbo TonyRobomower and Roomba vacuum - anyone invent the home car washing robot yet?Updated Nov 6 , 2007 : I just finished my first season with the RL850 Robomower . What a delight!The minor problem I had with it getting stuck on large tree roots - fixed by pounding a few stakes next to the roots . `` Bobby '' delivers a near perfect cut each time . It does miss a very small patch or two every now and then - but so what - it gets it the next time.The only regret was spending the money to buy this thing so that I could get more leisure time - but as it turned out - my 16 yr old son is the one who got the extra time off ! Now he only cuts the smaller front and side grass with the noisy old Toro . Did I mention NOISY ? I really got used to the `` sounds of silence '' , well , ok , sounds of humming - while Bobby cut the lawn . It 's to the point where I throw mean looks at my neighbor every time he cuts his lawn with his loud gas mower while Im trying to lay-out back and catch a few rays . If only everyone -LRB- or at least both of my neighbors -RRB- had one of these.Consider this an endorsement . The thing works . And it 's good for the environment -LRB- can I use it as a tax write-off ? hmmmmmm ... -RRB- Updated August 24th , 2008 : `` Bobby '' is nearing the end of his second season of mowing my lawn -LRB- got maybe 1-2 months left -RRB- . It 's performing like new . I charged the battery last Winter per online advice - remove the battery from the mower and charge for 24 hours once a month . It still runs for over 3 hours in it 's second season . Love the cut and my wife says I 'm getting lazier every day . Got ta love it ! Thinking about buying more wire and another perimeter switch for the front yard -LRB- probably only 1/2 the front since my driveway splits the lawn -RRB- . Tony
 It is just about the end of my first summer spent watching Mo cut the grass in our zone 6 Pennsylvania yard . It is a delight not to be doing the work myself . If Mo misses a spot I do not care because I AM NOT MOWING . Yippee.Yes , it takes time and perserverence to lay the wire . I make my own pegs from wire coat hangers and I use 14 gauge wire from Home Depot because the supplies from this maker are just too high priced . The blades will probably have to be replaced -LRB- too many stones were hit this year -RRB- and the battery still seems fine after one summer of mowing 1/3 acre every week.I have learned to use Mo only in dry weather - comments made by other reviewers are true , he does make a mess in mud and the deck does indeed get clogged with wet grass . But so did my big old gas powered Toro , which I do not miss.You will like this mower if you are opposed to feeding and coddling lawn . MY `` yard '' was mainly weeds and turfgrass last May . Mo is set to mow high - 3 '' - and I can already see the improvement . The higher cut is allowing grass to crowd out weeds , with the result that there is more grass . The robot does a good job , costs over a three year period will be less than I would have paid the lawn service , and as for the edges , who really cares whether they are the neatest in town?I love this thing .
 I purchased RL850 in July 2008 . I have beening using it almost every afternoon except when it rains . So far , I am pleased with this purchase . The instruction is easy to follow and the operation is very simple.Just an update to this review . I am still using this robot and it is doing great jobs -LRB- 6/24/2012 -RRB- .
 Had to bore a few holes for backhoe pins . These were priced right , and seemed to work just fine . The price was certainly less than a large drill and a reamer .
 I got my RoboMower in June of 2005 and other than one breakdown it has performed perfectly for me.I have 12,000 Sq Ft of very level lawn -LRB- newly landscaped and graded yard -RRB- with no obstructions . The RoboMower comes out every night at 5:00 PM , mows for a few hours , and comes back without issue . It 's the hit of the neighborhood.Laying the perimeter wire was a pain . At first I just laid it out and used the stakes to keep it down . I figured there was a 50/50 chance I 'd be returning the unit -LRB- low expectations ! -RRB- and I did n't want to spend the time burying the wire . After a couple of weeks I decided the unit was a keeper and I buried the wire - which took all day.Suggestion
 I bought a new house and saw that everyone else in the neighborhood had a riding lawnmower . Having a small yard with not much to mow , in the past , I was not looking forward to spending at least 2 hours a week sitting on my -LSB- back -RSB- driving around in circles . I started looking for `` high speed '' riding movers but the cost was astronomical . -LRB- ... -RRB- The mower and docking station arrived , from Amazon , in 2 large boxes . Installation and set-up was easily enough and I was `` mowing '' the front yard the next day . I had the mower set to MAX time but the lawn looked pretty well mowed after about 2 hours . Now in the back yard -LRB- much larger area -RRB- the grass was long , wet , and has a long slope in it so the mower ran less than 3 hours before it returned to its dock . The lawn looked about 90 % done . I was fairly satisfied with that being it is going out again today at 4:00 PM to finish up . `` It mows , you do n't '' . Love that!The only thing I did that took a bit more time for the initial set-up was bury the perimeter wire , in high visibility areas . I did not like looking at the green line . I found this to be quite easy once I taped the `` robo ruler '' to a lawn edger I already own . I could then easily look down at the ruler and use it as a guide for the 1 inch deep little trench I dug with the edger.Things that impressed me
 Timmy -LRB- Friendly Robotics RL1000 -RRB- took over mowing our lawn August of 2005 . I have n't mowed a lawn in over a year , 1 and a half growing seasons ! I split up my front and back yard with a small gap so Timmy can do the front yard or the back and still make it home to his charging station . -LRB- home base is highly recommended !!! -RRB- I often start him up at 6pm and he keeps mowing until around 9:30 pm and then goes to his little house for a complete re-charge for the next day . I did not choose the scheduled start option because I have two dogs and a 1 year old that leave toys in the yard . Also , Timmy can mow in the rain but grass cuts so much better when it 's dry , plus grass clippings do n't build up as much in the underside and wheel treads.Setting up took some time and a bit of experimenting . Especially deciding which trees to block out with the wire and how to keep Timmy in the front or back while still being able to make it home when he 's done . I purchased an extra roll of wire at Home Depo , any solid strand 16g or 14g wire will work . I soldered the connections instead of using the special wire nuts . I tried to go without an extra bag of wire stakes thinking I could just get something at Walmart or Home Depot but ended up buying 3 more bags of official stakes later on after an exhaustive search came up empty.I have had very little trouble with Timmy . I 'm good with new gadgets so dealing with little problems is n't too difficult for me . The outdoor power supply did break after only about 4 months of use but I just hooked up the indoor power supply inside and drilled a hole in the garage wall for the wire . I can now tell the blades need replacing after just over 1 year of use -LRB- about 5 months total in southern Maine -RRB- but that was expected . The battery life has gone from almost 4 hours down to about 3 hours so I plan on replacing those next spring . -LRB- I will just install 2 new 12v lead acid batteries in the existing housing and save about $ 75 on a new official battery pack -RRB- Everyone in the neighborhood talks about Timmy , he 's so popular ! Mostly people ask about him when I 'm outside and they walk by . I have had a few kids ring my door bell asking about him while he was busy at work .
 I bought my Robomower about a year ago , and decided I 've probably had it long enough to make a comment.My wife and I moved from our house in the city to a place in the suburbs with a half-acre lot . I spent our first summer using our walk-behind mower , but quickly decided that was for the birds . It took hours . All my neighbors had riding mowers , but I did n't want one of those . It seemed a little too stereotypically suburban . So in researching mowers I discovered the Robomower.Now , I am not an early adopter by any means . I do n't go for the latest gadget . But I learned that the Robomowers have been around for about ten years now , and have been much improved since the early models . And the Robomower cost about the same as a riding mower . So after doing a lot of research I decided to take a chance on it.Someone else left a comment here saying that the Robomower comes with poor documentation . I really disagree . The manuals were well-written , and I was surprised how easy and straightforward the set-up was . The most monotonous part was laying the perimeter wire . That probably took me three or four hours -- but then , I have a rather large yard.Once the wire is set and the docking station set up , you just let the mower charge up and then -- off you go . It runs pretty quietly , and sounds very much like an electric weed trimmer -LRB- the three blades underneath the mower deck look quite a bit like trimmer blades , actually -RRB- . One of my neighbors came over to see what I had trolling around the lawn . `` My wife and I saw it but did n't know what it was , '' he said . `` One day I said to her , I think it 's cutting their grass -- I do n't see him out there with the lawn mower anymore '' . In terms of the quality of the cut , I think it does pretty well . Your lawn wo n't look like a golf course , but I 'm not that picky . Looks pretty much like it used to when I cut with the gas mower . Robomower has soft bumpers on the front and back so that if it runs into a tree it will simply toddle off in the opposite direction . It does n't seem to hit very hard , and I have n't noticed any damage to the bark . When the mower battery runs low , it automatically goes back to the docking station . Once in a while it had trouble finding the station , or had trouble docking on its own , but it would usually make it by itself . Worst case scenario , you can simply use the manual controller to drive it back to the station.You can run perimeter wire around a tree to keep the Robomower from hitting it . I will need to do that for one of the trees , as Robomower keeps running up on one of the tree roots and getting stranded -- its wheels keep turning but it does n't get anywhere . Then I have to walk out and drag it off . But generally , if it gets a wheel stuck in a chuckhole or something , it will just beep loudly and start off in the other direction.There is a manual setting that allows you to use it as a conventional electric mower , ostensibly for doing small areas that do n't fall in one of your zones . You simply pull out the control panel -LRB- it 's connected to the mower by a 4-foot line -RRB- and work the manual controls as you walk behind the mower . However , this is not very easy to use . You have to hold two buttons down simultaneously -LRB- one to move the wheels , one to run the blades -RRB- as well as manipulate the direction controller . My hands tended to cramp up within a couple of minutes.If you start with grass of a reasonable length , Robomower will do a good job maintaining it . But it has a hard time cutting overly long grass . Because the mower is heavy -LRB- it 's about 80 pounds with battery -RRB- it tends to flatten down long grass before the blades get a chance to shear it off . So you probably do n't want to give away your gas mower - you may need it once in a while.The literature says Robomower can work in the rain , but I would n't recommend it . The tires can get kind of gummed up with wet grass clippings and tend to slip . It will mow at night -LRB- you can see the blinking light on the top even if you ca n't see the mower -RRB- , but I really have n't bothered . Usually , I start it up on a weekend , when I 'm doing other stuff around the house.Overall , it cut the grass trouble-free throughout all of last summer , and it was a snap getting it set up again this spring.Robomower handles different zones , but be aware that model that comes with docking station can only be used for one zone . There 's a battery-powered perimeter switch that can be moved from zone to zone , but that 's not included with this.Overall , though , this was a good purchase for us . If you 're thinking about buying one and are on the fence , I 'd recommend you go for it .
 I actually have the RL800 model . As do all the above reviewers . I know this because this model , the RL1000 was only released in 2004 and the above reviews are all complaining about it being out of warrenty . That means they bought there mowers in 2003 or earlier . So please give this review as much weight as theirs . I also have an RL500 and that has been more difficult to maintain . If I guessed I 'd bet most of the above problems were with that model.As for the RL800 , this is my second full year using it and its been no problem at all . I 've played around with the barrier wires a little this year , but other than that and replacing the blades before the season started its preformed perfectly.One note of common sense . Sure the mower will mow in the rain . Just like you could walk down the street with a sack of potatoes . But why would you strain yourself like that ? Wet grass = heavy motor wear.And just to be clear my RL500 is also 2 years old and running strong .
 I found this mower to be very impressive.I have a lot about 100 '' x 25 ' , generally flat with a mild slope down the length of the yard , and filled with small divits between clumps of grass . I generally do n't have many bushes or trees in my property , so the deviations in my wire-line were few . I also have two dogs that commonly use the yard.The set up was fairly simple ; a single perimeter wire layed the groundwork along the fence . It rounds a few bushes and trees along the fence line.I found the system set-up easy enough to only require a light read of the manual . When I started the mower I had n't cut the grass in about 2-3 weeks -LRB- which is probably not recommended -RRB- , but the mower cut through the 1 ' grass length without many problems . While tackling this length of grass it did stall in a few spots because of a lack of traction , so it needed a few nudges to continue . As it cut the lawn , however , the wheels were able to grab better and better traction and soon resolved the grass to the proper length . I do n't believe I 'll need to fill any of the divits to allow the system to run from here on in without my watching it.I set it up to cut the grass to max power for every day of the week , however I will probably reduce this because the cut-time is certainly long enough to handle the backyard every few days -LRB- beyond 2 hours so far -RRB- . I would recommend setting up the docking station on a flat stone surface -LRB- I 'll probably lay cinderblock slabs beneith it later -RRB- as the mower will not be able to cut along the edges of the docking station very well.My dogs at first were curious about it , but the quiet mowing sound was n't at all intimidating , so they simply sniffed at it a few times and left it alone . Also , with the mowing sound lower than the general street traffic , mowing at any time of day would likely be fine.Outside of that , my only regret is that I did n't buy this mower earlier in the year . That would have saved me a lot of time . I look forward to reducing my workload in the backyard going forward . All in all , I 'm satisfied .
 I wish I bought the Lawnbott Evolution . The lawnbott appears much faster and configurable than the RL1000 . Additionally , the lawnbott seems to do better in smaller spaces . However , I purchased a RL1000 because it was about $ 500 cheaper than the lawnbott . So , I am stuck with it . So far , I have used the RL1000 about 3-5 times to mow since then . First impressions are that the documention is terrible . I would like to see the documenation on setting up zones improve . There are videos that suppliment the paper manual . These videos should be watched . Without the videos , the documention on zones in the paper manual is incomplete . I thought the lawnmower robot would be smarter than it is . In this respect , most of the robot mowers are pretty dumb . They all seem to require a wire permiter . They all seem to zig zag around the permiter for a specified time . The RL1000 does a good job mowing , but I can mow my lawn with a reel mower in about half the time . If I use the RL1000 , it takes up to 3 hours . I only have 40 feet of grass behind my house , 40 feet of grass in front , with 10 feet on each side . The hardest part in setting up the robot was the permiter wire . It was painful with baby trees . I have six newly planted trees in my lawn that I had to create islands around . The islands seem to slow down the mowing speed . Additionally , sewer pipe vents in the front make it very hard for the RL1000 to get in the corners . The RL1000 is very big compared to say the lawnbott . I would only recommend the RL1000 for flat lawns without a lot of trees . However , if you have a tiny spaces for the robot to go around , it might be best to do those manually . Additionally , the RL1000 seems to get disoriented in depression areas.I read the manual for the lawnbott , and I used it to suppliment the RL1000 manual , which is pretty funny . They all work the same the lawnbott is more expensive , smaller , and quiter . Additionally , it looks more like a toy than a lawnmower . But , the lawnbott is the mower for the geek . The RL1000 is pretty good for the cost . Even though my lawn is small , I ran out of wire . I would recommend purchasing bulk insulated wire if you run out . It is cheaper and serves the same purpose .
 I got this guy off-season and got him set up , running through multiple `` shake-down cruises . '' Very few problems so far ; a bit of a learning curve in setting up the perimeter , etc. . But , jeez-o-pete , is he ever so cool ! I may design and build a home for him , to simplify the winter storage process , but I ca n't wait until spring so I can truly turn him loose and see how well he performs in real life.The docs are accurate , though a bit sparse , so far . There is a growing community of dedicated users more than happy to share their thoughts and experiences , which is a huge asset.I wish I knew how to build a body-mod for him so he would look like the chomping turtle on the Flintstones!A very positive experience so far .
 I found this type of quick release and installation blade is great . I had ordered the Bosch blades but accepted the Lenox blades instead . They do a great job and stay sharp throughout the jobs I 've used them on .
 Lenox blades are quality blades that perform exceptionally well . I rank them among the best . Cost a little more but you get what you pay for and these blades are worth the money .
 These are the best levels that you can buy period ! I 've used them for many years -LRB- 6 ' and 32 '' -RRB- You will not go wrong , buying this brand !
 These Jumper cables are heavy enough to carry all the current I need to jump off my farm machinery on the farm . I like their flexibility , which makes them easy to roll up and unroll . The carrying case is large enough to accomodate the cables without cramming them in . I have n't needed the side terminal extentions on them since all my equipment has top posts , but they will come in handy if I ever have to jump off my family car . They are long enough to reach any battery wherever I may have to park to get to it . The shipping was fast and the price was cheaper than I could get them locally . It was a good buy .
 I was very pleased with the NEIKO Booster Cables . They are heavy weight and excellent quality . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I have only used this once and found them to be really great . Being professional grade I had no problem starting a dead battary . One turn of the key and she fired right up . They are good quality and if you shop around they are only a dollars more then a 8 guarge . For the once in a while I will ever use them they will last me a life time . I strongly recommend them
 This is a decent door chime , with one exception which is the mounting screws included with the unit . They 're flathead screws , not Robertson or Phillips , which makes them hard to screw in . They 're also juuuuuuust barely big enough to secure the unit . If you purchase this unit , I suggest you replace the screws with ones that have a larger head .
 I have bought several of these to replace missing covers on older units in my rental units . The price is very reasonable compared to box store prices . These are not easy to find locally . The fit is perfect .
 I have had shop vaccuum 's and other dust collectors gathering saw dust from my shop tool 's and this is the best one yet ! I use this primarily on my 5 hp . table saw and what a difference . I get very little to no dust coming from the saw . I 'm working on getting a dust collector arm that goes over the blade and that will get all of the dust . I 'm very happy with the quality of the product and would suggest it to any small to med . work shop . the canister works great , and you can see when to dump the bag . Just do n't through the clear bag away , they are not cheap . The noise is less than the other tools that I am using at the time , and if you have other tools by delta , this will match nicely .
 great product for those that ca n't bend down to pick things up off the floor or reach objects up high . Have used it to pick glasses out of a cabinet easily . only drawback is the plastic screw used as a pivot for the trigger as it eventually , `` roughly 6-8 months depending on use , '' cracks or just comes loose .
 It arrived promptly , was packed well to prevent damage , and has done everything it has supposed to . I do n't know how it could have been better .
 This saw is exactly what I was looking for . I am a trim carpenter who who has owned several table saws in his life time . This is a good heavy duty saw . It is accurate and has lots of power . I have yet to bog it down . I like the fence , smooth and accurate . I do put the saw away each night after I use it . I like that all the accessories store on the saw.It is not light or small . It is a little awkward for one person to carry though doorways . I also have a 15 year old Makita 8 inch and a Delta 10 inch contractors saw with a 50 fence . This saw fills my need for a portable saw in between these two . The Makita is very light , easy to carry and set up . A good job saw , in fact it is the saw I use the most -LRB- mainly because it is the smallest and the one I carry in my van -RRB- . The PC has much more power and is relatively portable but is it much bigger to carry around . I use it for bigger jobs , it 's not some thing I would want to drag out for a few cuts . The Delta stays in the shop and is mainly used for cutting full sheets of plywood . The PC has more power than the Delta and I think it is just as accurate.If you want a good powerful table saw that needs to be portable but wo n't be moved around every day this saw would be a good choice.I have had it for almost 3 years and it still works as good as it did new.note
 The saw arrived earlier than expected , and performs as well or better than expected . The soft start is helpful for reducing vibration . The fence alignment is very true .
 As with all Porter-Cable equipment this is a nice saw , but it did not work out for me . I thought I would write this review just to provide some additional information for those that may be considering this purchase.I needed a small compact saw that one person could handle with ease , but had the power to work through hard woods . Amazon offered this as an alternative to the DeWalt DW745 for less money and with the stand . The added features of soft start and fast stop made it seem like the unit for me , but when the box arrived I was stunned at the size of the package . I returned mine and ordered the DeWalt saw . I gave this 5 stars because it is a nice piece of equipment , but please note it is a little larger then you may expect , if compact is what you need .
 I bought the saw after it first came out as I was wanting to upgrade . I was looking for an upgrade over my previous saw in the mitre gauge that I could read better and a fence that was more accurate than the one I had . This saw in the portable category did both of those things very well . It has plenty of power and since I work alone it is easy to handle as some of my work is done on the lake and I have to travel by boat . I have used it a lot and it is a pleasure to use . I am able to concentrate on the work and not the saw which means it is very high quality . Iam fortunate enough to have very good tools and this is one of them . Good job , PC . Tony Davis
 Like the top better than DeWalt , like the price -LRB- $ 247.00 -RRB- better than Bosch . of these three my vote goes for Porter-Cable . I use this at home , so if the stand is no concern , Bosch has the best stand for portability , This is a great purchase
 The soft start and electric brake are nice features . The folding stand is stable and reasonbly solid . The 3812 uses a T slot for the miter gauge which is helpful in crosscutting wide stock - the miter gauge stays in the table instead of trying to fall to the ground and it 's a feature the Bosch 4000 and DeWalt do n't have . And it costs less too . UPDATE
 I have owned this saw for just about two months now and have used it heavily in building finished stairs and installing trim in a new home . The saw has worked perfectly . I am very surprised at the amount of power the saw has and especially pleased with the rip fence . It works perfectly . The saw arrived in perfect condition and the packaging has been improved greatly since earlier reviews I have read . All accessories store neatly on the saw for easy transportation.The only negative I could say about this saw is the soft start feature . When the saw is turned on it hesitates for a split second and then growls to a start . This hesitation is just enough to wonder if the saw is plugged in . I have adjusted to this , however , and would clearly buy this saw again .
 I had ordered this saw just before the 4th of July holiday . It was n't supposed to arrive for almost a week , but I was n't in any hurry . The saw arrived on July 5th , 2 days after I ordered it , and that includes a holiday ... Now , THAT was fast ! I opened the box and made sure everything was there , and that nothing was damaged . The saw was pristine , nothing missing , and no damage whatsoever . The stand came pre-assembled
 Carpenters as well as homeowners who care about quality tools will appreciate this saw for it 's power and accuracy . I find this table saw easy to transport from truck to jobsite yet it 's fullsize enough to handle every task needed . Table adjustments are easy and accurate . Some details could use improvement such as a storage bracket to attach saw cord for transport , an adjustable leg on the stand for uneven ground , and the black fence sometimes forbids good sight that the stock is flush to fence at all times . Comparing all portable saws on the market , Porter Cable to me is the best no frills or gimmicks , rugged , jobsite to jobsite saw available .
 I use this saw every day on the job.Very portable easy set up and stable.Has good power , rpms a little slow but still does a good job . Fence is smooth , extention works good.The only problam is the rod that tightens the fence is to small . Broke it twice in 10 mons . @ about 20 $ a piece to fix .
 I 've owned this PC saw for about a year and have no level of buyer 's remorse . The saw is a workhorse and has no problem cutting anything I have thrown at it . The tabletop surface is flat and true , and the blade was straight to the fence right out of the box - no adjustments needed!When I bought mine Amazon had a deal where they threw in a $ 80 Freud blade for free , so that was a significant factor in my decision to choose the PC over the DeWalt DW744 . Admittedly , the DeWalt does have a superior fence , and all things being equal I would most likely have purchased the DW744 , but the deal I received on this PC was a significant cost savings over the DeWalt plus the free blade ... I just could n't pass it up.I did opt for the optional outfeed extension which makes cutting sheet stock much easier ... I would recommend it to anyone.Pros
 I purchased this saw in 2005 after reading reviews of the DeWalt , Bosch and Delta . I 'm a contractor , use this saw exclusively on job sites and have NOT been kind to it.The fence locking rod has broken twice . As a result I keep an extra rod with the saw . The design for the rod could be better but I have since backed off the nut that adjusts the fence stiffness . This has helped the rod last longer.I use a quality finish blade . This helps reduce the saw marks on ripped stock to almost non-existent . No wobble in the arbor after 4 years of use . Few saw marks is very helpful in my business - especially in finish work - just keep the stock moving without pausing and keep stock tight to the fence.Connect a standard shop vac to the dust port . If not , it will clog within a day of use . The vac is plugged into a portable switch that I mounted directly onto the saw near the saw 's power switch . Makes it easy to turn on the vac and then the saw.The stand can be unstable with larger stock . My helper will be on outfeed and as I approach the saw when ripping , I 'll place my foot on the stand cross bar to keep the saw from tipping backwards.It 's heavy to transport daily but I expect a durable saw to have some weight.You wo n't be disappointed .
 I 've recently retired and needed a useable table saw that would fit in my smallish workshop . After shopping around and reading reviews , I had just about given up on finding a saw that would meet my needs at a price I could afford . I got this saw , delivered and on time , for a little over $ 300 ! My experience is somewhat limited , so my technical review will be limited , too . The unit was a snap to assemble and was operational in much less time than the 30 minutes listed in the directions . The trial cuts that I made were repeatable and accurate , even with changes in blade angle . The blade supplied with the saw made smooth cuts in pine and birch . I suppose I may get a little more demanding once I gain experience , but that will probably be some time yet . Two small touches that I like are the on-board storage for accessories and T-slots for the miter guage .
 6 years of hard use and still going strong ! Literally miles of wood pushed though this machine.I 've been a finish carpenter for almost 15 years and as co-workers have come and gone i 've had the opportunity to use every portable table saw on the market . All have parts designed to fail with use -LRB- how else can they get you to buy the next model -RRB- , but the Achilles heel seems to be fence systems . The fence on this is well made and adjusts to perfection easily . The action of the fence is still smooth due to its simple design . If the saw takes a hit adjustment screws allow you to compensate . Motor is well powered and brake still working.Only reason I did n't rate this five stars is because of some plastic parts that have caused me some issues -LRB- plastic gear that adjusts bevel wore out and was replaced . Saw is heavy but this also keeps it relatively stable . Damn shame PC sold itself out and stopped making this and many of its other older fine machines .
 Purchase this saw to replace an old Sears table saw that died after 20 years ... LOVE the saw ... the only reason I gave it a 4 star instead of 5 stars was related to the base ... could be better ...
 We bought two of these fans for our porch . They look great . However , the way the globe mounts to the fan , you have to be careful not to break it . Love this fan . Great fan for the money .
 We bought 2 of these fans for our patio . They are beautiful and work great . The only disappointment , the sail cloth appeared white in the pictures but is really more of a cream and it 's a silky material , not canvas . Neither issue was cause to send them back , they look great up and really move the air !
 I love this fan ! It 's quiet and it 's `` productive '' . I 'm just curious if anyone else had the problem I had . The light bulb popped a hole in the globe when I was pressing it on to install it . I called Hunter , and they sent me a new one for free , but I was wondering if this happened to anyone else of if I 'm just a spaz !!!
 This light looks great in our house . It works well and is very quiet . My only complaint is the glass light globe on the bottom will not fit in place with a standard light bulb . The globe hits the bottom of the bulb . Same with a standard flourescent bulb . We had to go find a shorter -LRB- hence lower wattage -RRB- flourescent bulb to fit . Aside from that this is a great ceiling fan . Fairly easy to install too .
 The fan arrived in a dozen or so parts , but the instructions were easily followed . The packaging was very good , even over board , making removal of the `` guts '' of the fan a bit of a challenge -- unless your are the type of person who simply rips open packages.The installation went well , with the preparation work -- preparing the ceiling mount point -- taking a roughly a third of the time . Working by myself , I had the fan installed in roughly two hours.The fan is pleasant to the eye , and moves a surprising amount of air at all settings , much more than the fan I replaced . The fabric coverings that make up the fan are easily removed for hand washing -LRB- my wife 's choice for the best feature -RRB- . My wife has already started talking about making `` seasonal '' coverings as one her swing projects.DON ' T USE THE CFL , but shorter `` ceiling fan incandescent bulbs , '' It obvious the fan was designed for a `` ceiling fan bulb '' not the CFL with which it ships . There is no clearance between the CFL and top of the globe once screwed into it 's mount . The CFL EXPLODED on my attempt to screw in the globe.I put on my emergency gas mask , gloves , heavy cloth long sleeve shirt and trousers sealing the joins at hand and foot with duck tape and cleaned up the remains of the CFL out of the globe . Just kidding , but really DO NOT BREATH IN THE MERCURY of a damaged CFL!I picked up incandescent ceiling fan bulbs , which are shorter than normal bulbs , and the globe fits find.I think this fan shall hold its place in our home for many years to come.Purchasing this product from Amazon , from my Prime account , I received it in two days , free shipping . Thanks Amazon!I highly recommend this product .
 Very pleased . The install went well , we used a 5 foot down rod and had to splice the wires to make them reach , but no big deal . The fan is very attractive and appears well made . Puts out lots of air and is definitely an improvement over the one we replaced -LRB- Harbor Breeze -RRB- . As others have mentioned it is important to take care installing the light fixture , it is a bit of a challenge but in the end went on OK .
 We put this fan in a bedroom but may move it out to the covered deck since it can be installed outdoors as well as inside . Most people comment favorably when they see this fan because it is so different . Works very well in the bedroom .
 Very please with the overall quality of the product as well as the ease of ordering and exceptional delivery . The only disappointment was the 60 watt maximum bulb -LRB- which was surprisingly included ! -RRB- - this seems low for an outdoor fixture and given where we have it placed , we would have liked at least 75 watts if not 100 .
 many great guest comments , an outdoor fan which i installed indoors , should last me twenty years or better ... luv it ! gives the home a seashore beach house feeling
 I am a do-it-your-self-er . I am redoing my entire house and everything has a theme . For this room , the theme is oceanic . In the winter time it is the brightest room -LRB- natural sun -RRB- in my house so I was picturing a sail when I bought this fan . The light -LRB- one high efficient came with -RRB- was decent enough for my 11x13 room . I am not really sure what other reviewers are talking about when they said it was hard to install . The only trick was there was already a ceiling mount when I removed the old fan and normally there are machine screws that connect to that top-surface housing . In the instructions it told you to use longer screws to drill past those holes , past the existing wiring and into the wood on top of the box . It was a bit tricky , but easily doable . Like I said , I am redoing all my rooms , which means all the lights/fans have to go . This , by far , was the easiest to install . I actually comes with a hook to hang the motor mount to the ceiling plate . This may be new , or common , but I 've installed 3 fans already and none of them had this . Because of that one small feature , this fan installation for one person is a piece of cake . Other reviewers are kind of right in that it is as different from the next as any fan is ... types of screws and you have to read the instructions a few time to make sure what you 're reading is matching up -LRB- one section said to remove the screws , but they were already removed and the pic was clearly a different housing unit than the one I was working with , but they were already removed . In conclusion , for me the only thing I have to judge the fan on is aesthetics and installation ease and I am happy with both . Because I work long hours in addition to doing everything over in my house , I 'd say 85 % of my house products are ordered via the web and I NEVER give reviews but , since this fan was that much different and easier to install from the others I felt I had to give a positive review of it ... God bless the hook . I am not a pro , but I feel confident saying that ANYONE can connect this fan ... anyone !
 I love the fan but I 'm not happy with Amazon . I thought I was getting a good deal on this gorgeous and unique fan until I saw the same fan at a local Menards -LRB- Hardware and home-improvement store -RRB- in Indianapolis for $ 74 less . Since I 'm supposed to be reviewing the product and not my purchase experience from Amazon ... I 'll continue . I bought the fan to hang outside under a pergola . So , it was important that the fan is rated for wet locations and this fan is just that . In addition , it is more powerful that I thought and quiet . The sails are different and nice looking . Overall , I 'll give the fan 10 out of 10 !
 Nice fan , but it does not balance like others with the weighted tape . Does fine on low and medium , but wobbles on high.Have written Hunter for a solution to this problem.Update : Wow ... Hunter was quick to solve the problem and sent new `` balanced '' blades which solved the problem . Dealing with companies such as this is worth the money . Great company ; great fan.Bought a second one for a rental , and it works just great.Allow some time to install . It 's not really simple , and be sure to have a magnetic phillips and screwdriver for small screws in tight places.Love the design , and it 's rock solid .
 I have had the Hunter Sanibel ceiling fan for a couple months . It is uniquely beautiful . I have had to make many purchase decisions during our home remodel , and the decision to purchase this beautiful fan is one of the best decisions I have made . It hangs at the top of a high stairwell and it was not an easy place to install a fan . It is very quiet , has 3 speeds and the cloth sail cloth blades fit in with my coastal beach house . I did go to home depot and purchase a remote control to operate the fan and light , at a cost of almost $ 50.00 . I also purchased a 12inch extending rod so that it hung lower from the vaulted ceiling I have . It is fairly easy to assemble . Hire a pro to install it .
 Love the style and operation I bought another one!The ` cloth ' blades clean easily , moves plenty of air BUT ONLY in one direction , even though the description says it is reversible , my two came with one-direction only , no switch to change direction - must be a misprint .
 Well constructed , durable , quiet . Only goes one direction . Takes about 45 min to assemble & hang . I have n't seen this in stores . It is unique in design and works well .
 I love the uniqueness of this fan . The motor is super quiet and the configuration of the blades really move air well .
 We received out Otter Box Sanibel ceiling fan quickly from Amazon with no problems . We unpacked the parts -LRB- all present and accounted for -RRB- then proceeded to install . Everything was great with fan operating smoothly and quietly . The final step is installation of the light globe . It was only when we took it from the packing and held it up that we could see cracks along the top where metal wraps around the neck of the globe . The glass literally is made to screw onto the the fan and this was the section that was cracked . No way it was going to install so we had a great fan with a bare bulb hanging down . No problem , right ? Hunter has a good rep for handling customer problems . I called the toll free number and listened for 47 minutes to a recording telling me how important my call was when I finally was able to speak to a customer rep. He took my info including my phone number and proceeded to tell me that they were phasing out this model and had no globes to send for replacement . He then offered to send a replacement fan that they did have in stock saying I could remove the globe and return to the rest to them . That worked for me . All he needed was a 4 digit number from the top of our installed fan . Having put the ladder away , my husband hurried to retrieve it and to get said number while the rep waited . As he was calling out the number I got disconnected from Hunter . I thought surely the rep would try calling me back -LRB- he had my number , after all -RRB- but no such luck . I called back immediately and once again began my long wait for customer service . Every minute and a half a voice comes on telling you how important your call is . It 's enough to make you postal ! After 25 minutes of holding , I had to leave for a family dinner . As soon as I returned home I called AGAIN but this time Hunter was closed . They did not give their hours of operation so I will try again tomorrow -LRB- Sunday -RRB- and hope they will have someone to take my call . I ca n't waste time at work trying to reach them . I do n't blame them for the broken globe . It was well packaged , things happen . But customer service should be just that , SERVICE . I hope we can get the issue resolved . We like the fan .
 My husband hated putting these up -LRB- we ordered two -RRB- . He says they were the most difficult fans he 's ever mounted . One of the fans came with a broken globe , so we called the manufacturer and the immediatly sent a new one . The second one came and did n't fit . So , we are waiting for number three . I really like the aesthetics of the fan . We have them outside on our covered patio .
 This product arrived quickly , as described , and at a price nearly $ 100 less than retail stores . I could n't be more pleased .
 I am glad to be able to find this product . I use mine so much I do wear them out . At least I can find them now . Thanks hgr .
 I have had my EZ Reacher for about 10 years now . All I needed was new cups for it . Now it is as good as new . Here is to another ten years !
 Installed 4 weeks ago and it was done in a day . Note you need a 5 '' vent pipe so figure replacing your old 3 '' . Water is hot in about 10 to 15 sec . . Would buy again !
 I put this water heater into my guest house , where I generally have 2-6 people most weekends , to replace a traditional 40-gallon tank . It 's working great . My only warning to potential buyers is that it cost me $ 750 to have it installed .
 I have put four Bosch on-demand water heaters into use on my own properties . They worked GREAT for me when :1 -RRB- Setting the temperature all the way to the top or almost all the way ... when the temp is set to the mid-range , the water takes forever to warm the pipes , before it gets to you , so you might not find it hot enough , but be certain not to deliver scalding water . About 100 to 102 degrees F is a good shower temp .2 -RRB- Allowing for the time , energy , and expense and PITA of installing a 5 inch flue all the way up and the additional height it might need .3 -RRB- Removing flow restrictors from the shower and faucet heads ... this helps a lot , especially in sinks . You must have a lot of flow to turn it on . Do n't expect warm water when trickling from the hot faucet ... you wo n't get it . Most faucets will have to be turned on at least 75 % of max to get hot water .4 -RRB- Lots of GPM helps in general . .3 / 4 water supply line with a minimum of 40GPM , and 50 would be better.I have used both the LP and Propane versions . I love these things and have never had a leak .
 I have had one of these for about 2 years . I have very hardwater and have had no issues.I always have very hot water sometime the flow is a little less then I want ; but I 'm notgoing to complain at all . I really like this thing.I never had any issue with it.I use a direct vertical vent so I do n't need a fan . It was a bit of a pain to install compared to pvc ; butworks perfectly .
 This is really good light for lanscaping . The transformer used is the most important . I bought a good one and my neighbor bought a cheap one . He replaces lights every few months . Mine have been in operation for over one year now without a single replacement . Good light with good transformed equals good system .
 This item is actually available at Bed Bath & Beyond for < $ 100 ... stylish , attractive and contemporary ... my biggest gripe was the mode of packing , which was the difference between 4 and 5 star review in this case.The lamp is in 5-6 pieces which screw together pretty easily once unwrapped , all of which are secured to inner cardboard packing materials with enough packing tape to make a sadist jealous . The styrofoam breaks apart into atom sized particles , and sticks to EVERYTHING . . so opening outside is highly recommended .
 very happy with the appearance , the ease at which it was put together , and the amount of light it gives off . perfect addition to the livingroom .
 These new batteries replaced my old ones that just quit holding a charge . The price on Amazon was WAY lower than at the big box stores here in town . They work great , but if I were to do it again , I may have just purchased another tool that comes with a couple of batteries . The batteries work great , but when the sales are going , the cost difference to just get a new tool is not very significant .
 The product was described properly and was exactly as stated . I got a good deal on the purchase price . The shipment was fast and of a reasonable cost . Things just do n't get much better than that . Thanks for doing business with me .
 The 18 Volt Drill/Driver is a real powerhouse . It gets a little heavy when used for extended time but , when power is needed , it is the portable drill to use . I wish the battery life was longer but we all would wish that for all batteries . Great product .
 The product was sent in a new package , wrapped well . All the batteries charged correctly . this was a good purchase
 It is a NiCad , but you probably do n't remember how well it USED to hold a charge if you have suffered with the original batteries as long as I did -LRB- 8 years -RRB- . It is a breath of fresh air to have sustained power again !
 These batteries are MUCH better than the previous generation . My drill had more power than it ever had ! Great price and well worth the money . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Two good batteries for a good price.The NiCad 's have always worked well for what I use them for so I ca n't see paying twice as much for the lithium ion batteries .
 I bought this 2-pack of batteries to replace a pair that had worn out and no longer held a charge . I had searched my local stores , but with prices as high as $ 100 per battery , they were awfully expensive . Amazon.com was the cheapest place to find them . The shipping was prompt and they arrived in perfect condition . I will be buying this product again , if I need it .
 I just ordered replacement batteries for the set I 've had at least 5 years . They get typical ` honey-do ' use by a typical weekend repair and project guy . -LRB- drill , circular saw , recip saw , flashlight -RRB- I just used them for a bathroom tear out and remodel which seemed to kill them both , but at least they limped across the finish line for me . I think you can recycle the old ones at Home Depot .
 I got these XRPs to replace the original standard batteries that came with my 4 piece kit -LRB- hammerdrill , reciprocating saw , circular saw and light -RRB- and I have to say I am very happy that I 've upgraded to the XRPs . Even though the standard batteries lasted almost 10 years , so far I am more impressed with these from the noticeable difference in power and length of use per charge compared to the others -LRB- from when they were new -RRB- . I know this because I tested ripping some similar boards with the circular saw -LRB- which I did when I first bought the kit -RRB- and could tell that they lasted longer and cut faster than the circular saw ever had before . Now hopefully they last at least 10 years as well !
 I received this product in a timely fashion and feel that I paid a fair price for the battery pack . I would buy from this vendor again if I need anything that they carry .
 Good price on the two battery combo , they are working very well and Amazon delivered as promised .
 I have had dewalt tools for many years . I didn , t relise how weak they had become until I puchused the new batterys . I am well pleased with the batterys and with the promp service that I recived from Amazon .
 GREAT BUY FOR THE MONEY AND A TIME SAVER WHEN USING MULTIPLE-BUT NUMBER THE BATTERY SO YOU CAN REMBER WITCH ONE NEEDS CHARGING .
 Both batteries took a full charge and have been providing me with many hours of continued service . I believe you always need to charge the batteries for at least 24 hours every time they get run down .
 Simply put , they just work ! I bought one of those drill/circular saw combo kit when the 18V line was first introduced . Forgot how long it has been but the old -LRB- original -RRB- batteries are finally showing their age - each charge can only do three 8 ' cut on a 5/8 '' plywood sheet . I have the new batteries for several weeks now and I 'm still only using one of them on its first charge -LRB- ok , I do n't cut very often -RRB- . I am also happy that the `` catch '' mechanism where the battery hook onto the tool has been much improved.Important
 Looks good in the package , yet to use . Sure hope it works as advertised .
 I thought about having my old batteries rebuilt . After doing my homework I decided buying these is the more efficient way to go
 Very good buy for two batteries . My spouse think that they are much stronger thanthe batteries that came with his tools .
 I bought my DeWalt 4-piece combo set -LRB- recip saw , trim saw , drill , light -RRB- six years ago and only this month had to replace a battery . I take care of my tools . I use them hard , but follow the manufacturer 's guidance on maintenance/recharging . Granted , the replacements are expensive -LRB- $ 99.00 for a two battery combo -RRB- , but I would rather pay this amount for a reliable tool instead of paying half as much for a tool that lasts a fourth as long . Six years use out of a set of rechargeable batteries is well worth the money .
 I have had my present Dewalt 18V . driver/drill for 11 years . These are the second set of replacements I have gotten from Amazon -LRB- last set 6/2005 -RRB- My 18v . equiptment gets moderate use and the batteries are charged every couple of weeks , so I consider $ 105 for these to be a good buy .
 Love the batteries . DeWalt stays consistent . The only thing , as soon as I got them , a friend brought over his 18v Lithium ion batteries . They are just as powerful if not a little more , smaller and lighter battery . If I were to make the purchase over , I would have bought the lithium ion version . But , not disappointed with these batteries . They have worked well in my dewalt products .
 They fit and they work . My old batteries are 12 years old and were starting to slow down . I was a bit concerned they would n't work in my XR2 tools but they do . The only bad thing was the packaging . It doesnt post what the number is on the plastic to know if my recycling center will take it . My center only recycles # 1 and # 2 plastic . I can take the old batteries to Lowes to recycle them free .
 WELL PACKAGED , IDENTICAL TO ITEM I CAN PURCHASE LOCALLY , EXCEPT MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE AT AMAZON.COM . NORMAL DEWALT QUALITY . BEST WAY TO PURCHASE DEWALT BATTERIES .
 Battery as described and works as it is designed . I have recharged it a couple of times and it seems to do very well . Time will tell .
 It is a great deal for the two new items . I searched every where and could not find a price like this.Items came in fast and well packaged .
 The battery 's were brand new in the origional blister pack as were advertised . They are a perfect addition to a drill pack . Very satisfied !
 I ordered my two 18v xrp batteries just before Christmas . I received them ahead of schedule & they were just as explained in the listing . I 'm very happy with this order . Thanks
 I like the XRP batt due to its working life . Ive had both , and feel these last a bit longer . Not just that , but when the L-Ion are done with a charge , they stop , abruptly . If you get the L-Ion , it will take a while to get over ... . always stoping to make sure its the batt , and not the tool . Its nice to know when a batt is getting low in charge , so you dont start a new task and have it die mid task . I now own a bunch after the Dewalt deal here the other day , and am loving them . Be sure and follow this `` Guide '' : Keep above freezeing ... Not out in the workshop or GarageTry not to half use and charge ... Use and then recharge -LRB- unless you know it will be a while till next JOB -RRB- Inbetween , keep charged , I rotate them inbetween Jobs to allow a top off of charge and conditioning.The skill saw heats the Batts , A LOT . . Be sure to allow to cool after .
 I was extremely pleased . The batteries I purchased were received as promised plus they were received ahead of schedule . I would purchase from this vendor again and give them to date a 5 star rating .
 Awesome . These are the XRP batterys from dewalt . Best price by far I have been able to find anywhere . 100 % recomended .
 Been using these batteries for at least 6 months and there still going strong . I do n't use them daily buy fairly often .
 The only batteries i ever use even with my new dewalt tools . They last a long time in the cold weather and are reasonably priced . Have around a dozen of them for all my dewalt tools . When they go bad i will buy more unless they change entirely to lithium . PLEASE do n't !!!!! THANKS
 Had my last set for close to 10 years . Expect the same from these . Love DeWalt it always works and for many many years !
 I am happy with the purchase and the price was fantastic . I use my Dewalt drill regularly and have great battery life out of each of the batteries I purchased .
 Sometimes I could find these on sale for a pair for $ 99 , but I had n't seen them for that in some time , so looked them on on the internet . I 've had DeWalt brand tools for many years , and have used this kind of battery most of the time . I always got 4 years out of them , when I was in the remodeling business . Plenty of power at a good price .
 Excellent price for very long lasting NiCad batteries . Just bought these to replace a seven year old pair . I am a working carpenter & use my Dewalt 18 volt tools almost daily . Definitely a reliable & long lasting system .
 My son was very happy with this gift - he opened and used before Christmas because he was working on a special project !
 Ordering was easy and shipping was fast and they arrived in great shape . I got these for about half price of the big box stores . Have been using them almost daily for around a year and they are still going strong .
 DEWALT DC9096-2 18-Volt XRP 2.4 Amp Hour NiCad Pod-Style Battery arrived on time priced perfect in good condition very happy with purchase from start to finish cheers
 currently have 13 dewalt cordless tools and now have 8 batteries . you can never have too many batteries for your jobs
 I have five tools that use this battery after four years of hard use it was time to replace the Batterys . Price was right and so far it was a great buy
 We use these in a commercial maintenance setting where we do n't want to run out of battery power . These last much longer than the regular batteries .
 I am really amazed at the power and the lenght of operation of the dewalt 18v nicad system . I have many of the dewalt tools that work with these batteries , having cordless saws , drills , impact drivers is very convenient .
 I wish I had more tools to utilize both batteries . Keeps my 13 year old power drill alive and strong . The batteries hold their charge very well .
 Good price for two batteries-we were offered the same price for one-so we got two for the price of one
 Works great so far . Always seems to hold a good charge . The price was not bad , however , Lowes just advertised the same 2pk for $ 99 . I also did not realize these batteries can be rebuilt . I would invest in a lithium powered drill and driver , but my 18v drill is still like new and I also have an 18v angle grinder .
 The best price I could find . Shipping was fast . I was replacing old batteries with the same . I have 8 and buy about 2 per year as a non-professional handiman . I 'm getting from 1 to 5 years from the batteries . The one that failed the first year were replaced by the Dewalt for free .
 I needed to replace my old batteries of four years for my -LRB- 5 -RRB- DeWalt power tools and although I think these are over pricedfor the older nicad type batteries , it is less than buying new tools or switching to the more expensive lithium type.I ca n't complain about the nicads for the amount of time and as hard as I have used them so for me it was a worth whilepurchase . The cost through Amazon was much less than from the other big stores .
 This is the second time I have purchased DeWalt batteries from Amazon companies and I am VERY satisfied with both the price and the performance . . I will do it again , when the need arises . .
 Good pricing , shipped and delivered on time ... these XPs charge quickly and provide a long operating time between charges.Good deal .
 The Dewalt rechargeable batteries are as good as any product on the market . I 've had Black & Decker , Interstate and Sears products and the Dewalt stomps all those other brands .
 Great product , fast shipping & good value . Would recommend to all my friends and will probably do businesses with again in future .
 My first combo pack drill and saw came with two batteries and a charger outstanding . Give them to my son . Replace with a bigger combo package more tools.The bigger combo pack batteries died before my first combo pack batteries there still working strong . That 's been about fifteen years ago . Charged the replacement batteries works great !
 I love these batteries . They last a long time on one charge . I 've owned the regular Ni-cad batteries and they just did not last long enough .
 These batteries work great ! They are an upgrade from the smaller ones that came with my drill . These last a lot longer . I do recommend them .
 BATTIERS WERE A XMAS GIFT AND AS FAR AS I KNOW THEY WORKING FINE . I HAVE NOT HEARD ANYTHING MORE .
 Very good product . They hold a charge for a long time and are worth the money . I recommend this product .
 These 18v batteries by Dewalt rock . Good power , long life and not too heavy . The price was good and as a primer no shipping cost . I would recommend these to anyone who appreciates good quality pro style tools , the cheap fakes are only good for the couple times a year user . A few extra batteries and then you can just buy the &#34; bare tool &#34; at a great price compared to the -LRB- tool , battery and charger kit -RRB- at HD or Lowes , etc. .
 Good price vs Home Depot . I could not pass up when I saw this . I did purchase a XRP cordless , XRP does suck up more power from the battery . Now I have 4 battery for jobs I do .
 All of the power tools that I use on a regular basis are the DeWalt 18 Volt variety . I always have at least 10 of these batteries on hand and on rotating charge so they are always ready . This pair of batteries are the 29th and 30th that I 've had over the past ten years . It 's easy to see that I 'm a dedicated DeWalt tool power user !
 The price was the best and the delivery was top notch . If the battery life of these batteries are as good as the first you will have a repeat order . Very good purchase .
 my old rechargables were not holding a charge very long - these fit the bill nicely and were very reasonably priced ! glad i bought them !
 Been using these models since Dewalt came out with the 18v system . They last about three years around my shop at home .
 UNFORTUNALY RECIEVING THIS ITEM WAS AN ISSUE BUT A YEAR LATER THEY ARE STILL RUNNING STRONG . . AND MY HUSBAND USES THEM NONSTOP IN THE CONSTRUCTION BUISNESS
 Seemed like good quality to me . I would buy this item again . Gret price , better than the local &#34; discount &#34; tool store . Worked as intended .
 Lithium is nice but the price is ridiculous . These do everything needed and are reasonably priced . Brand new , unlike some used or refurbs out there . Be careful shopping for these !
 These perform as advertised , are a good price , easy to use , durable , I would recomend them to anyone needing these .
 My old dewalt batteries lasted more than 5 years and I thought maybe its time for new replacemnt . power tools batteries should be recharged first before using it but I couldnt resist testing them ! It still got power right out of the box ! Thats how versatile dewalt power tools are ! I have no doubt in my mind recommending dewalt to anyone !
 The Amazon price was 20 percent below home improvement and hardware stores . DeWalt batteries hold their charge better than any other except the new lithium ion . Would recommend Amazon for excellent pricing of the best batteries for one of the best power tool makers .
 This product is of very high quality and performs very well . It is noteworthy that the price I paid was less than 1/2 of what I found locally in a larger urban area .
 What is to say about replacement batteries . They either work , or they do n't work . These worked . There really is n't much else to say about rechargeable batteries !
 I really like the XRP batteries . Last longer than my Ryobi ones by a long margin . Nice to get a pair of these for $ 75 , too .
 this package deal is the best thing since sliced bread . why buy one at seventy bucks when you can get two for ninety nine !
 Excellent buy ! Received it quicker than estimated date of arrival . Been using it and it works great.Highly recommended , excellent buy for the good price .
 The batteries arrived in excellent condition and were delivered via USPS before the Amazon estimated time . Both batteries were in a single retail package and both had the samemanufacturers date code of 2011-34 . I mention this because of a review I read here on the same battery . Both batteries charged up fine and I will be updating this review in a couple ofmonths to provide further observations .
 These batteries work perfectly in my 10-year old DeWalt drill and gave it new life and power . Amazon had the best price by far . I will definitely look at this again next time the batteries wear out .
 I bought these to replace my rapidly fading 6-year-olds and have been very pleased thus far . NiCad is pretty outdated by now , but DeWalt seems to keep tweaking things to get these batteries to perform better than older versions of the same model . I bought a kit back in 1998 , then replaced batteries in 2004 or -05 , and am now replacing those , as the original saw still works well and I have a new replacement drill body . These new batteries have a date stamp from November 2010 , so quite new , and came in the standard 2-pack clamshell , so there did n't appear to be any shenanigans as in other reviews . They really pack a punch and seem to last longer than the old ones did when new if my memory serves . Overall , I 'm very pleased and got exactly what I expected .
 The batteries I received arrived quickly after being purchased . I had even saved a little over 10 % from the local stores I had check on for these batteries . As A product I charged -LRB- as recommended -RRB- and then I went to work . While I would normally have used them both I was still using the 1st one when I had finished my project . I just put the new one on the put the drill away until next project my wife comes up with . IT did what I needed it to do and did it very impresively I might add .
 I was very pleased with the replacement batteries for my Dewalt 18 volt drill . They were the exact replacement batteries . The cost was half the price of Lowe 's and Batteries plus .
 It was really nice to install a fresh set of batteries into my drill . I can drill longer and still have enough power for my saw . The price was better than most home improvement stores . Being able to buy them in sets is really nice too .
 The quality of the batteries is excellent . The batteries last quite a while and stay charged for a while as well . The shipping time turn around is also a help . Also got ta love the free shipping .
 Have had good luck with dewalt batteries so far . These two are replacing some that were about eight years old . -LRB- I do try to keep them out of extreme temps and properly charged as instructed but they have served me well -RRB- Time will tell on these new ones because life is everything on batteries in my opinion .
 Smart way to increase the usefullness of you battery powered Dewalt tool set . Arrived Next day !
 These are OEM replacement . The cost was well below anywhere else . I purchased two for slightly more than a single unit could be found from the ` big box ' stores .
 DEWALT DC9096-2 18-Volt XRP 2.4 Amp Hour NiCad Pod-Style Battery , 2 PackThis is the second order of batteries I have purchased , and have had no problem with them so far . Being a construction company , we use them all the time , and it is nice to know I can order from you and actually get exactly what I ordered . Thanks !
 Glad I got these . The extra batteries came in handy on a few jobs already when I had 3 or -LRB- once -RRB- four tools in use at the same time . They came free when I purchased the DEWALT DCK555X 18-Volt XRP 5 Tool Combo Kit . Now I think they are $ 92.00 , still much better than $ 130 in the big box stores .
 There is a reason that you see so many DEWALT products on the home shows . They work , and the XRP NiCads have plenty of runtime , whether it is in a drill , a sawzall or a 5 3/8 '' circular saw . Of course it would be nice if the overall weight of the tool and the battery was more like the newer Lithium Ions , but I am not ready replace all of my 18 volt tools just so my wife can use them .
 I 've had no problem with these batteriesa and the dates were current on them . My last ones are from 2005 so it was time for new ones since the old ones were n't holding a charge longer than 20 mins . Do n't hesitate to buy from Amazon . You will get these CHEAPER from Amazon than you will at your hardware store . Lowest price , No tax , No Shipping & Handling charges you ca n't go wrong with Amazon .
 I do home repair and maintenance . About 98 % of all my tools are DeWalt . Excellent product , batteries interchangable . Batteries last a minimum of 3 years , most a lot longer.Great Product
 This two-pack is a great deal . No need to say anything about the product , since you already know about DeWalt 's high standards if you own their 18v XRP equipment . The one thing I will say
 I have had these batteries for about 3 years . They have out lasted the originals and are still going strong .
 I received the pair of batteries , charged them both and they worked as good as when my drill was new 5 years ago . They both hold the charge for days . I did later find them at Home Depot for $ 10 less - and I do n't believe it was a sale . They used to be about $ 80 a piece at Ace Hardware.Prof . B
 Worm out batteries made my combo DeWalt drill and circular saw unuseable . New batteries gave them new life - like new .
 DeWalt DC9096 XRP 18-Volt 2.4 Amp Hour NiCad Pod Style BatteryI ordered and received in a timly manner and as always they worked perfectly
 Saved about 50 % then if I bought them in the store . I also got their free shipping which ended up being delevired 4-5 days faster then I thought it would . No problems at all .
 I ca n't add much to what others have said . No reason to review the drill motor here , this page is for replacement batteries . These batteries are original replacements from DeWalt . They shipped quickly , and went right to work with no problems .
 Price and deleivery sell . If you have any tools that require a new battery you ca n't beat it .
 Recieved battery pack within a couple of days and have been using the batteries every since .
 I needed to replace the two original 18 volt batteries that came with my Dewalt 18 volt drill/driver as the batteries would no longer hold a charge . The DC9096 18 volt batteries look like the replacement but my drill was not listed as compatible with the DC9096 , however , the probably was high they would be compatible so I ordered them . The new batteries work fine . Although they still represent the old battery technology . Neither Dewalt or Amazon offer a way to recycle/properly dispose of the old batteries .
 plenty of power , lasts long enough to do the job , and charges back up fast.my sencond set.great just great .
 what can I say it is a DeWalt battery , it just took 2 weeks to get much too long .
 I bought this for use with the DeWalt drill and am very satisfied with the results . The XRP batteries last longer than the average batteries and this 2 pack is at a great price considering most stores sell just one battery for around $ 80.00 .
 Original , I believe identical , pack lasted about 4 years of light use -LRB- hobbyist -RRB- on my drill . A little costly , though .
 Buying the 2-pack reduces per battery cost significantly . Best price I could find anywhere . Very Satisfied .
 My old batteries had finally died and I was going to send them to an Ebay seller who replaces insides but Amazon.com had this deal that was about the same price for new upgraded batteries . How could I go wrong ?
 These battereries were just what I needed and at the best price that I could find . And they arrived quickly .
 great price ! -LRB- because these things are too expensive to begin with -RRB- shipped quick!they are working great , I use them every day!Thanks , Jeff
 was what we ordered good product was replacement to older dewalt set.didn ' t like that packaging was hard to open but would recommend these if you needed replacement battery packs
 My husband requested these and he 's VERY happy with them . He 's always been pleased with DeWalt products . This one did n't fail him .
 Good to have around the house or workshop . Reasonable charging time and perfect fit . Great to have as spare or replacement battery .
 Needed to replace a bunch of these . NiCad does n't last more than a few years . I hope I can get at least 2 years of good life from these.DEWALT DC9096-2 18-Volt XRP 2.4 Amp Hour NiCad Pod Style Battery , 2 Pack
 What can I say . I use my Dewalt tools everyday . I am still amazed by the power of these rechargeable battery-operated tools . The batteries last effectively between 1-3 years before I wear them out . I number and date the batteries and I rotate their usage to get the most out of them . They charge -LRB- after the first time -RRB- in a half hour . They are expensive but worth it .
 The product arrived in excelant condition , in 1/2 the time advertised , and has worked well since I received it . I am considering the purchase of a similar pack for my Dewalt screw gun , and will start my search here.Clay
 I cant believe how much better these are than the old ones . I charged both batteries a month ago when I got them , and I 'm still on the first battery ! I dont use them for work , but my drill see 's use every day or two . The price for the 2 pak is great also . When I saw how much the batteries were in the store I was going to buy a whole new drill -LRB- although I love my old drill -RRB- . After all , it wasnt too much more money . Then I found the 2 pak on Amazon and was shocked to see how low the price was . Now I get to keep my trusty DeWalt drill and it runs just like new .
 Great price for a two pack of these batteries . They 're just as good as the originals . Royce Linn , MO
 Just as advertized New batteries clean and in original packing last as long as all dewalt batteries of this type -LRB- NICAD -RRB-
 HAVE NOT USED , BUT HAVE CHARGED THEM . KNOW THEY WILL PERFORM AS WELL AS MY OTHER DEWALT BATTERIES HAVE IN THE PAST .
 Power for any of the 18 volt Dewalt Tools!There is not much else to say for these work horses !
 I use my cordless tools allot in my work . I have to replace a couple batteries about every two years and found these to be the best price and deal at the time of need .
 my tools are charged and ready to go when the time is right to use them . for work of or home
 Went to a local chain on black Friday and paid the exact same price for just one of these . Finding the 2 for the price of 1 bargain on Amazon allowed me supercharge my gift giving and fill up under the tree for less , which meant double the gifts for my husband . Quality shipping and in-time for Christmas as well . Well done !!!
 Love always having a charged battery . Being in the middle of a project and running it of attend power is so frustrating !
 Original High Quality NIMH Replacement Batteries . They last me from 3-6 years and fit all my original 18v tools . The second set I bought from here .
 These batteries are powerful and hold a charge for quite a while . They seem to charge pretty quick and last .
 I have used the NiCad batteries for the past six months in my demolition business . They get the job done , charge up in a short period of time and have performed flawless in my Dewalt drill
 I own/run a low voltage company in St. Louis . We pre-wire houses for phone/TV/networking , install intercoms , security , and central vacuum systems , and home theatres as well . We currently have 20 + DeWalt 18volt cordless tools and at least that many batteries . We are constantly asked by carpenters , plumbers , electricians , and competitiors how the tools hold up.We can drill 100 + 3/4 holes on one battery every day with no problem . We can drill 10 + 2 1/4 '' holes with a DeWalt self feed bit on one battery . The recip saw , the circular saw , the angle grinder , and the flashlights all work flawlessly . We even have the vacuums so we can clean up after ourselves.Now the old batteries -LRB- all black -RRB- last about 1 year for regular use . We have a few new batteries -LRB- yellow top -RRB- that are a little over a year old that show no sign of slowing down.We have found that when it is cold they do not last as long . Also the charge needs to be in a semi warm area -LRB- not in a garage -RRB- . Also , the battery needs to be drained most of the way before charging . Repeated recharging of a half dead battery dramatically reduces the life . But any battery manufacturer will tell you that .
 I 'm hearing a lot of complaints about the batteries . Face it , the batteries are based on NiCad technology . NiCad are not known for infinite shelf-life , has a memory , and absolutely hates to be placed on a charger for extended periods of time.Now knowing all the good and bad things about NiCads , these batteries are absolutely no different than you will find in any other system using NiCads . If you do n't understand the why your batteries are dying off so quickly , it most likely can be explained by researching the things to do and not do to NiCads.I 've beat the hell out of the tools and the batteries and still manage to get an excess of 2yrs of service out of these batteries . If you open one of these up , all you find is a series of sub-C NiCad batteries in them . Count them up and just go price sub-C NiCad batteries with the same Amp-Hr rating . You will soon fine that even if you tried to replace the batteries into the existing battery case , it is still cheaper and easier to buy replacements.Rechargable batteries of any technology do NOT have infinite life . With absolutely following standard practice care of the battery type , you can extend this life to the theoritical max . That is hard to do on the job site when you need to get the job done quick . I use the 15min . charger , which is great but at a significant cost in service life of the batteries . You are never supposed to charge the batteries while they are hot . This means if you run it down at the job site , you should n't be placing them into a rapid charger . You should have enough spare batteries to get you busy while letting a natural battery rotation occur that insures they are cool when you charge . Slow charging extends the life of the batteries as well by getting internal temperatures lower . You should never leave a NiCad on a charger . You should run down the NiCad battery before charging to help avoid memory.You can mention any battery technology and there are do 's and do n'ts . I 've had Lithium Ion batteries in a cell phone last less than 1yr . It all depends on your battery usage habits . Once you understand what you are supposed to do to extend the batteries life , you can usually figure out pretty quickly why you are not getting the life you expected.Good solid product . I 'd buy them again without hesitation . And I have yet to see any group of cordless tool manufacture 's use a standard battery interface so that you can use the same battery in different brands of cordless tools . So being locked-in to a particular cordless tool manufacturer is a given.This is all the price you pay for being cordless . The only way around all this is to pull out the ole 50 ' extension cord.IMHO
 I was n't going to bother to write a review for a couple of replacement power cells , until I saw some of the other opinions , here . I am very pleased with all the DeWalt equipment I use . The batteries do a fine job of powering everything except the circular saw - that one lacks guts.I used my original power cells for a couple of years before they died of old-age and recharging . I am confident that they lasted for the number of rechargings that DeWalt promises . I followed the guidelines , and only occasionally hit the reconditioner button on the charging cycle . The people who get such short lives out of these power cells may not be bothering to use that feature of their DeWalt charger.Yes , I am pleased with these replacements . They work well , and are the genuine DeWalt parts . Yes , I 've had a really good experience with these power cells . Yes , I 'd recommend them .
 I have used Dewalt 18 volt tools for several years and a 24 volt saw for the last 3 years . Out of 5 18 volt batteries only one died after 2 years of use and it was used when I got it . The 24 volt saw has only one battery and it works as good as the day I bought it . These tools are used almost daily and I dont do a good job of taking care of them .
 Well , after being initially sticker shocked from thinking that I would run up to one of the big box home improvement stores and pick up a couple of new batteries for my drill , I had to rethink my strategy ! A single battery was ~ $ 90 each.After searching Amazon , I was pleasantly surprised to find two batteries for not much more . The batteries arrived in perfect condition and work great.Also a side note . I thought my 6 year old batteries were trashed because I could n't get more than about 5 mins of use out of them . I also ordered the DW9116 charger -LRB- ~ $ 16 -RRB- through Amazon with my order . This is a standard one hour charger , but it also has a tune up mode that kicks in after the battery has charged . Man , this thing WORKS ! My old DeWalt batteries are as good as new . Strong and seem to run forever . If I would have had one of these , I would n't have needed to order new batteries yet . I also plugged in a couple of Black and Decker Firestorm 9.6 batteries that have been dead for a few years . It even revived those batteries.If you have a DeWalt charger , make sure it has the tune-up mode/conditioner feature ! If not , order the one listed above and you wo n't be disappointed !
 The Dewalt tool system works very well . The weak link is , of course , the batteries . Mine lasted three years but it was my fault they needed to be replaced . I have a number of friends who have never had a problem , some who use them every day , and others who use them once in a while . The killer of these batteries is temperature . You will kill them if you run them in the summer til they are hot to the touch then try and charge them right away . Or , as in my case , you use and charge them in the cold . They also do n't like getting wet . Boat owners have told me they only last a year on the salt water . Last winter I left my two batteries in my unheated garage with one of them plugged in all winter . The one that was plugged in never worked again and the other one only had about half of its capacity left . This was not Dewalts fault . I 'm happy to get two new batteries for $ 99 .
 My existing batteries are lame and they are the second pair I got for my 5-tool kit . That second pair did n't seem to last as long as the originals and these new ones seem to be less than the rip-roaring amazing power vaults I remember from when my tools were new . Maybe the tools are old , maybe I 'm remembering a youth of enthusiasm and sunshine that has faded . Maybe they 're not putting as awesome cells into the new XRP batteries . These are certainly good enough.Customer service answered right away and said I did n't need to worry about charging a certain amount of time before using or depleting completely before recharging . No fuss , just plug 'em into your tool . They guy did say the capacity might actually improve over the first 3 or 4 chargings . I think he said it 's a plus if you have the charger that includes conditioning .
 I used often battery tools and I need good battery , now with those great product I never lost time when I work . I am very satisfy about every things , delivery ect ...
 Nov. 2010 . Bought these battery 's - still going strong , Great price & what I needed quickly @ the time.thanks for having them.happy in S.Va .
 The batteries work great they last a long time in between needing to charge the batteries . The old Dewalt batteries I replaced I have had for about four to five years and only one of the two batteries actually needed to be replaced . The one that has gone bad will only last about ten minutes of continuous use depending on the job and the other old battery still holds a charge for a long time of continuous use . The batteries and the drill motor seem to be non destructible I have dropped my drill motor four of five times since I bought this Dewalt drill motor , each time they dropped on concrete from a distance of about five feet and they did not chip , break , come apart , I picked it up and it just kept on working I love my Dewalt tools and so far after about two months since I received my new Dewalt batteries and using them for the last two months I have no complaints with my new Dewalt Batteries I recommend them to anyone especially from Amazon who had the best price and a full factory warranty .
 Great price - prompt delivery - good deal . This is the same quality as the major box stores at about half of the cost . I am glad I replaced my dead batteries with fresh OEM ones .
 I have owned my DeWalt power tools for 9 years and they still work great . The batteries had died , but these two new ones work great . I would highly recommend the DEWALT tools to everyone . The new battery is working good , charged and ran tools for hours .
 while they hare ni-cad , which is a dated tech for batteries , these are quite impressive and have plenty of power capacity . charged them a few days after giving them to my father for fathers day as he was using a cordless drill from the 90 's that had a whopping 5 minutes of battery life . these last days on end with very heavy use in the XRP drill/driver/impact . you just need be worried about them dieing if you charge them and leave them be for a long time -LRB- say , 2-3 weeks -RRB- . other than that , very nice for the price .
 I had 3 batteries for my dewalt products , none would keep a charge . I got these and have having very good luck with them . So glad I got them .
 I used the batteries for my Dewalt sawsall and my Dewalt drill . After a chargeto make sure they were fully charged I used them in contructiong an addition tomy deck . They both worked great and as I only had one before it was a welcomerelief not to be switching batteries all the time . Now I have three and lifeis much simpler .
 We were already using this tool in our Electrical and Air Conditioning business in Tyler TX . This item was purchased to rig out a new truck . These work great , batteries last and interchangable with our other tools , lots of power , We use these tools daily . Highly Recommended , Russell
 I been meaning to buy some new batteries and seen these on for $ 95.00 I have bought one on ebay for $ 35.00 , but have n't been able to catch the bargin again . These batteries should be coming down i price SOON , as they are old tech . I was going to go to local Home depot , where they are about the same price , but this was a little handier . I probably invest in a Makita Li on set next time .
 These batteries are a great price and work great . Bought two sets and gave one to my father in law he is very happy .
 Completely satisfied with the product and price . Delivered as promised on time and packaged properly . Got two for the price that I would have paid at the local store .
 I got these for my husband for Christmas using a great Dewalt $ 25 off deal . He went from having one dead useless battery to two brand new ones and he loves it . So glad he can use his tools again .
 We have been purchasing Dewalt tools and batteries for many years . The two-pack of batteries we purchased from Amazon was less expensive than those we have purchased from local retailers . We have been completely satisfied with everything we 've purchased through Amazon and , on the rare occasion that there is a problem with the product , Amazon works with us quickly to take care of the problem .
 The new DeWalt XRP DC9096 batteries have a longer run time then the original DC9099 and use the same charger ! Great price at Amazon and I also get points with my Amazon Chase Visa , when Amazon is the seller !
 Good price for two 18 volt Dewalt XPR batteries . I thought XPR -LRB- NiCad -RRB- was better than Lithion Ion Battery considering how the charged is drained .
 Used these batteries before . Long life . Dependable service . Priced much cheaper than my last set -LRB- $ 25 discount/paid $ 75 for pair -RRB- . Amazon 's free delivery was quicker than I expected . I am totally satisfied with this purchase .
 The order arrived in a timely fashion and the batteries were as presented . They charged up to full power and have been put to use with no problems .
 GOOD BRAND AND RECEIVED IT IN A TIMELY MANNER.IT 'S NICE TO ORDER `` ON LINE '' & HAVE THE MERCHANDISE YOU ORDER , WORK !
 These batteries are a good value . They are indeed heavier than the new Li-Ion but they are also about half the price . In addition , since I have the Ni-Cad tools these fit perfectly in my tools where the new Lithium batteries do n't . I had both Li and Ni-Cad in my cart and went with these . I am pleaed that I did .
 This product came exactly as represented by amazon and arrived much sooner than i could ever imagined . kudos to amazon.com for amazing service
 The batteries are fantastic , my drill has never run stronger or longer!The drill should have come with these batteries from the beginning . They really made the drill come to life . A must have for this drill .
 The twin pac is a great deal . Normally , locally , a single battery 18v battery will run about 90 bucks . Buying the twin pac on Amazon goes for around 120 bucks ... . For some reason , I have no idea why , it is impossible to find the twin pac in any local retail outlet , ie
 The items were shipped on time and work exactly as they should . No complaints .
 Batteries arrived in perfect condition in just a few days . Could n't have asked for quicker or better service .
 Cheaper than buying all new gear when nothing wrong with mine except for dead paks . Rcvd as promised , worked as promised .
 These replacement battery pack was just the ticket . I have all thetools and charges I just needed fresh battery and when I received themI just charged them up and they have been preforming great .
 These are new batteries selling retail for $ 89.00 EACH.The dual pack is a bargain !
 Moat of my power tools are made by DeWalt , so I have a several batteries and chargers . The price I found on Amazon was the best I could find anywhere . I paid a little more for two batteries than I would have for just one at most places .
 The price for these new , higher capacity batteries was quite close to having my old , lower capacity batteries rebuilt . They have worked quite well . Delivery was prompt and the batteries arrived in good condition .
 Everything was as expected and timely . My neighbor , who has the same drill and battery combination , decided to get his batteries from a local battery exchange/re-builder . I 've already received mine and have used them for weeks ... and he has n't even gotten by to battery store which is only open M-F to save a couple of bucks for batteries that will most likely be substandard .
 These batteries last a comfortable 40-50 % longer than the original black-top batteries in my dad 's 18-V drill/driver . He never used the tune-up button on the charger , though , so your improvement may be less , if you use it . He managed to extract about 10 % more juice from his old battery for a month or two before it gave up the ghost , just by using the tune-up button .
 which is true , I think - I 'm on my 3rd set of replacements now , works out at about every 2 years for as long as I 've had my tools - they get a lot of useage.One tip of advice , keep these batteries warm - I mistakenly left my last set out in the garage over winter -LRB- in NJ , so it 's not too bad -RRB- and they both died a death - I put them away charged , came back a couple of months later , they were flat , and I was unable to recharge either of them . Now I keep them in the basement , they last whilst not in constant use.I 've had to replace the trigger on my hammer drill / driver and the brushes once . At least the dewalt website allows you to buy any spares to replace yourself ... Interesting how the single battery costs $ 85 , yet you can buy this two pack for $ 98 ... does this mean that Dewalt can really sell a battery pack for $ 13 ... ? think about it .
 I 've had a De-Walt 12 volt xrp drill for 3 years . This drill has kept going and going including the batteries . The batteries are excellent . Finally , one battery has lost some power retention , but these batteries really last .
 If you own one , I def recommend the extra batteries if you do construction work than just a hobby . The battery life isnt great and I hate taking a break to charge things . These are inexpensive but still offer long power and quality you would expect from Dewalt !
 I needed new batteries for my cordless , and these were by far the best prices I could find for new batteries
 I purchased a two pack of Dewalt battery pack . It is great . I found the best buy here at amazon . I am very pleased with my purchase , and would purchase again . It was shipped in a very timely manner . The only problem with the whole ordeal was a mess up through `` my postoffice . '' The box was severly damaged , but with the carefull packaging , and care to the safety of the product through amazon , it was in perfect condition . Thanks again!The Whitty 's
 I went to both Lowes and Home Depot looking for this product . Neither had it in stock and the single battery choice was always bundled with a charger - which I did not need.I received the batteries much sooner than expected and have used them once and they performed better than the original batteries that came with my set.Every purchase I make with Amazon makes me more impressed with their system .
 DeWalt DC9096-2 18-Volt XRP 2.4 Amp Hour NiCad Pod Style Battery , 2 PackWe really like these batteries , my husband uses these in our remodeling business and they are a great help . No long extension cords to contend with . They are great .
 If you have DeWalt tools , this is the battery pack for you . Two 18V batteries will keep you going for quite a while . These came quickly & the price was right , so this 2-pack is highly recommended .
 Unlike almost every other manufacturers batteries , DeWalt 18 volt product lasts . I have three Craftsman tools - drill , light , and trim saw - that I no longer use as both batteries failed within a couple of years . I have some DeWalts that have lasted five years and are still trucking .
 The batteries arrived from Amazon days before the estimated delivery date . I ordered the two-pack direct from Amazon -LRB- my preferred choice -RRB- and the batteries came in a plastic packaged two pack , not taken from another kit as others have expressed . They took a charge and have been working fine for over a week . I have never had a Dewalt battery fail out of the box and anticipate these will live up to their advertised life span.Additionally , I read several reviews complaining about the price of the battery ; agreed , I would love to get these batteries for the price of oh ... say Ryobi batteries , but then I could only expect the performance of the tools they drive to be as good as the Ryobi . There is a reason Dewalt tools are tough and put out so much torque . It has a lot to do with the battery . More often than not , you get what you pay for .
 I needed replacement batteries for my dewalt tools . I received two batteries for what I could buy them in the local retail store for one .
 If you use your drill often , you have to replace the battery packs periodically . So far , these seem to be of the quality I would expect from DeWalt .
 Product is just what it claims to be . Good price , do n't have to pay for a lot of extra packaging or thrown in items you do n't need .
 I just ordered this set of two DeWalt DC9096-2 batteries to replace the two original equipment batteries that came with my DeWalt DW987 heavy-duty cordless drill/driver . The manufacturing date on my batteries is `` 200246 '' , which means they were made in the 46th week of 2002 . I purchased the drill with the batteries in May 2003 . After 8 + years , one of the batteries finally died . The other battery is still working well and holding a good charge , but I suspect it will also soon go to that Great Battery Place In The Sky.Over those 8 + years , the drill has been used for many , many DIY projects around the house and for some rebuilding work with the disaster relief team I work with , drilling into various woods , metals , decking and concrete . As with that proverbial `` energy bunny '' , the drill and batteries kept going and going and going ... I highly recommend DeWalt tools and batteries . I also STRONGLY recommend buying the `` tune-up '' charging unit , as I feel use of that unit played a BIG part in the longevity of my batteries.By the way , at the same time I purchased the drill , I also bought a DeWalt DW920 heavy duty cordless screwdriver , with two batteries -LRB- DW9057 -RRB- . The battery code on those two batteries indicates a manufacture date of the 30th week of 2002 . That power screwdriver has been used extensively now for 8 + years and both batteries are still going strong . The `` tune-up '' type charging unit can also be used to charge these smaller batteries.UPDATE -LRB- 9/28/11 -RRB-
 Not much to say . Price was good and needed extra batteries . Would be nice if these were cheaper , but that 's just wishful thinking .
 I show you what i 'm saying here DC759CA was $ 200 April 7 2011 so I got them . These were $ 86 June 19 2011 so I got them . This way I actually saved about $ 100 . DC759CA has a drill , a reciprocating saw , a charger , and two low capacity batteries . This is two high capacity batteries . Now you see I got all that for $ 286 . Compare that to some of the other kits and make your buying choice.P.S . I 'm 13 and I use my moms account .
 DeWalt products are mainly what I use in my small woodworking shop-I find them to be excellent in most every way ... I have about 25 DeWalt tools .
 Excellent service by Amazon . Batteries shipped with no damage . Excellent packaging . Shippment was on schedule . No issues with the order or the item . Highly recommend .
 I have owned a set of 18 v dewalt tools -LRB- drill , right angle drill & circular saw -RRB- for over 5 years . I use them heavily but admit I do not follow great care with the batteries and charge them hot , occasionally leave them on the charger for several days on end , and have only recently had to replace them . The saw can cut through almost anything , the key is keeping a sharp blade on it . No saw will work with a dull blade !
 The batteries so far are great ; however only time will tell when it comes to durability and longevity .
 I am very pleased with my purchase of 18-volt XRPs , they were cheap and easy to buy and the best part is the free shipping . Being a carpenter for a living I need cheap and easy accsess to tools .
 Being the owner of multiple Dewalt 18 volt power tools , this was an exceptional value . Often replacing the battery in a cordless power tool is not justified when you can replace the complete tool for a few dollars more than buying a simple replacement battery . This made my choice of staying with the same brand same voltage a good choice.Chris
 These batteries return the tools to like new performance and they were almost half price compared to buying them individually from other suppliers .
 AS always what you see is what you get . Received on time with no damage to the batteries and after charging both working fine .
 Needed extra batteries for my 18 volt tool collection , this is by far the cheapest price I found for good NiCad batteries .
 I have used Dewalt 18 volt tools for several years and my old batteries lasted about 2 years -LRB- The black ones -RRB- , and I think it is Ok . I do not use the tools every day . I am pleased with the new batteries packed in blister . They work well , and are the genuine DeWalt parts .
 THis is battery 6 and 7 for my 18V 1/2 drill.Have had the Drill 10 years so not surprising they they need replacing . Would like them to last longer bc replacement batteries have cost more than the drill . However , ca n't complain about the drill not lasting . Would like to switch to the newer Li ion batteries to see how they work but way more expensive and required a new charger . I 'll stick with these until the drill eventually breaks .
 This is the best price I have seen for these batteries.I was very pleased and they have performed without a problem .
 I buy a set of these batteries every couple of months , they work great . When they go down , just pop them on a charger and grab the one that has just been charged . You are good to go again . When I need to buy these , I always get them the next day . Great service .
 These batteries work fine for my Dewalt tools . I keep 4 of them around and rotate them in my tools to keep them fresh . The only downside was the incredibly hard to open retail package they come in . I do n't believe shoplifting is much of a problem with online purchases .
 the battery 's are great , lot 's of power , i wont rebuild the battery again . they were cheaper to buy two newer style xrp battery 's than to buy one rebuilt battery i lerned the hard way .
 I shopped around for replacement batteries for my Dewalt drill and was very happy with the deal I found . Both batteries charged up and worked great on projects I have been working on .
 We love our Dewalt battery operated power tools . . It 's unreal how much torque they have . The batteries hold up very well ! ,
 After a number of years on my original DeWalt batteries they became useless and literally would work for 2 - 3 minutes . They were completely useless which rendered my DeWalt 18 V tools useless . I finally concluded I was either going to buy new battery tools or find a couple of 18V XRP 's that I could afford . Looking at local home centers , if I could even find them available , they ranged in cost from $ 118 each to almost $ 180 for a package of 2 , which made me think about a whole new set of tools . After browsing Amazon.com I came accross the two pack Dewalt replacement for under $ 100 bucks ! I jumped at the opportunity and its been one of the best purchases I 've made . After all , I got my tools back , working again like new and have enjoyed many hours so far on these batteries .
 Purchased for a 10 year old Dewalt drill . Existing batteries would not charge . These replacement batteries seem to be great , and will extend the use of the drill for years .
 the Nicad batteries charged much faster that the old Dewalt batteryies that I have used upteen years . Battery fits all of my 18 volt tools .
 I am very please with these dewalt batteries . I 've been putting off purchasing these batteries but due to the bery good price , I decided to buy them from Amazon and I could not be more pleased with them .
 These batteries were a great price and work well I saved about $ 40.00 buying here thanks for the value.You can not go wrong buying this product at this price .
 heavier than I thought but a great product . works but I have n't used it yet !! it arrived sooner than expected .
 This is a really good deal if you need a backup or have multiple tools to use . Price was much better than any store that I checked out .
 Only used them a couple of times so far but they fit my tools well and recharge as I thought they would .
 Works good last about 2 yrs on average . Do n't drop them it will shorten life of battery . For the price it is the best all around deal .
 More Power Scotty ! And by Spock you shall have it in your power tools with this dual pack . Yep EEE !
 The last time my husband purchased these batteries was 5 years ago and he is just now needing replacements ! He uses them a lot , so that 's saying something about the life of the battery . We could n't pass up Amazon 's deal ... we saved about $ 40 ! Well worth it . : -RRB-
 These NiCad batteries can be used on many of the Dewalt tools - I have quite a few tools that use that battery and I continually rotate the charging cycle so that I always have a fresh , fully charged battery .
 I chose to get this two pack of Dewalt batteries when Amazon had the promotional discount on all Dewalt products . It brought the unit cost down as low as I have ever been able to purchase these XRP 's . Half of my tools are Dewalt cordless and I am extremely dependent and rough on my batteries so having extra 's will be nice .
 these batteries give long and useful lives so long as they are taken care of . average life of these batteries is five years of heavy use for me and i own at least 12 tools that use these batteries .
 My Dewalt Batts are one of the best investments I 've made since I bought My kit -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . I would love to buy more but funds prohibit it !
 As my older surviving batteries began to fail , I ponied up for these . Suddenly , all my DeWalt Tools came back stronger and longer than I even remember !!! Pricey w/out the discounts and sale prices together , but it worked out well for my timing !!
 These batteries are identical to the ones on the shelf at my local store , but are a much lower price . I recommend them to anyone that needs batteries for their DeWalt tool
 Saw the same 2-Pack at Lowes for $ 140.00 !!! Too early to tell if this new model battery holds a charge as well as the ones it replaced , but it is compatible with my old tools and charger .
 I made my purchase after taking old battery packs apart finding at least 5 dead cells in each unit . I have purchased a new drill kit with litheum battery packs but liked having my hammer drill available for that small job on concrete away from a electrical source . It is a sin for the price that is charged for replacement packs , when you can purchase a whole kit for the same price !
 We use our Dewalt cordless tools for Habitat for Humanity builds and for around the house and we love them . They provide a lot of power for a long period of time . Yet , these last pair of batteries either stopped taking a charge or would n't fully recharge . Dewalt has a three year warranty on their batteries so I just took them to the Dewalt service center , they ran a test on them to confirm the battery status and then gave me a new pair of batteries . It only took 5 minutes and there was n't any hassle . We 're sticking with Dewalt .
 I received these batteries to suppliment my existing ones . DEWALT makes excellent products!DeWALT DC9096 2 Pack DC9096 18 Volt XRP Batteries + 18 VOlt 1 Hour Charger DW9116
 My original batteries are finally starting to show signs of age -LRB- about 6-7 years old -RRB- bought the combo set as it was only $ 60 per battery versue $ 90 at retail .
 Good price and service . I only wish Dewalt Batteries had a better use life . I get about two years out of them and then they get weak . Outside of that which has nothing to do with this purchase , I am well pleased and will be back .
 Delivery date was almost a month from date of purchase and product was still late -LRB- my credit card was charged when purchased -RRB- . After multiple requests for a tracking # , the seller responded . However , the tracking # was n't activated for almost 2 weeks after his response . During this time , I asked him to cancel my order and refund my $ $ . I did not receive a response , but several days later the product FINALLY shipped . When the product arrived , it was wrapped in a plastic bag , rolling around in a box with absolutely no packing material or padding . This was by far the worst service I have EVER received from an Amazon seller . I would caution anyone else from buying from this person.I rated the item a 4 , but only because it seems to be in good working order . However , I would have rated the service a 0 .
 Powerful battery pack , easy to charge and use . One of the better , long lasting charges of batteries I have used .
 PURCHASED FOR MY HUSBAND , SO HE 'LL HAVE A BACK-UP BATTERY WHEN HE 'S DOING PROJECTSAROUND THE HOUSE.HE 'S VERY HAPPY , SO I 'M HAPPY
 I had purchased offbrand batteries before buying the dewalt batteries trying to save a few bucks . The dewalt batteries lasted close to twice as long per charge as the offbrand ones did .
 I bought these batteries for my husband for Christmas . He loves Dewalt tools and was pretty happy when he opened them as a couple other batteries wo n't hold a charge for long .
 Dewalt products have served me very well over the many years that I have used them , from cordless drills to corded hammer drills !
 I have 5 tools that use them and a Radio and they have a long lasting charge . With the radio and two chargers I am able to complete my jobs without stopping .
 They came promptly and the price was pretty good . They are on the charger but have not been used yet .
 Would highly recommend to anyone replacing their dewalt batteries . Long lasting charge and nice to have the feel of new batteries .
 The choice was crystal clear for this purchase . The local store in my area basically doubled , almost tripled , the price . But after installation , my cordless drill seemed to have so much power that I literally saw sparks coming from it . WOW !!!
 I first got the double charger w/the 5 pc Ridgid set , but then it grew legs . They do n't seem to be available anymore so I was really excited to find this one . Works great , charges fast , love it !!! Makes a bit of noise but the lights let you know if your batts need a carge or not . You can start your day w/both your batts charged and not have to run back and forth to the -LRB- single -RRB- charger .
 I have two of these , and they 're the best purchase I 've made . These dual rapid chargers take a dead battery to full charge in less than 30 minutes . It also has a fan that keeps the batteries cool while charging , and will delay charging for a hot battery you just ran down that could otherwise overheat . They 're built well too . I 've had one of mine for 6 years now and it still looks and works like new .
 This is an extremely well made tool -LRB- as one might expect from Footprint -RRB- , well designed , well balanced , and nicely finished . After a summer of heavy use , I expected to find considerably more wear than it showed . The head does resist mushrooming , as claimed . While it is not comparable to an $ 80 + carbide masonry chisel , for the weekender it should prove effective and reliable for a very long time .
 I chose this product for 3 reasons , 1 -RRB- the switch , which I can access while lying in bed , 2 -RRB- the down turned light fixture -LRB- so that dust does n't collect on the inside -RRB- , and 3 -RRB- the price.This product has really impressed me . I ca n't wait to use it for years and years to come .
 This little sink looks fantastic and was very easy to install . It has a subtle warm/soft feel to it -LRB- compared to a metal or ceramic sink -RRB- that you may or may not like.The only downside is that water does n't drain out of it quite like it does from a metal or ceramic sink -LRB- higher surface tension with the acrylic I suppose ? -RRB- , so you can end up with some small puddles in the bottom of the sink . If your water has a high mineral content and these puddles are left to evaporate , you may end up with visible deposits left in the bottom of the sink . If you use the sink often -LRB- or just wipe it out occasionally -RRB- then it should n't be an issue .
 I am torn on this one . It will grab hold of a pipe and do the job well . It is just that it seems like it was made in 1925 and repackaged to sell today . It seems like it is made out of cast iron . It was different than what I expected .
 I have been using this set to bore 1.5 '' holes in structural steel with good results . The set is of Chinese manufacture , but it seems to be made well enough . The shanks are precision ground and the brazed carbide tips seem secure . Some of the machine work on the business end of the bars is coarse and obviously done by hand , but these complaints are just cosmetic . The set works just fine .
 The is a good product . thought I had to replace my boiler , which would of cost me dearly . I just poured a bottle of this in the boiler and the leak was gone . It saved me a ton of cash and my family and me were able to turn the heat back on in minutes . Thank You .
 I use these bits for plug boring on ipe . Best ones I can find . Need six more words bro head .
 My two batteries have clearly outperformed my expectations . They 've endured extreme southwest heat -LRB- 100 + degrees -RRB- , dust and severe abuse for the past three years . My DeWalt driver 's battery surrendered after two years of similar treatment . The Ridgids continue to perform although one 's charge does n't last so long now . I 'm buying two more to add to my toolbox . My experience with Amazon has been superb . Two other products I ordered in the past were either flawed or not what was ordered . I received replacements within days , one in two days time .
 good replacement battery . seems to be doing allright . im satisfied with it . this is to satisfy the words required to submit
 I had my last set of batteries for 6 years . These came quick and should do the trick for at least as long .
 The battery works as described and is brand new . Easy to charge and fits the codless tools as an origional .
 They charge and work - just what I expected . We 'll see how long they last .
 Ordered this battery to replace my old ones . Because I have an older type cordless drill it was very hard finding the right replacement for it . The battery I purchased does work and is the right voltage but does not fit just perfect . It clicks on to my drill and sometimes has to be pulled off with some pressure to release . Overall the battery was what I expected and have no problems charging or holding a charge . Good battery .
 I bought a `` gently used '' 12V Ridgid power drill battery . I received it within one week , and it was neatley wrapped . It has worked great for me so far . I would order again from this person
 Imagine your drill running out of `` fuel '' -LRB- both batteries no less -RRB- just as you 're putting up Christmas decorations . Even worse , warehouse stores no longer carry the batteries needed by my drill . I was faced with two choices
 purchase and delivery went as expected and on time . Product works fine but does n't fit on the drill the same as the original , it needs to be forced off every time for charging .
 I checked my local `` battery '' specialty store and found out I could get my old ones refurbished for a few bucks MORE than this new replacement costs . I got two of these - been using them for months now -LRB- light `` home '' duty -RRB- and they 're terrific .
 I did n't know how bad my old batteries were until I purchased this replacement . It was a perfect fit in my drill . Now I can , once again , use the drill for long periods of time between charges .
 The Ridgid 12v battery is a good battery , but the life span seems too short . 1 battery is working after 1 year but my second battery will not take a charge .
 Ridgid 12V 1.25 Ah NiCd Battery 130252002I had two batteries with my drill driver . One went bad just before the warranty expired . The other one lasted a year longer . I hope this one performs as well as the first two.Delivery was quick . The battery was not charged when I got it but took full charge in about half an hour and has worked perfectly since . I do not use my drill driver all the time but tend to use it pretty heavily when I do need it.This battery seems as strong as the old one when it was new .
 I have had a hard time finding batteries.Partly because I was looking for an exact match.This battery is a bit smaller and a bit less time on charge , but available and cheaper . YippeeNow I do n't have to buy a new drill because the battery technology has changed .
 When my old Ridgid NiCd batteries went dead , I recycled them . I found out ne week later that you can have them re-built at a fractiion of the cost of new ones ! I found these two new ones online for just over the cost of one at Home Depot . Good supplier . Thanks Amazon .
 I used this to conceal my speaker wire for my home theater set up that runs all over the place . I did n't bother painting it because I did n't care enough and plan on redoing everything soon anyway . This product is totally customizable to fit any juncture or corner you may need to run speaker across . I have recommended it to many people .
 If you 're a professional remodeler/builder and do n't have this laser , you need your head examined . This tool is money in the bank . From checking grades , leveling sill plates & setting windows to installing interior doors & cabinets your accurate layout is simply minutes away . Do n't waste your money on cheap consumer grade equipment . PLS are truely engineered and built for professionals . I 've been paying my bills building for 17 years and have tried them all . This is the real deal .
 For the most part , my company does interior remodeling , but a month ago we started a ground-up construction project and I needed something to do exterior layout . I 've had a PLS2 for a few years that has been one of my most valuable interior layout tools , so I thought I 'd give another PLS tool a try . The PLS 360 is a simple tool ... it projects a 360 degree horizontal line ... that 's all it does , and it does it well . Fast self-leveling and a bright beam , and to top it all off , the pulsating feature that works with the detector . Having used very few exterior lasers , I was a little confused about this technology at first , but it 's simple
 This an awesome product . I 've used other PLS products in my constuction experience and it 's the first I 've bought for myself . My first job was a kitchen cabinet install . I just stuck a screw in the wall , attached the provided bracked , stuck the level on the bracket , turned it on and the rest was history . Another example is relocating outlets . You can set the level on anything flat so I set the level on a bucket , turn it on , measure from the laser line up to the existing outlet , transfer that dimension over to the new outlet location and I 'm done with layout.Yes there are other ways to do this type of work without the 360 but if you wotk by yourself and like gadgets , it 's a good one to have.The only problem I had was with delivery . When it arrived it did not come with the laser detector as advertised and there was a sticker on the case that said ` Laser Only ' . So I called Amazon and they said to send it back and they would send a new one . So I did that and the next one arrived with the same ` Laser Only ' sticker . Needless to say I was not happy so I called PLS directly and apparently there was a shipping glitch from PLS so they overnighted the detector directly to me and I 've been happy ever since.Ed
 I bought the PLS 360 with the detector on Amazon and I got it with in a couple days . It works great . I did not have a tri pod with me on the job so I just placed it on top of some lumber next to the site . Turned it on and it leveled itself . I just walked around with the detector on the story pole and marked my stakes with the bottom of the story pole . The detector gives a loud and clear sound when you have it level . It only took me five minutes to get level marks all the way around the foundation . Then I just lifted the forms up to the marks and I was done leveling . Very easy , very fast , and very accurate . I do n't know why I did not buy one of these before now .
 Add the new 90E to your set and you can have both worlds . The 90e sets two 90 degree vertical lines and dot on the ground to locate the intersecting point and presto like the 360 just walk around to find the lines and set your points for a perfect 90 degree , you can almost throw away the transit.PS -- The same detector works with both units
 1 . Open the hard shell protective case . 2 . Remove the level from the case . 3 . Push a button . 4 . Make your mark . 5 . Collect your paycheck . Done.This laser level is brilliantly bright indoors and quite bright outdoors . And if it is not bright enough outdoors , press the button again and use the included laser detector.When it arrived , I set it up on my porch , and then walked across the street and quite a distance into the park . I turned on the detector , moved it up and down , and bam , the lights flashed and the buzzer buzzed . I was happy with the narrowness of the beam at such a distance.Since purchasing it , I have built level kitchen cabinet bases on a sloping floor , put in receptacles and switches , run plumbing pipes -LRB- easily calculate slopes -RRB- , installed pantry shelving , hung photos , set chair rail height , laid out ceramic wall tile , and more , I 'm sure . And all better and faster than ever before in my 45 or so years of construction . I am looking forward to using it when I build my next house.This is a high quality , one trick pony . There is no salad bar of options , nor any whiz-bang menu of doodads to fiddle with or set up . Just turn it on and enjoy a 360-degree line around the room or building site . It almost seems anti-climatic it is so Zen like clean and easy . I still need my line/dot laser for straight/square lines for laying out floor tiles , for example , and I still need my laser pointer to keep my wife 's cats busy and entertained . But no matter , this tool is worth the price . I 'd buy it again .
 I ordered my PLS 360E on Monday and recieved it on Friday . I was anxious to try it out , put the batteries in and was extremely satisfied to say the least . The beam was very bright , I do n't think anyone would have a problem seeing the beam under normal conditions . I switched the laser to pulse to try the detector and again was very pleased . This will be a great time saver for me . Great product !
 I 'm sure there are brighter flashlights , but I suspect there are not as many that are as well-made at this one . The fit and finish are very good , and it feels like it would survive almost anything . It 's a good fit in your pocket . I like to carry a small flashlight for evening walks -- more so drivers can see me rather than my need to see -- and this is perfect for that . It 's a bit expensive , but I think it is worth the price , and I 've occasionally seen them marked down at Target .
 I like to carry a small flashlight with me , as I never know when it will be useful . Nothing too small , something large enough to be useful when it 's very dark.In the past I used mini 3A mags , and various other brands . Never did quite what I wanted , but better than nothing . Later , I purchased an Inova Radiant , 3A flashlight . It fit fine in my pocket . It was good for what it was , my only complaints being a blue tinge to the light , and there was no safety for the button on the rear . Without a safety , sometimes the flashlight would accidentally click on , and drain the battery until I noticed it was on . Still , it was decent . Better than the other flashlights I had used for this purpose.Anyway , last month I got drunk one night and lost it ... While looking for a replacement to my lost flashlight , I noticed that the Inova Radiant model was discontinued . it seemed to have been replaced with the Inova `` Bolt '' series.This flashlight is an improvement , I enjoy the saftey on the rear of the light . It seems this flashlight is meant even moreso for pockets , bags , etc. . It 's great for me.The light is more white than my previous Inova 3A Radiant.I was a bit hesitant about purchasing this flashlight due to the previous review here , however , I 'm happy I went and bought the flashlight . Due to the safety on the power button , I can carry it in my pocket and not have to worry about the battery being drained . It 's only been a week , but so far , so good.It helps me locate wires behind furniture , locate things I drop in a dark room or outside at night , read a receipt in a dark bar , etc. . It 's fine for my purposes .
 I just had a new shed built with a sliding door , and this was the last piece I needed to make sure the door slide open/closed smoothly .
 Terrific hook that really does hold 2 robes . Do n't settle for a cheap imitation . This one is beautiful , heavy duty , and matchees the other pieces in the Victorian Collection perfectly .
 This robe hook is nicely finished and attractive , and it has a quality look , but it is much larger than what I expected . The outside measurement between the two prongs is 3 and 3/4 Inches , and the hook extends nearly 4 inches from the door . It 's a big thing . Still , I am happy with the purchase .
 This robe hook 's depth is deeper than the door stop on my door , so when the door opens against the wall , the hook hits the wall first . This is a concern if you want to mount it on the back of a door .
 Our builder used the Delta Victorian fixtures in our bathroom , but did n't put in a robe hook . When I found this one , I was elated . It 's really nice and heavy duty . It looks -LRB- and works -RRB- great !
 This is just so very beautiful - I like them so much that I bought 4 , one for each bath ! I have all the matching items too like the faucets , curtain rods , towel rods , etc. . If you 're renovating a Victorian , this is a definite choice . The bronze is just perfect - very elegant and fitting . We hang both towels and robes from them without any trouble whatsoever . They are installed in the wood , not in the drywall or on a door . I would suggest NOT buying this for a wood door installation - you need one that actually has extended screws in the plate to secure it properly . This one is ONLY meant for a wall/stud mount . Try Restoration Hardware for the ones with the extended screws -LRB- ones you can see from the front and screw in on the front -RRB- . Great , great product , highly recommend !
 It 's nice to be able to easily find high quality coordinating bath fixtures to go with high quality Delta faucets .
 Delta Faucet 75035-RB Victoria , Robe Hook in Bronze . When we purchased a new kitchen faucet 6 years ago , it came with this free robe hook , which we installed on the cabinet next to the kitchen sink , on which to hang our kitchen towels . I actually sewed loops -LRB- of bias tape -RRB- in the center of each of my towels , so they would not slide off the hook . When I decided we could use a towel -LRB- robe -RRB- hook on the cabinet on the other side of the sink , I search Amazon . I did n't really want to pay $ 23.63 for it , but heck the first one was free , and I had enough items to get FREE SHIPPING!The bronze towel hooks do their job and are a nice compliment to the bronze kitchen faucet . I highly recommend this for hanging a towel or robe with a loop on it .
 I already had the towel bar , towel loop and one robe hook in my bath , and wanted a few more robe hooks . They are durable if mounted properly in the wall.I really like the oil rubbed bronze .
 JUST LOVE VENETIAN BRONZE HARDWARE FOR MY BATHROOM , THAT I PURCHASED A COMPLETE SET OF VENETIAN BRONZE TOWEL BARS , SWITCH PLATES & ROB HOOKS ALSO
 I was trying to remove the blower motor from my car 's a/c , to clean out the leaves and stuff . There was one screw that was virtually inaccessible . I could get on it with a stubby screwdriver but I could n't get my hand in there enough to get enough torque . Once I got this flexible driver on it with a bit , the screw came right out . This appears to be a very well made , sturdy tool . Has a great feel in the hand and a very positive grip . It 's one of those tools you might use once in great while , but when you need it , it 's invaluable .
 My grandson loves this lamp . I like its clean colorful design . My only complaint would be the access to the nightlight in the &#34; cab &#34; of the bulldozer can be opened by a child allowing them to touch the bulb or even worse , remove it from the socket . Some kind of catch would be good there .
 nice unit - universal to any make or model engine . could be made with a little heavier metal , but overall very good product - highly recommend to anyone who stores engines for a short term or long term . easily moved even with engine sitting on it .
 promt delivery ; nice to use ; covers the window well ; less sticky than expected ; has been bricked over ; easy to use
 I built a 2400 gallon therapy pool using plywood and used this product on all of the seams . It 's super sticky and when the pool filled with several inches of rainwater , there were no leaks .
 If you are looking at this product , you most likely know what you are wanting to achieve with it . That said , this is superior to other self adhered flashing products out there . It bonds to almost any surface . You will want to cover it quickly , as the sun tends to soften the tar and the product will peel away from the surface .
 Does what it says , great product . Easy to use . The only thing I would like is split tape on the back .
 This is a fantastic product . I use it for much more than just window flashings ... . anywhere a moisture barrier is needed . I also use small pieces to repair tears in building paper before the stucco is applied . My only complaint would be that it 's hard to find the ripcord and pick it out of the release on the back . Once you find it and get it started , though , you 're on you 're way . Grace Construction Products makes a lot of good stuff , and this is one of them .
 I for one am very happy with this set . good price , and there well made . many of these type of screw drivers that clip into the handle are crappy and cheaply made , but this one is excellent ! the case is good too , i highly recommended it !
 This is a good basic toilet . Works efficiently . Flushes fast . Uses little water . Installation was quite easy and trouble free .
 This product does what its supposed to and fits nice and compactly in my secret trunk compartment . It takes a little longer to fill my vehicle tires but that was to be expected since it 's not the heavy duty gas station pump.It 's only major fault is that it is LOUD during use so would not recommend using during late/early hours unless necessary .
 We recently `` downsized '' the lawn area of our backyard to a 16 ' x 22 ' area and wanted something light weight and compact to mow the yard with . After reading the reviews on Amazon , we decided to take a chance on the Worx 16-Inch Electric Lawn Mower . My husband LOVES THIS MACHINE ! It was our first mowing after having new sod put in and the lawn was pretty long but it mowed like a dream ! He has no complaints whatsoever with it in anyway . He said it went together without any problems -LRB- read your manual prior to assembling and you wo n't have the problems others have mentioned !!! -RRB- . We were equally surprised that it came with a two year warranty ! Its a great buy and a great lawn mower . We highly recommend it !
 I was in search of a mower that I could handle on my own . My husband is n't very helpful with the yard stuff ! So , after struggling for years with a huge gas mower I decided to start shopping for something to make my life easier . After lots of research , I chose the Worx electric mower . I was totally thrilled when i opened the box and found the majority of the mower built for me . I quickly snapped a few things together and off I was to try this funky looking mower . It looks like something my 7 year old son would want ... very futuristic ! It is very easy to handle -LRB- once you adjust to the extension cord that you have to keep track of ... that 's very new to me -RRB- . After a few passes , I think I mastered it . This mower is easy to handle and gets into places that my old mower could n't reach . I ca n't say enough about how great it is . The lawn looked fabulous and I look forward to my next mowing . I also found it very easy to store in my shed ... takes up very little space . This was a super purchase and I would highly recommend this mower to anyone that has an appropriate sized yard for an electric mower .
 I am a woman over 60 who lives in a mobile home . This 16 inch mower is perfect ! It stores nicely , but the ease with which it cuts is amazing . I love the basket to catch grass . It was a bit difficult to snap together , but a neighborman helped and now I can cut my lawn with little effort . Great product .
 The Electric lawn mower from Worx was very easy to assemble . It cuts the grass very well and is very easy to adjust the height . I highly recommend this product .
 This is a great product for individuals looking for a basic mower . It runs just as well as a Black and Decker corded mower , yet its cheaper . I like the styling and performance.A great buy !
 This cool looking little mower has plenty of power , is well built and super easy to operate . So much so , now my girlfreind likes to mow the lawn.Another plus is that it 's a lot quiter -LRB- and lighter -RRB- than gas mowers , so mowning early in the morning is now big deal . The only downside is the cord , which is only a problem if you had a large lawn.I would recomend this product .
 We are satisfied with the Worx 13-AMP 16-Inch electric lawn mower . We chose this model because it 's small , and it fits in the limited space we have in our shed . The handle folds for easy storage . It moves easily over the lawn , is not too heavy , and mows and mulches effectively . The cord is somewhat cumbersome , but we consider that annoyance preferable to having to deal with gasoline . The mower is noisier than we expected , but otherwise we are pleased with the machine . Also , the delivery time was amazing -- the day after I ordered it .
 I works without problems . It was easy to asemble except the grass cacher took some time to figer out how to get to snap together .
 We own a house in the NC mountains . We go up there about 2 times/month in the summer . Most of the property is wooded , but we have about 500 to 1000 square feet that needs mowing . I have never owned an electric mower before , but thought that it might be a good idea here . It was . I do n't have to worry about storing gasoline or changing oil or any of the other things associated with a gasoline engine . Putting the grass catcher together was something of a pain , but it was not too bad . This thing works very well for what I have . I would not want to try to cut a half acre yard with it or a yard that has a lot of high weeds . Be certain to get an extension cord that is heavy enough to carry sufficient current to the motor . Larger wheels would be a help , but the light weight helps when you are in a hilly area and have to pick the thing up to move it to another plateau .
 I 've only used it once so far . It 's about what I expected . Did a decent job cutting the grass at the highest setting -LRB- 2-3/4 '' -RRB- . Putting it together was n't so bad ; as others have said snapping the grass collection bag together was the hardest part , but after about 15 minutes I got it all together . It 's possible to fold the handle forward so it stores in a fairly compact form.The main drawback is exactly what you 'd expect for a corded electric mower - you have to keep moving the cord so you do n't run over it . It 's a pain when you first start out , or are trying to go around trees and stuff . Once you settle into a pattern however it 's not that bad . And I have a small lawn , so it 's not a big deal . I would rather deal with the inconvenience of a cord , versus have to store gasoline with little kids around , and put out multiple cars ' worth of emissions from a small gasoline engine .
 Fairly simple to assemble , had a little challenge with the grass catcher but no big deal ! I was able to cut even knee high patches of grass with this awesome mower . Do order the extension cort with the mower however ; your nearest outlet is always further away than you think!Tough enough for a man and efficient enough for a woman !
 I live in the city so that means very little space and a very little yard but even the small ones need mowing . I just got my WORX today , took me all of 30 minutes with two kids , 3 and 1 1/2 yrs old , `` helping . '' I read previous reviews that said the grass catcher was hard to impossible to put together but mine snapped into place with a little elbow grease and slight deviation from the manual ... started at the front and worked my way around.I have n't used mine yet but I borrowed my neighbors a few times which is what made me want to get one for myself . Compared to the gas mowers I have used before this one is light , easy to maneuver , powerful , a breeze to start , relatively easy on the ears and easy to store . You might think it awkward with how long the WORX looks in the picture but the handle folds down about one third of the way down so it saves a bunch of space . Of course I 'm writing this kind of based of the WORX lawn mower next door and not the one in my shed -LRB- performance-wise -RRB- but they are the same model so I feel comfortable writing this review without having used the one that I bought yet . Think of this as a general product review and not a specific experience review.Happy mowing !
 I owned another brand electric mower and liked it very much . It was easy because the handle flipped making turns easy . This WORX handle does not flip but I love it . The grass `` bag '' holds a lot and I use the grass clippings for deep mulch . It is the only thing that keeps this Virginia `` wire grass '' out of my plants . It cuts a smaller swath but is so lightweight that it 's great !
 This Mower is a great little unit . I have used it 4 times already and it is a pleasure not to have to deal with gas cans . I fold it up and it fits in my small deck storage box , so no need to find a spot in the garage and track in any remaining grass .
 My gas mower died and I decided to go electric since I have a small yard within easy reach of an AC outlet . I 've used it once and am impressed . It 's lightweight and easy to push . I like the plastic grass catcher which is easier to empty than a cloth one and can be easily hosed out . It appears to be well-made and I like the styling.My first unit was defective . A weld which is used to adjust the height of the front wheels was broken . Amazon replaced it promptly with no hassles .
 I 've always used gas mowers in the past , so it 's been difficult getting used to watching for the extension cord , especially when going around trees . The mower itself was a little louder than I expected , and a little more difficult to push as well . But it works fine for my small yard , and I 'm happy not to have to worry about having gas on hand .
 I just got this mower today . Setting up the mower is a breeze . Just as others mentioned in previous reviews , the grass catcher was tricky to assemble . After fiddling with it for a good 10min -LRB- with the help of my wife -RRB- , we managed to put it together . Do one snap at a time . Push both sides hard with the top part slightly lipping over the bottom part . The snap will start bulging out . Then apply pressure with your thumb on the top of the seam where the snap is until you hear a click . Once we found this trick , we finished it off in no time.I immediately took the mower for a test run . First , there is a handle on the mower that allows me to pick it up with one hand . I am not a big man - 5ft 7in , 140lb . Second , I like the safety design of the start button . You have to press down the start button then grab the switch lever to start the motor . Third , the mower was easy to push and I did not feel any vibrations from the motor . The mower was highly maneuverable . I made tight corners ; I dragged it backwards . In fact , it was so easy to move it in any direction that I actually enjoyed pushing it around . Fourth , I have a small yard -LRB- approx . 2000 sq ft. -RRB- It took me less time to mow than using a gas mower even though I had to make a few more runs -LRB- 16in cut vs 20in -RRB- . Fifth , it did a decent cutting and mulching job . Sometimes , I could hear the motor slowing down . I thought it was going to stall . I kept pressing on and it did not stall !! Sixth , beware , the height adjustment allows it to mow very close to the ground . I started with the height adjustment setting too low.The only complaint that I have is that the instruction diagram should be bigger.Overall , this is an amazing compact mower and I love it so far . I hope it will be a durable mower .
 This little beauty is powerful and quiet . We ran it on a 100ft 12-gauge cord and it really does the trick.Assembled it in minutes without the manual . Tip
 This mower works great with the 13 Amp motor while most brands feature 12 Amps . The size -LRB- 16 '' -RRB- allows it to fit beside the car in a standard two car garage . There were only two things that I disliked about this mower . Putting the catcher together is very difficult . The other is that the height adjuster does n't quite go high enough for tall grass . The mulcher attachment works great . I would buy this mower again .
 The Worx electric mower is a great product . The mower is the best alternative to using a gas powered mower . This is a perfect little unitfor my small yard .
 with the exception of dragging the cord around behind you , this little mower is perfect . Its very quiet and lightweight . Its prefect for little lawns !
 Length :
 Love how its so easy to use and built well . Adjusting height and emptying plastic bagger is a breeze .
 I bought gthis mower and used it for a year when the switch failed . After reading numerous reviews describing how awful the customer service was , I called WORX with trepidation . To my surprise , they not only gave me no hassle for not having bought it directly from WORX , but they shipped me out a BRAND NEW MOWER -LRB- it arrived today ! -RRB- . Wow !!!!
 Good lawnmower - easy to use , light , etc. . If you do not need to collect your clippings , I would highly recommend this mower . It is well-designed and easy to use , start , adjust cutting height , etc. . If you do need to collect your grass clippings , well , that 's the only drawback . Ours did not ` clip ' together as intended and now the grass clippings have a hole to blow thru when being collected-Meaning my legs turn green -LRB- not a pretty sight -RRB- ! Assembly wise , I spent about 5 mins putting everything else together but the grass catcher took over 30 mins and it still did n't go go together as intended . You simply ca n't get the force needed to lock in the clips because the plastic is too flimsy and bends when you try to lock it . We succeeded in getting the sides together but none of the back clips would go in . It 's obvious that designers were used in the creation of this product , but they also should have done an assembly test on the grass catcher . It truly was the most difficult piece to assemble and the plastic is too light/flimsy for the catcher to go together as it should . I see that as a Design and Engineering flaw . Other than that , I would highly recommend this Mower .
 We are very happy with our lawnmower . It has a nice ergonimic design and is much higher quality than some of the other electric mowers we tried out . Love the mulching feature . You ca n't even see the mulch and is great for the grass . It is quieter than gas powered and more compact . Just make sure you have a heavy duty power cord to plug it into . We were using an older extension cord and the mower did n't work propoerly . Bought a brand new cord and have n't had any problems since .
 This is a great little mower . I admit , I was a little skeptical to purchase on line especially since I had never seen one in the stores , however , this is a GREAT little mower . It is easy to assemble , easy to push and maneuver , and it gives a good clean cut . My grass in some spots was a good 7 '' high and this mower went through it like it had a job to do ! I have to admit , I will have to get use to the cord , but for the convenience and just to know that it is ready whenever I need to mow ... I Love It!Before this I had a Black & Decker , cordless electric . I have to say more often than not it lost it 's power before I was even finished mowing the back yard and had to wait to charge it before I could do the front . The Black & Decker was left on the curb ... and my new Worx in now in the shed taking up half the space !
 Compared to other similarly-priced mowers this one is a great value ... a little more power for a little less money . I also like that there 's no mesh bag that would send dust toward the person using it . Snapping the grass catcher together is a bit of a trick as other reviewers have noticed , but I had it together with a friend in less than two minutes -LRB- and its a one-time thing -RRB-
 Ok , I confess . I was a bit skeptical , especially when I realized the Worx electric mower was only 16 '' wide -- I 'm replacing a 20 '' Snapper . Even a little more skeptical when I pulled it out of the box -- I never , ever imagined a lawn mower could appear like something half space-ship , half cartoon in real life and still do a decent job -- but it looks very cool and modern ! Then I noticed those familiar styled little plastic wheels that used to adorn my kids ' Big Wheel trikes -- another strike . Finally , I flustered trying to `` snap '' together the 2-piece plastic grass-catcher . But not to worry -- really , this is a `` positive '' review.Once I got over all that and pulled the machine out onto my small urban front and back lawn , all doubts blew away.The Worx 16-inch mower `` works '' like a dream -LRB- could n't resist that -RRB- . The 16 '' swath it cut was just right for my two 12x15 ' patches of grass . The 13 amps were perfect to cut my overgrown semi-wet grass without any trouble at all . I was relieved to discover the mower engine has a not-too-loud blower sound a little like a turbine . That seems to be less obnoxious than other electric mowers reviewed on Amazon . And the cutter deck height was simple to change with their single lever 6-height adjustment feature.I stored the catcher untouched in my small garage . Using the mulcher attachment , most of the grass easily & cleanly worked its way back into the lawn with little obvious mess . About only thing that needs improvement here is use of a small black plastic clip to hold the attachement in . I 'm sure that will eventually be lost.As far as the `` Big Wheels '' go -- I wish it had real rubber ones , but so far the mower performance has eclipsed any complaints I might have had initially . I also am not impressed with their catcher -- I 'd much rather see a 1-piece molded plastic version on future models.So , as of its first use , I love my new mower and have happily laid my old smoking Snapper to rest . I 'll report back after the summer has past with my final evaluation.UPDATE JULY 2 , 2011 -- Its ' still working and does a great job . It 's been several years and I just wanted to let you know our mower is still working absolutely perfectly . Even the plastic `` Big Wheel '' wheels have done fine . I 'd buy it again .
 I 'll try to keep this short and simple ... Before I got the Worx mower I purchased the Black & Decker MM875 19 '' Lawn Hog -LRB- corded -RRB- - used it once - and returned it the next day . Not what I was expecting or hoping for ... I purchased the Worx 13-amp 16-Inch Electric Lawn Mower #WG 712 on Amazon . Right out of the box when compared to the Black & Decker it is better looking machine . The Worx is lighter and smaller making it a lot easier to use and maneuver . Yeah , it is only a 16 inch blade , but combine that with 13 amps -LRB- instead of the Black & Decker 12 amp motor on a 19 '' blade -RRB- and you get plenty of cutting power . I figure because it was so easy to maneuver around various landscape boulders and such , it ended up being just as quick as a larger machine.The Worx height adjustment was well sprung and easier to use since it had a large knob that was right on top of the machine - and it is numbered - unlike the Black & Decker . In general I thought the Black & Decker was bigger and heavier than it needs to be making it harder to maneuver . The Black & Decker 's height adjustment on the front side wheel was n't very convenient and it was n't numbered . Further , the Black & Decker did n't cut as short as I 'd like . The Worx cuts down to '' . At 12 amps the Black & Decker appeared to have sufficient power - but did slow down on a number of areas on my lawn.Looking at both machines from underneath , the Worx has a double-lined body that covers the blade area - the Black & Decker did not . If something was to go really wrong with one of these two machines , the Worx appears to have a stronger/safer build to stop debris from cracking the body or making its way through.Another big difference between the two is the grass hopper . On the Worx it is hard plastic and hangs above the ground behind the mower - It does not drag on the ground . Pull up and back and it 's off the mower . Dump the grass into a bag or trash can - bang on it to get all the all grass out , snap back on . It even has a little window so you can see how full it is . Very easy to take off , dump and put back on . The Black & Decker has a mesh bag that I found harder to use - just taking off and putting back on . Also , because it 's a mesh bag when I went to empty the thing it tended to collapse as I tried to dump out the grass . Not like I can bang on it to get out all the grass , so you got ta ' shake it out . Further the Black & Decker bag tended to drag while attached to the mower and based on the label sewn to the bag - it 's expected that it will wear out and need to be replaced - The Worx hard plastic hopper looked like it would never wear out.Overall cut quality is fine on both machines , but hands down the Worx is a much better machine for me . The Worx is lighter , more powerful , well built and easy to push and adjust - just easier to use , plus I 'm helping the environment .
 I was hesitant to buy this , as I have a 0.65 acre lawn , and thick grass . But I liked that with a Worx one did n't have to buy gas and oil , did n't have to worry about being a loud noisy neighbor , and did n't have to worry about yanking , yanking and yanking to start a mower up -LRB- even those `` easy to start '' mowers - I 've always had to yank several times to start - maybe my method/style of pulling that cord is n't `` proper . '' -RRB- . I read reviews of battery operated mowers and corded electric mowers and decided on the corded version.So I bought the Worx 13 . It mows like a dream . Even with thick , tall -LRB- a bout a foot tall -RRB- , damp grass . In fact there were several times in the thick grass that I know if I had a gas mower it would 've stalled and I would be out there pulling on its cord to get it going . The Worx never stalled - oh it strained a few times , but it cut and mulched that thick , tall , damp grass nonetheless . With one pass . One reason I went for the Worx 13 is that it had the most power , and I 'm glad I did.It 's lightweight . The heaviest weight is the 100 ' cord I am dragging behind me!For those that complain about the dead man switch -LRB- you have to hold the bar down for the mower to stay working -RRB- , I love that it has such a safety feature . Plus , it is n't all that hard to hold down , you got to grip the handle to move the mower anyway , and you only need one hand to hold down the bar - I switch off which hand is holding the bar down to keep from getting tired , not that it takes a strong grip to hold it down in the first place.It 's relatively quiet . I do n't worry about hearing loss . I do n't worry about the neighbors being disturbed . I can actually hear myself think , or my cellphone going off . I can hear the train in the distance . I can even hear near-by birds . Try doing all that with a gas mower.It cuts close to the edge - not like the battery operated models where the blade is actually an inch to a few inches away from the edge of the mower . I can mow right up against the brick wall of our patio , leaving very little grass uncut right against the wall -LRB- sometimes it gets all of the grass , even the grass growing right up against the wall -RRB- . Reduces time with weedeater.You do n't have to breathe in toxic fumes . Or buy gas . Or oil . You can mow without wondering if you have enough gas in the tank to finish the job . You just mow until you are done . And if you need to stop , it 's a breeze to start up again.I use it to mow 0.65 acres , it does the job - a better than the gas mower I used before.True , you need to start near the outlet and mow outward so as to not mow over your cord . True , I had to search just a little bit at Walmart to find a 100 ' electric outdoor cord that was rated high enough for the mower -LRB- get one rated for 15 amps , NOT 10 amps -RRB- - took me an extra 5 minutes to find the right cord as most were only rated for 10 amps . True , I needed to use a bungee cord to help keep the extension cord plugged into the Worx 13 's plug . That 's my biggest complaint . Hey Worx - you all need to design some simple way to help folk keep their extension cord hooked to the Worx ! There is some silly little plastic thingie on the Wrox that is theoretically there to help , but it 's of little use . But the small bungee cord works great . I have entire mowing sessions where I have no problem at all -LRB- a few sessions I do have the extension cord unplug from the Worx cord - when I am stretching the cord to its limit -RRB- . But compare to the cons of a gas mower - at least for me , the Worx 13 is better , I much rather mow with it.Addendum , November 2009 . It has been almost 2 years , and my Worx Electric Lawn Mover still mows like a dream . Not too often in today 's world with companies apparently abandoning quality control left and right to buy something of quality , and to have it still working two years later -LRB- oh , that all could be like my Signature TV - still working fine after almost 25 years -RRB- . Increasingly I am opening boxes to items D.O.A. , or which cease functioning after only a few months . Over two years and the Worx works . No issues . No problems . Just works . I wish I could give this more stars .
 Wow . What can I say ? This amazing mower works extremely well . I researched this mower for a couple of months and read multiple reviews . I wanted to purchase the Bosch lithium mower or the RoboMower but the Bosch is not for sale in the states yet and the RoboMower is very expensive . I was skeptical at first because the reviews suggested this mower for small yards . Regardless , I took a chance and bought a 100 ' 12 gauge , 13 amp extension cord . My lot is over 8000 square feet and has a large front yard with an even larger backyard and multiple trees throughout . On top of that , the grass had not been cut for over two months . A true test for a little 16 incher . It cut the grass , twigs , and weeds with ease and the grass box made the whole job a breeze.It 's light weight makes it very manuverable and the push button start up is fantastic.The lack of fumes , gas , cord pulling , and loud noise levels make this mower extremely efficient and dare I say ... fun.My Father was very skeptical against an electric mower . He came by , saw it in action and left extremely impressed.Yes it has a cord but if you can handle a vacuum cleaner , you can handle the Worx.Not only does it perform it 's job but it 's a bad looking little M.F. as well . : -RRB-
 It took me 10 minutes to assemble , including the grass catcher . I was outside mowing in 15 and done in an hour.It 's a bit heavier than I expected and the grass catcher makes it trickier to maneuver than my old electric , but I like it . It cut through my thick , ugly crabgrass on the lowest setting in no time . I 'm looking forward to trying it with the mulcher rather than the grass catcher , just to see the difference . -LRB- But my lawn 's so short right now , I think it will take a while . -RRB-
 I just received the WORX WG712 16 '' corded electric lawn mower yesterday and to put your mind at ease it is very easy to set up . It took me about fifteen minutes to uncrate it and get it ready to use.I agree with others that the grass catcher is the most challenging part to assemble but again it was pretty easy . The challenge is to be able to get a grip that enables you to push the top and bottom halves together forcefully enough at each clip point . I just sat with it in my lap and starting at the front -LRB- open end -RRB- worked on each clip point moving towards the back -LRB- closed end of the catcher -RRB- . In about five minutes of patient work the catcher was ready to go.Since my neighbor had kindly just cut most of my grass I only had a very small test patch for my initial cut trial . I can say it was a synch to operate , easy to handle and did a nice job . Happily I have a very small lawn area -LRB- my wife is an avid gardener -RRB- so this small mower is perfect for the job . No mess , little noise , and easy to operate and store . It 's just what I was looking for!Why not five stars ? Well it is too soon for me to say it 's perfect but it is the best mower I have seen for my needs . By the end of the summer it may have earned that final star . It seems to have the potential .
 The mower was bought from AMAZON.COM.This is my second time buying this mower . I bought my first one also from AMAZON.COM almost 3 years ago . I am a retiree and my heart is weak . I chose this mower mainly because it is light . PRO for this type
 Perfect size for my small yard yet powerful enough to get the job done , no gas power , no mess , quite , foldable to I can store it in my garage without taking too much space . Highly recommend to buy an extra blade from Amazon -LRB- will run you around an extra 20 bucks -RRB-
 I got this to replace a 20 '' gas mower which was becoming difficult to start ; also wanted a smaller footprint for storage which is primarily why I went for the 16 '' Worx . It is extremely easy to assemble except for the grassbox
 I 've owned a Black & Decker electric lawnmower first , and then a Sears Craftman electric lawnmower but after using my son 's Worx Electric Lawnmower I was convinced that this is the mower for me . It comes with a grass catcher -LRB- molded not fabric -RRB- that is easily fitted in back of the mower which is a plus . The 13 Amp motor has more than enough power to drive the 16 inch blade . I had no problem cutting through 3 to 4-inch tall grass using the lowest 3/4 inch height cut . -LRB- The mower has 6 position heights -RRB- . The motor is much quieter than a gas driven mower and the starter button and power control lever are within easy reach of your fingers . The Worx is compact and light enough that I found it was easy to manuever around the lawn , and with the collapsible handle can be conveniently stored in a small area . No smelly fumes and irritating loud noise . No messy oil and gasoline mixtures to content with . Just plug and go !
 My husband is ill , so cutting the yard is now my job . This electric mower is perfect for me because I have never been able to pull the cord to start our gas mower . This mower is easy to start , and use . It is also light compared to the gas mower . The assembly was easy for me . The power cord was slightly damaged when I removed lawn mower from box , but wire was not damaged . I decided to try it before making a decison on whether or not to return . So , I purchased a 100 ft 13 amp extension cord took the Worx outside and plugged it in . I started it up , and away I went . It was great . I will wrap cord with electrical tape rather than go through hassle of returning . It would be nice if it was wider than 16 inches . The cord came out once , but I did a minor adjustment and then everyting was fine . I found it easier to handle than the cord on my vacumn cleaner . I did not use grass catcher , mulcher , etc. . The grass in my front yard was very tall with wild tangled plants growing . Hope to cut the back yard this weekend.Only concern now is if I need service . Is there a company that services the Worx ?
 This is a very decent electric mower . It does n't make too much noise and clean up is pretty easy . I like that the handle folds down so it has a smaller storage footprint . I would n't mind if there was an even smaller version , though , since my lawn is pretty small .
 I have had this mower for about a year . We downsized our home and I wanted to go green and get away from messing with oil and gasoline . This mower has worked like a champ from day one . Yes , that plastic grass bag is a bit tricky to assemble but you only need to do this once . I like that fact that the grass catcher does not drag on the ground . It 's plastic rigid construction keeps it above ground at all times . This mower is light weight and stores nicely with it 's fold-up handle . Height adjustment could not be easier . Week to week I just plug it in and go . It cuts my lawn evenly . My neighbor commented on how nice my lawn looks afterwards.Just last week I noticed a small crack on the upper handle where it 's pressed to fit the lower handle . I called Worx about the problem . They shipped a new replacement mower . What else could I ask for ?
 This is an excellent machine and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a lawnmower . The price I paid was just right as well .
 I 've had this mower about a month and used it for the first time this week . It is everything and more that was advertised . It breezed through my yard , and even cut the shade grass which is tall and thick this time of year . It never bogged down , it could n't be easier to start -LRB- push a button and squeeze the handle -RRB- , it uses no gas or oil , there 's no maintenance other than cleaning.While I was mowing , my neighbor came over to see it . He was impressed.This mower will accomplish everything I wanted . Easy to use . We have a lot of ozone days here , and this will allow me to do my part to ease the pollution a tiny bit.Great product . Highly recommended .4 / 1/09 -1 Year update-As I was doing my yard spring cleaning today , it reminded me how much I like my WORX mower . After a full year of mowing , it runs and looks like new . Do n't be afraid to use it . I pull about 2-3 39 gal bags of Bermuda grass clippings off my yard each week . This mower has plenty of power . It has never bogged down , and now that I have figured out how to work with the cord , it takes less time to mow than with a gas mower.My WORX mower has turned out to be some of the smartest money I ever spent .
 Fast delivery and reasonably easy assembly . Those clips on the grass catcher are easy ... once you get the hang of it . Worx works great - I have the blower vac too . Lightweight , easy to handle , cuts well and a lot of grass fits in the catcher . Really like the ergonomic handles , and the super easy start , and the simple height adjustment - saves backache and the manicure . Fairly quiet too .
 I am a women approching the 60 year mark and found that this mower is pretty easy to use . It has no trouble mowing tall grass that is still kinda wet and does n't bog down like other mowers I 've used . Not real crazy about the handle but love the plug in and go feature ...
 I read the other reviews and decided to go with the Worx electric mower even though it was a brand I had never heard of before . I 'm very happy.It was a snap to put together except for that # $ % ^ # $ grass catcher . The other reviewers were dead on - I was ready to throw that thing in the trash . Luckily , once it is put together , it stays together and is extremely easy to remove and empty . Actually , it is MUCH easier than all the other bag mowers I have had before.I have a standard size front and back yard and it mows it beautifully . Very light weight mower ; makes turning corners , backing up , etc. very easy . Easy to store . It only takes a couple of times before you get your pattern down with the extension cord . It was actually a lot easier than I thought.My absolute favorite feature ? Push one button and you 're mowing . No gas , no oil , no charging , no fighting with the pull cord . LOVE THAT ! If you have any back or neck problems , this mower is for you.All in all , it exceeded my expectations . I prefer this mower over my last mower which was a heavy duty , self propelled gas mower with a bag . It just had too many start issues and was way to heavy for me.THANKS WORX !
 I used it twice and so far it works fine . Not sure about long time usage but while it is new I had no problem mowing my front and back yards lawns.The Worx is much lighter than my old gas powered lawn mower and easier to use . There is no noise but I had to be more careful with longer grass - it does not have same power as gas lawn mower .
 I have owned at least four previous electric mowers including a Sears and a Toro . This mower is by far the most powerful and satisfactory that I have used thus far . I was a little nervous about assembling the grass catcher after reading someone else 's review but I did it . Follow their directions though and , be advised , you need to push the two halves together pretty firmly . Once they click together , however , you 're in business . I love the close cut capability of this mower - it cuts much closer than any mower I have ever used so if you want to design your own putting green , this is the mower for you . This mower -LRB- almost -RRB- makes mowing your lawn fun !
 The Worx lawn mower is fairly simple to put together , simple to use , and stores conveniently . It is n't terribly loud , which is a good thing , yet powers through thick grass . The clippings catcher is nice because it has a `` window '' built into the bag for checking how full it is . As others have stated , this is a small lawn mower , so it would n't be practical for a lawn of greater than 1500 sg . ft. or so . The plug for the chord on this machine is more so convenient than other models I 've used , it 's flexible , and as is shown in pictures of the unit , it exists as a short chord attached to the handle . This makes maneuvering with an extension chord easier , as least for me . I think you 'll find this lawn mower a good value .
 When I bought this little lawn mower I thought it would be real hassle bagging the grass but amazingly the grass catcher is the easiest I 've ever used . Granted it does n't take much to fill it up but I almost like emptying it out.I have a quarter acre lot that became overgrown and it only took me a day to get the job done with a 16 '' mower ! I could start early because there is almost no noise coming from the machine . When you look underneath at the blades you have to wonder how something that looks like a fisher price toy can actually be accomplishing this work . The thing is very light and does n't need to be self propelled.I hope it is as reliable as it is functional ! If it stands up to time would be a home run product hands down .
 This is my first time writing a review for a product in Amazon eventhoughI have bought so many products from Amazon and never wrote a review even if its good!I got this product a week ago and I ca n't wait to open and see it so came home early just to open it . I 'm a new home owner and very exited to mow my lawn!I have to say I was pleased with the slick look and weight first of all . I started fixing it by looking at the manual . It was n't Rocket Science but I would say it can be better explained . Anyway it was a breeze mowing the lawn . My lawn is medium size and finished in less than 15 minutes . I have used Black n Decker 19inch -LRB- borrowed from my friend -RRB- and it was too heavy and difficult maneuver around my backyard and in my opinion did n't do a perfect job . Worx was only 16inch , weightless , easy to maneuver and finishes the job in no time perfectly !! . I was feeling like doing more as it was that cool . I would recommend to anybody who is skeptical to buy and use a lawn mower for the first time . The only reason I 'm giving 4 star is because I saw few scratches and paints gone in little amount and I suspected a refurbished being shipped to me . But I called the CustomerService and cleared that it was n't the case . I will have trust their words but that being said the product works great ! Go for it .
 First electric mower , I ordered mine thru Costco -LRB- on sale $ 199 no shipping charge -RRB- put together without directions with little problem , although I did need to break out the needlenose pliers to snap the grass catcher together -LRB- About 12 insert snaps -RRB- . I had mowed my front lawn about 4 days ago , so it was n't a problem , just getting used to the cord when I turn . The back lawn had about 3 weeks growth , and it did OK on it , but did bog down a few times , -LRB- I simply backed up and hit it again -RRB- and had to be dumped twice -LRB- bag/box removal very easy . I will try the mulch feature next week.Pro 's : Fairly Easy to put togetherlight weightworked good for my suburban yard -LRB- 600sqft front , 1000sqft back -RRB- Cons : cord gets in waysmall path means more passeswell see how well electric motor holds up -LRB- I expect 5-6 yrs -RRB- I 'm giving it 4 stars
 I have a small lawn and my colleagues suggested I buy an electric mower . Since winter is coming , I only mowed my lawn once . However , I had pretty long grass since I moved into my new house . This mower is powerful enough to cut them through without stalling . Also , it is small enough to store underneath the staircase in my garage . I just need to lower the handle and push it in . I brought a heavy duty 100ft extension cord and you do need to pay attention on how you mow the lawn .
 I have never written a review before even though I have bought many items from Amazon over the years , but this little lawn mower is top notch . I have a large front throw power mower that I have been using for many years . Last summer we put in a large deck in the back yard leaving only about a 10foot by 18 foot area with grass . Trying to use the front throw in that small area was almost impossible . I got this little guy about 5 weeks ago and it does as good if not better job than the big guy , and it is very easy to use . -LRB- I love it -RRB- I still use the big one in the front yard and probably will not use the Worx in the front . But for a small area you ca n't beat it .
 This mower is lightweight , compact , and extremely easy to use . The handle folds for easy storage . Not only is this easy for me to use , it 's more enviromentally friendly than those big , gas guzzling machines . Great for women !
 I have a small flat lawn and wanted a small , well-built mower to do the job . So far this product is everything I needed . The first time I cut with it the grass was pretty high so it had to work a little bit but now as long as I do n't let the grass grow too long between mows it works great . I do n't have much space in my garage so I like how this is small and easily folds down for storage . Assembly was fairly painless . It was delivered before the estimated delivery date . Because it 's electric , it is quieter , requires less maintenance , and does n't have gas fumes smell like a gas mower . I would give it 5 stars but I have n't had it long enough to say it 's long-lasting . But so far -LRB- 3 months -RRB- no problems
 Hi i 'm a disabled woman -LRB- wheelchair user full time -RRB- true I just recieved my Worx 13-Amp 16-Inch Electric Lawn Mower #WG 712 today and it worked just as I hope it would I live alone and my grass needed cutting badly so I looked up some info online and found this mower liked what I read and said I 'd give it a try so I mowed my own lawn today 4 the 1st time ever completly front and back I driver a power chair so I know your wondering how ? well it was easy I just held the mower with my left and and guided it as i drove behind it with my chair useing my right hand to drive my chair wow my neighbors were shocked to see me do it lol but i did and i 'm so proud and I love my new mower it was very easy to use and i had no trouble putting it together or getting the grass out of the holder in the back of it . I would recommend this mower .
 I purchased this lawnmower to keep in a shed in my backyard . It is perfect for the amount of grass that I have . It runs very quitely and does an excellent job cutting through the thick grass . It is also very light in weight . It can easily be picked up and moved around as the total weight is less than 40 pounds . It also has a nice feature of the handle folding down for storage . This feature will be great in the winter months when not in use . I would highly recommend this product . I think anyone who purchases it will be pleased .
 Worx is a very nice corded electric lawn mower . I really like the mulching feature and have never used the grass collector ; this is a real plus for me since it takes about 1.5 hours to do my garden . I works well on both my zoysia and `` normal NJ '' grass . It 's lightness makes easy work of the slope in front of the house . Managing the cord is a good trade of reduced power versus having a stinky , noisy , polluting gas mower.There was only two choices for big corded electric mowers for me living in NJ -RRB-
 If you or someone you know is a Texas A&M fan or student , this is a must have ! Beautiful lamp with brilliant colors . Great light to study by or just as an ornamental feature in a library or home office . Well built and sturdy piece . Item looks as though it cost much more than the price . Definitely a purchase you will not regret and if given as a gift , will make you an instant hit ! I bought for my oldest grandson who is a Freshman at the university and every student in his dorm was excited when they saw it . Great purchase !
 My previous battery had been over a year old and was n't holding a good charge , so I purchased this new battery from amazon . It was ready to go the minute I pulled it out of the box . It holds the charge much longer than the original battery that came with my worx gt .
 We had the old Worx trimmer and really liked it but after a few years the batteries did n't last very well . The new Worx charges so quickly and lasts much longer than the other one did . We love it !!
 It 's nice to have the extra battery . I have a big yard and I can counton my Battery 's to do the job .
 I bought a Worx edger trimmer a few years ago and it was time to replace the battery . The new battery was available at a good price and it works like a charm ! Charges up quickly and holds the charge great . In fact I can trim the yard twice without recharging it . Was a good purchase .
 I needed a backup battery , so I ordered this one . It seems to have more lasting power than the original . I recommend this to those looking for a second battery .
 Thank you for your prompt , speedy service . The product arrived quickly and was in decribed condition . Keep up the good work !!!
 I bought an extra battery mostly because I could not determine whether I would be getting one with the device . I did get one and it is very handy to have two because there 's never a need to wait for recharge . It 's a good solid device and it supports the best edger weed whacker I 've ever used . As I 've said elsewhere , not sure these are for professionals , more for home lawn care where you do n't want to carry a really heavy product , mess with gasoline or cord , and do n't like messing with bad spools and line breaks . So this battery supports that . The first four to five times you charge , you need to first let it run all the way down , then charge for several hours . Once you get past the breakin stage , the battery charges in an hour and stays good for a long time . I am still in the breakin stage so I can not tell you as the ad says on tv that you can go around a football field twice . I do n't want to do that . I just want to get around my little lawn and raised beds and this is working great . Got a much better price on Amazon than available anywhere else on line and saved $ 30 - $ 50 on the tv price .
 GOT THE BATTERY IN GOOD TIME . CHARGES AND WORKS GOOD FOR A NICAD BATTERY . LITHIUM ION LASTS LONGER BUT I DO N'T THINK THEY MAKE THIS PARTICULAR KIND OF BATTERY IN LITHIUM ION . OVERALL OK PRODUCT .
 So far , this battery seems to be performing well . I 've only used it twice so it might be too early to give an honest review .
 What others are saying is true . The replacement battery is kickin ! Runs for a long time without recharging . After charging I take it off of the charger and do n't connect it to the trimmer if not using right away . I think that this will help keep the charge till it is ready to use . Because of the decent price for a great replacement I am now happy again that i bought this trimmer in the first place
 Works great , just like new , best and easiest edger I `` ve ever used , new battery did the trick .
 Having the battery pack allows me to keep working without having to stop and wait for one battery to be charged up . I am happy with it 's perfomance and it 's ability to maintain current RPMs for cutting .
 The batteries I ordered arrived in a timely manner and they were the correct product for my weed wacker and hedger . The price was reasonable I was not able to get a better price anywhere else .
 THis battery works like a charm and has brought my Worx power tools back to life !!!
 The battery that came with the unit we bought a year ago has stopped charging , and we needed a replacement . We were a little hesitant to purchase a new one because we 're afraid we 'd have to buy another one next year . When we got this and charged it up , it worked better on the first use than the original one ever had . We anticipate being able to use it for several years .
 I found that the Worx WG150 line trimmer works great but when battery gets about 3/4 low or in use for about 3/4 of battery charge , the weed eater does n't cut hardly at all . So I ordered a spare battery to be able to swap out batteries when I need too and always have one on charge .
 Replacement battery was one that we needed as a spare . With a yard our size and the 20 minute , or less run time , just was n't long enough for us to complete the trimming . Would probably search out another unit which gives better run times .
 like the battery . good price . takes most of the day to charge . plug it in a night before to charge ... i guess
 I bought this trimmer WG150-1X3P For $ 99.99 back in 2008 It has been the best little `` worx horse '' we ever used Just today April 28 2012 the fully charged battery only ran for about 10 minutes so I ordered my husband the new 24 volt lithium powered trimmer . Now heres the guestion do I buy a new 18 volt battery for my old trimmer for the price of $ 53.00 or should I buy a brand new WG150 for $ 79.00 ?
 A great product I recommend it to those persons that use WROX products , I know that it is recommended that I not be to short in my review , but there is nothing more to say than it is a great product.WORX WA3152 18-Volt NiCad Battery for WG150/WG541/WG901 .1 / WG250
 I have had the Worx trimmer for several years and finally decided to get another battery . I did n't realize how much that would help ! To have two batters makes it so much easier to trim our yard . I wish I would have gotten this when I bought the trimmer .
 Product came in timely manner . It is keeping the charge very well . It is an expensive cost , but it is that or buy a whole other unit . I would prefer gas operated but I can never get them started .
 This battery works as advertised . Although I wish it lasted a little bit longer . If you have a decent sized yard , you 'll definitely need two batteries .
 good price , good product , the first batterys I had from Worx last about three years , so iam sure the new ones will too
 I needed very badly this article to do my job at hom now I can do it very easy and fast . tank you Amazon
 I recently purchased a WORX 3 Combo of cordless lawn tools -LRB- hedge trimmer , leaf blower ; Lawn Edger -RRB- and I got a great price and speedy delivery . I was contacted by Positec USA immediately after the sale with a letter thanking me for the purchase and a tracking number for the product ... Great Company , Great produce
 I have two old worx batteries which does n't keep enough charge to cut the grass - it sounds as if it is working , but there is not enought power to cut . Have them for about 1 1/2 years - do n't know what the expected battery life is . This new one charged and worked well so far like the first 2 did in the early stages - it has only been 4 days - so I 'll try it a bit more and may considered getting another back up.THe worx trimmer is really good and does what it says , but you must have good batteries . Wish there was a more powerful battery upgrade though .
 RECEIVED SHORT TIME AFTER ORDERED ... WAS WELL PACKED AND SEMI CHARGED ... TOOK ONLY AFEW HOURS TO COMPLETE CHARGE ... THANK YOU AMAZON !
 I have a Worx Trimmer and wanted to get a second power pack.I enjoy a second power pack so I can do my entire yard at one time . A single power pack does not last long enough for me to trim my yard as well as all the edging .
 Orginal battery went out in less than a year . I was surprised to get an OEM delivered when I ordered this , but it is working so far so good with much more power than the original . We 'll have to see if this one lasts more than a year or not ?
 I bought this battery as a backup when I bought the Worx edger and trimmer . When fully charged the battery works great for a little less than an hour , but it has to be allowed to cool down before you can put it in the charger . Not a great plan . A person almost needs 2 spares if the edging/trimming job is over 2 hours .
 This product is great . The battery fits all my Worx power equipment , and amazon had such great pricing !
 I have had my battery for about 6 weeks now and it works great . The price was right .
 So glad I now have the extra battery . I love my WORX edger & the extra battery helps me complete my edging all in one day .
 BEST PRICE ON THE NET , FAST DELIVERY . BATTERY WORKS BETTER THAN WHAT CAME WITH TRIMMER .
 WORX Trimmer works great , BUT , NiCad Battery only lasts a few years.Replacement battery is like a new lease on life -LRB- for the trimmer -RRB- .
 After having the original battery for 5 years and having it slow down to only 30 minutes use , it was wonderful to get the new one which will go all day .
 works well with my current machine . I keep it charged so I can use it whenever I 'm reday to do the yard work
 Great , I really needed this item for my blower to work and it fits and I ca n't put my blower down .
 use my worx weed eater all the time in the summer . it is a great product and it is easy to use
 It was actually charged when I got it , so i was able to test it out right away . It worked . It actually seemed to give a little more power than my old battery . Its nice to have a backup though , b/c now I can do all my trimmming at one time . The price was the best part of this purchase . Worx GT charges $ 60 for the same exact battery .
 When you buy ANY tool that uses a rechargeable battery , you should always buy a second battery . I did this when I bought my original WORX GT -LRB- not the lithium battery -RRB- . When it is out of use during winter I simply rotate the `` old '' batteries in the charger -LRB- they lose charge when sitting in non-use -RRB- . My old batteries are still woking absolutely fine , and I expect that when the time comes for new batteries , the new Lithium Ion batteries will be even better . Use common sense in taking care of your tools and they will work for a long time . Do n't expect to `` set it and forget it '' - even with something gas-powered , and expect it to work great .
 I bought a replacement Worx WA3152 18 volt battery from Amazon for my Worx Wg150 trimmer/edger . It arrived quickly and safely . It took a charge and works very good so far . It seems to be more powerful than the old one was when new .
 It arrived on a timely basisIt hold a charge wellNo problem with the productI would recommend the vendor
 Battery was new the box , went on the charger and used the following day . Works on the line trimmer and hedge trimmer . Seller did a good job !
 Decent product . Battery life pretty good - however , the last two batteries only lasted about four to five years . They were only used for residential non-commercial applications .
 We bought this lightweight WORX lawn edger because of its ease to operate . If you have a replacement battery you can always have it charged and ready to use . great product
 This is the exact same battery as on the Workx website , but $ 10.00 less in price . Workx does include string spools but these are free from Workx anytime .
 good price , good deal . I was skeptical due to the problems with these type of batteries in general , but it works just fine . It 's been a while and it is still ticking . Shipping was fast too . I am a happy customer and will buy from this seller again . Thank you
 This was a fantastic buy . The article was in excellent shape , charged fine , shipping and service were right on the money and the cost for the article was teriffic . I was lucky to be in the right place at the right time to be able to purchase this item .
 Excellent battery replacement . Prolongs usage . Very important to have two of these . A good product . I recommend the weed whacker by this company as well .
 this is a replacement battery . It seems to be as good or better than the one that will not hold charge that it is replacing
 Was ready to throw out the fairly new weed eater . Then I thought `` go to your go to place '' and made the purchase of the battery . Fixed . Thank you
 I received my new black and decker trimmer/edger , it is a great trimmer i used the next day after i received it , i like it because you do not have to bump it on the ground for the string to come out , it is also powerful and does a great job . I would recommend it to anyone . Thanks Leroy Stevens sandytootsie@aol.com
 Local superstores -LRB- Lowes and Home Depot -RRB- do n't carry this product any more since it 's so cheap . But it does n't require batteries , it works flawlessly , and did I say it does n't require batteries ?
 Excellent product especially for the money . While comparable instruments can cost twenty times as much , this little unit never fails . It 's a stud .
 So , I have one of those fancy stud finders ... . was a gift . Feel like an idiot , can not seem to work the fancy one . . Drilled 6 holes where it was supposed to have a stud , but all missed . I had mis-placed my little yellow magnet , so I was trying the fancy one . Went to lowes and home depot to find my little yellow magnet , but neither carried one . The sales people did n't understand what I was looking for , just keep showing me the fancy -LRB- expensive -RRB- ones . Finally found my little yellow magnet on amazon and order two !! And I also found my old one . I keep the three in seperate places so hopefully I can always find one .
 It 's a magnet on a pivot in a clear plastic dome . It finds the metal studs in teh walls of my apartment like no amount of tapping or even exploratory drilling would . Be aware that True Value will charge you more for the shipping than item actually costs , but that could be because it is so cheap . Am I the only person in the world who would order something so ridiculous from the internet instead of just going to the hardware store ? The shipping delay meant I did n't have to hang those shelves for a few extra days , and New York City hardware stores truly suck anyway . If you buy this , buy something else for the home improvement project from True Value so that the shipping does n't seem like a rip-off .
 As best as I can remember this tool has been around for at least 40 year . Best tool for finding studs . It just takes a little practice and technique.Most walls have a little bump in a couple of places where there is a nail ; this is the easiest place to start . The next best way is 4 feet off the floor using a circular motion to about 3 above and 3 inches below the 4 foot elevation , as you move either left or right . Studs are mostly on 16 in centers , older homes could be on 24 '' centers . It will work on walls that are not smooth ; just hold it ever so slightly off the wall , as you move it . I hold the finder at a slight tilt left to right so my hand motion does not let the magnet rock . -LRB- False indication -RRB- . The reason it does not seem to work well for most is ; unrealistic expectations , unfamiliarity on how it works and a lack of patience . Today everyone wants instant success.P.S . The nail or screw in fairly near the center of the stud .
 I picked this little thing up from Sears , for the sake of redundancy after my digital stud finder gave me some trouble . It has a strong little magnet and found drywall nails perfectly .
 I looked at more expensive options and decided to give this a try since it was so cheap . I just moved into a new apartment and used it to hang all of my artwork and anchor bookshelves . It worked really well , and I 'm glad I did n't spend any more !
 Do n't waste your $ on some expensive stud finder , this will find the nail just as wasy if you have an I.Q. over 10 . People that give bad reviews on this are clueless .
 Sometimes the expensive high tech stud detectors just do not work , this simple magnetic one does the trick . I mmisplaced my other one , and realized how bad I needed it . I could not find a replacement locally , then I found one on Amazon .
 does what it is designed to do and less than $ 4 , what else do you expect , this is not a $ 100 stud-finder
 Just cut a bunch of half blind dovetails in cherry with these . They were easy to sharpen -LRB- backs were nice and flat -RRB- and stayed sharp . Wood handles are a little square so they do n't roll away and they really took a beating . They 're also comfortable to hold . Blades are thin enough to fit into the corners of the dovetails . I first ordered the set but had to switch to getting them one at a time when the set was out of stock . Would somebody please ask them to make one in 1/8 inch ?
 Made very well , I used them to cut dovetails in curly maple with no problems . They held their edge well . Also these are made in England not in China like the Irwin Marples .
 These Footprint chisels were highly rated recently by Fine Woodworking Magazine . In their tests the Footprint beech handle chisels held their edge better than Lie-Nielsen ! That 's hard for me to believe , but that was their test result . I bought a set . They really are excellent ! Excellent steel that was easily honed sharp enough to shave with . And they appeal to woodworkers because the handles are beech , not plastic . They are round with a flat area on top and bottom . This prevents them from rolling off the bench . Finally , you get a set of four for under $ 50 ! Very happy with my purchase !
 These scored very highly in a FWW article comparing chisels and are way cheaper than most of the other sets.I spent about 10 minutes on each chisel flatting the back and putting a good edge on and have been very pleased . Do n't expect these chisels , or any , to come sharp out of the box.They feel very good in my hand and have stood up to quite a bit of hitting with a wooden mallet.Would purchase again .
 Chisel handles are comfortable oval shaped . They seem to have good balance . Definitely not ready the way they came in cheap plastic packaging . Each requires about 30 minutes of flattening the back and honing . For comparison , my Lie Nielsen socket bevel-edge chisel costs more than this whole set and still requires 10 minute.Good steel when properly honed and keep its edge well
 It took a little bit of time on the stone to get the grinding marks off the bevels , but I have come to expect this with any tool that has an edge . Stropped them up to razor sharpness and have been working with them for a while now , without any noticeable need for re-stropping . The handles easily take repeated hard mallet blows and are flat , front and back , so they wo n't roll off the bench . I purchased these for use by my woodworking students and I may be purchasing more . -LRB- Where else can you find a set of real , good-quality English-made chisels for this price ? -RRB- I would recommend these to anyone who needs a reliable set that will actually take and hold an edge .
 Terrific hook that really does hold 2 robes . Do n't settle for a cheap imitation . This one is beautiful , heavy duty , and matchees the other pieces in the Victorian Collection perfectly .
 This robe hook is nicely finished and attractive , and it has a quality look , but it is much larger than what I expected . The outside measurement between the two prongs is 3 and 3/4 Inches , and the hook extends nearly 4 inches from the door . It 's a big thing . Still , I am happy with the purchase .
 This robe hook 's depth is deeper than the door stop on my door , so when the door opens against the wall , the hook hits the wall first . This is a concern if you want to mount it on the back of a door .
 Our builder used the Delta Victorian fixtures in our bathroom , but did n't put in a robe hook . When I found this one , I was elated . It 's really nice and heavy duty . It looks -LRB- and works -RRB- great !
 This is just so very beautiful - I like them so much that I bought 4 , one for each bath ! I have all the matching items too like the faucets , curtain rods , towel rods , etc. . If you 're renovating a Victorian , this is a definite choice . The bronze is just perfect - very elegant and fitting . We hang both towels and robes from them without any trouble whatsoever . They are installed in the wood , not in the drywall or on a door . I would suggest NOT buying this for a wood door installation - you need one that actually has extended screws in the plate to secure it properly . This one is ONLY meant for a wall/stud mount . Try Restoration Hardware for the ones with the extended screws -LRB- ones you can see from the front and screw in on the front -RRB- . Great , great product , highly recommend !
 It 's nice to be able to easily find high quality coordinating bath fixtures to go with high quality Delta faucets .
 Delta Faucet 75035-RB Victoria , Robe Hook in Bronze . When we purchased a new kitchen faucet 6 years ago , it came with this free robe hook , which we installed on the cabinet next to the kitchen sink , on which to hang our kitchen towels . I actually sewed loops -LRB- of bias tape -RRB- in the center of each of my towels , so they would not slide off the hook . When I decided we could use a towel -LRB- robe -RRB- hook on the cabinet on the other side of the sink , I search Amazon . I did n't really want to pay $ 23.63 for it , but heck the first one was free , and I had enough items to get FREE SHIPPING!The bronze towel hooks do their job and are a nice compliment to the bronze kitchen faucet . I highly recommend this for hanging a towel or robe with a loop on it .
 I already had the towel bar , towel loop and one robe hook in my bath , and wanted a few more robe hooks . They are durable if mounted properly in the wall.I really like the oil rubbed bronze .
 JUST LOVE VENETIAN BRONZE HARDWARE FOR MY BATHROOM , THAT I PURCHASED A COMPLETE SET OF VENETIAN BRONZE TOWEL BARS , SWITCH PLATES & ROB HOOKS ALSO
 The Felo 550 Series are the best screwdrivers I have ever used . Not only are they some kind of tough -- years of use and no appreciable signs of wear -- but they are just absolutely a pleasure to use . I have literally hundreds of screwdrivers . When I need a slotted/flathead or Phillips screwdriver in the size these come in , I 'll find myself rummaging through my screwdriver drawers to find the Felo 550 series to use -- sometimes spending a considerable amount of time looking and passing over dozens of other Phillips or Slotted screwdrivers in the size I need to find the Felo 550 Series -- they are just an absolute pleasure to use . I originally bought just a single Felo 552 No. 2 Phillips , which , strangely , was the lone Felo Screwdriver I saw at my local Fry 's Electronics store . It was n't like I needed a No. 2 Phillips , but I just happened to pick it up , it felt unusually good in my hand , so I bought it . It did n't take long before I just did n't want to use any other screwdriver and was looking for this brand and model/series in other sizes.I have a lot of very good screwdrivers manufactured by lot of very good companies including Wera , Witte , Wiha , Knipex , Klein , and SabreTooth , but I find the Felo 550 Series to be noticeably better than anything else -LRB- the Slotted/Flathead screwdrivers are 550s , the Phillips are the 552s -RRB- . I have tried other Felo screwdrivers , namely several from their 400 series and 500 series ; they were nice screwdrivers , but I did n't find them to be noticeably better than other screwdrivers like I do the 550 series . In short , I think these -- the Felo 550/552 Series -- are simply and absolutely the finest screwdrivers made.My Gripe
 These are the best screwdrivers you can find in amazon!great ergonomicsgreat finishesbest design.very functionala great tool !
 Great service , arrived ahead of schedule . Certainly appreciate being able to buy a quality product and save more than 50 % of OEM prices .
 These are very nice flip flops . Several people have told me how cool the design looks on the shoe . I would say you might want to order a size up . Because I had to go one size up , and even then it was a close fit .
 I 'm your typical Californian . Lived up north in Santa Cruz , CA for a while , and learned how to really wear shorts , t-shirts , and sandals . Now I 'm addicted ! I ca n't walk around without sandals and shorts anymore , just does n't feel right.Anyhow , I ordered these guys because my old pair was wearing out . -LRB- The strap actually broke while I was driving , super lame . -RRB- These are pretty nice , casual sandals . Very lightweight , thin , and stylish . They do n't require any breaking in , they feel really comfortable at first wear . They are n't stiff , and bend nicely with your foot.I 'm giving them 4 out of 5 stars because I actually prefer a slightly thicker sandal . This will probably wear out within 2 months of everyday usage . They are definitely worth purchasing if you want something simple and stylish to wear around .
 This is a great all leather sandal . Very comfortable and perfect fit by size .
 Great leather flip flops ! Bought them for my husband and he really likes them . Great look , great fit . I wear Reef 's Ginger flip flops and want a pair like this too !
 Like the sandals , but unless you like them short and narrow SIZE UP ! I typically wear a 10.5 in most shoes . I sized up to an 11 and they were too small . Returned them and ordered a 12 .
 This is the second pair of the smoothies I have owned . I have nerve damage in my feet and many shoes cause my feet to ache . These are always comfortable from day one and the way the conform and fit my feet causes them to feel relaxed .
 These look like a good quality flip flop . It 's still winter , have n't had a chance to try them out yet .
 Just what I was looking for ! They look great and they 're very comfortable ! Sizing seems true to size . Not too big , not too small .
 I have loved Reef sandals from the womb , but I finally convinced my husband to try them ! He was comfortable from the moment he put them on and even said they are the only flip flops he will buy from now on also !!
 Im very happy with this sandal . Soft and confortable . With sandals its different size chart . if you are 10.5 you have to purchase 10 not 11 .
 This was ordered for a 18 year old teenager , who loves them . They were delivered on time , and kept me informed with emails from the time I paid for until they were delivered to my door . Would order this product again .
 I was so happy when I found these flip flops for so cheap . I looked around the malls and searched store to store and found nothing close to this price . I bought them for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them . He wears them every day . I am so happy .
 These Reef Sandals are probably the fourth pair that I 've owned . I got my first pair as a gift from a girlfriend and I 've liked them , ever since . This pair has been the most comfortable pair that I have owned so far . They are extremely lightweight . This pair may not offer the same support as some of the thicker , heavier plastic sandals but , the lightweight and smooth leather insoles more than make up for it . They just feel great to wear . They are great sandals and they are extremely versatile . You can wear them anywhere and they look stylish and comfy . So far , all my Reef Sandals have proven to be comfortable , stylish , durable and relatively long-lasting . If they get a little dirty , just wash them , let them air-dry and they look almost new again.I recommend Reef sandals / flip-flops for guys and girls . There 's a great selection of girl 's and guy 's Reef Sandals . They also look great on the girls and they seem to love them too , especially here in FL where they can basically be worn year-round . They make a great gift for that special girl in your life . You ca n't go wrong by buying a girl a pair of shoes , they can never have too many pairs , right ? LOL : - -RRB-
 I have sweaty feet and have found that this is the only sandal -LRB- Reef Smoothy -RRB- that my sweaty feet will not slide out of when it is hot and I am walking . Plus they are comfortable , durable , and last for years . I have had one of my pears for seven years now and still wear them .
 im the kinda guy who wears flip flops 24/7 even in winter and these things seem very durable and fit to your feet well and i have very flat feet . However there are very obvious marks where my toes are they just look like wear and tear of leather and kind of add to the look i think . all in all these are aweesome flip flops and i would recommend them to anyone
 The most amazing flip flop a guy will ever wear . I wear a size 12 in other flips , but got a size 13 in these . Right out of the box they felt awesome - a few days of wearing and they were AMAZINGLY AWESOME ! They are so darn comfortable it is unbelievable . Plus the styling goes so well with both shorts , or in the cooler weather a pair of jeans.Don ' t waste money on more expensive flip flops when these guys go the distance . Remember guys , order one size up for best fit .
 Just got my pair and I love them . Well made , exactly the same color as I ordered , and they 're some of the most comfortable shoes I own . Ca n't go wrong here , so I 'm not sure where the negative reviews are coming from . I hesitated before buying because of some of the weird feedback on this site , but I 'm glad I went ahead with it . Great purchase . I wear size 10.5 , ordered size 11 , they fit perfectly . Love them .
 The slippers are true to the size and really comfortable . I only buy reef slippers because there good quality and last a long time .
 These sandals are just as better than my last pair of Rainbows at half the price . They look and feel awesome , and they are super comfy . The fit is exactly the same as a nike running shoe .
 Reef sandals are the only way to go ! Comfortable and stylish ! Great transaction ! Great price , product , and service . Amazon is a great place to shop !
 I ordered the Bronze/Brown leather Reefs to wear while working from home . They have a lighter-colored tread which does n't leave marks on our lighter colored carpet . They are very comfortable and very well built . I went with the recommendation of ordering one size larger than I normally wear . I usually wear a size 12 Asics shoe . Therefore , I ordered a size 13 reef sandal . They fit perfectly !
 I bought these for my boyfriend , who loved them . They do run a bit small . He wears an 11 1/2 and the 12 fit comfortably . Attractive and stylish as brown flip flops go .
 It 's good to know that if you 're considering this particular sandal , that the soles are thinner than some other Reef 's out there . That said , these feel and fit great as expected !
 Comfortable while walking , but bit soft sole and good apperance too , if u like soft sole i would recommend this
 They look great and should be even better once I break them in . They are on the smaller size when it comes to length . If you where a size 11 , your heel will be very close to the edge . So if you prefer to have a little bit more space between the heel and the back of the flop I would go a half size bigger . For me I prefer my heel to be almost flush with the back so I am happy with the product .
 Purchased for my son ; it 's a good looking slide that looks good on his feet . Great for easy days around the house or beach .
 The flip flops are fantastic , we love this brand . What 's not to like ? Comfy and casual - great year round footwear for Florida .
 not the exact color I thought it was but they are my favorite type of sandals.The only thing that would make it a 5 is if they added a bottle opener and a secret key compartment .
 I 've worn leather sandals for years that ranged from $ 10 at Target that last about 6 months then fall apart to nicer Rainbows at $ 45 that last a year or so . These sandals are by far the most comfortable I 've owned and have lasted 6 months so far with no problems ! Great purchase with years of use to come !
 Exactly what I thought I ordered . Very nice sandals . Had to exchange for a bigger size but this was my mistake .
 These flip flops are divine . The name is n't misleading at all -- the footbed is as smooth as can be . The straps are short enough that your feet do n't really `` flip '' or `` flop '' when walking , and durable enough that they do n't stretch . I have been complaining about stretching issues with reefs for years , but these do n't have that problem . Overall a great buy.Note
 This is my first leather sandal by Reef and it is growing on me . You need to break it in , unlike their other Reef sandals that are really comfortable from the getgo . This one is becoming more comfortable as I wear it . I am still not taking long walks but it might become one of my favorites .
 Really comfortable sandals . The bottom is sort of falling off though and I 've only had them for about three months .
 What more can be said about Reef Flip Flops ... Excellent quality , comfortable , looks great with shorts or pants . Ca n't go wrong . Perfect fit .
 I bought these for my husband ... he has n't worn them yet -LRB- they 're a Christmas gift -RRB- , but I 'm really hopeful that they 'll hold up to his abuse ! LOL : -RRB-
 These are the most confortable sandals i 've ever worn ! They are super durable . Would n't get anything other than reefs . Also look into their bottle opener sandals !
 Compr&eacute; estas sandalias para un regalo de cumplea & ntilde ; os de mi hermano , y cuando las recib&iacute; me gustaron mucho son de muy buena calidad y muy c&oacute;modas bastante suaves , el cuero el da un buen estilo . Las recomiendo yo quiero unas !
 Light and confortable style , leather look , strong design , also , arrived pretty soon ; they look bigger than they are . Good deal .
 First time wearing these I spent all day walking around Boston . Super comfy , and no issues . The last time I bought sandals I broke them in walking around Philadelphia and ended up getting blisters . Not the case this time , they even got wet and are still going strong .
 I received exactly what I ordered . They are of same quality of Reef 's that I 've bought in the store.My husband has worn them for over a month now and he has no complaints .
 This is an awesome hammer . I own alot of hammers . I 'm a carpenter , and a collector of hammers . I used a 5.00 hammer all the way to a 250.00 hammer , and i own these . this hammer is by far the best i 've used . simple , durable great balance and it will be in you tool bag the next day if you leave it at the site . ca n't beat the price . you 'll probably wear out before the hammer does . but everyone is different . i have no complaints . buy it .
 if you do not have a set of Gear Wrenched this is an excellent set to start with , the flexible head allows the wrenches to get into very tight places
 I have a set of these and i tell you , they are all you need for DIY jobs and automotive worksthe standard combination wrench in itself is a blessing as you have two options for removing the bolt . if you need full grip and torque , use the box head , if you need quick turning and accessibility , use the open endbut combining the ratcheting action plus flex head and you have an engineering perfection!Add to the fact that there is an accessory wherein you can turn this into a 1/2 , 1/4 , 3/8 socket wrench.but take note that because you now have moving parts -LRB- flex head and ratchet -RRB- this should not be used for very stubborn bolts or over torquing a bolt.the ratchet mechanism is not designed for that much torque -LRB- it is not indestructible -RRB- you will still need maybe a box wrench -LRB- two box head in one -RRB- and a power handle to complete the set.for me , buy this one instead of the two ratchet in one , you will still need the open end wrench .
 i ordered the sae and metric sets of these wrenches and theyve been great so far . you barely have to turn them to get them to ratchet back . you can get a lot done in tight spaces .
 As always gearwrench makes excellent tools . Solid , heavy , well finished wrenches . Excellent for getting at those hard to reach places . This set includes the sizes that normally get skipped so its complete . Love them !
 A coworker of mine had the Gearwrench set for a few months and after tiring of walking down to his space to borrow them , I decided to get my own.These are great . If you are working in a tight area and the fastener is even slightly rusted , these are the ticket . Highly recommended especially at this price .
 There are some projects that require these tools . If you need them , you have to have them .
 although the wooden material could have been a little sturdier-the cart itself is very usefull-i use it for all garden chores as well as hauling other items such as garbage to the curb .
 I am delighted with my garden cart . It has made the work of hauling dirt or material so much easier . With the front piece essily removeable I can dump the material fast . It 's a great addition to my garden equipment .
 I was in need of a yard/garden cart for hauling wood , brush , gardening stuff , etc. as the wheelbarrow does n't work that well in all situations . I read all the reviews I could find on this cart ; some pro , some con , and decided to go for it . So far so good.The assembly was n't bad . The instructions were fairly explanatory and straightforward , and all the hardware was included . The welds on the metal parts were decent and the paint job was good on all parts . I decided to add flat washers to each bolt on the inside -LRB- against the plywood -RRB- to ensure that they did n't dig into or pull through the wood , and to provide a tight , solid hold . It helped to have an awl handy for lining up the holes when mounting metal frame pieces to the wooden sides and bottom . Assembly time was probably an hour.I would n't call this cart `` heavy duty '' but it certainly seems adequate for a good workout on our homestead . I have found it to be a pretty tough and versatile so far , at least for home use . I have used it for hauling firewood , brush , and yard waste , and it easily handles a hefty load . It seems pretty well balanced so it is n't too heavy on the handle when pushing/pulling loads . I am glad I did n't get the 14 cubic foot cart that I see is available ; I think it would be too big -LRB- and heavy -RRB- for many projects , and more difficult to navigate in wooded areas.Time will tell how it holds up , but the workmanship seems decent -LRB- especially considering its origin-China -RRB- and I would n't hesitate to get another one if needed . It sure beats pushing the wheelbarrow around . I would probably give it a 5-star but I have n't had it long enough to make that endorsement .
 The cart was delivered promptly to my door . I put it together in about an hour , and it was ready to go . The huge wheels make it easy to travel over all the different kinds of terrain we have on the property . Having the dump feature with the sliding front panel is terrific.It 's wider than my wheelbarro so it wo n't make it through a couple of my gates.I have to take the long way around to get to the side yard .
 THIS IS THE BEST BUY I HAVE MADE IN YEARS . I AM 80 AND HAVE BEEN FIGHTING A WHEELBARROW FOR ALMOST THAT LONG . EVEN THOUGH IT IS A BIT FLIMSY , I WILL BUY ANOTHER EVEN IF IT ONLY LASTS 3 MONTHS
 Good cart , but because of poor packaging , original had to be replaced for lost part
 This cart is a little pricey , but well worth the money . For yard and garden work this cart beats a wheelbarrel .
 Got the Agri-Fab 7-Cubic Foot Garden Cart to replace an old , worn-out garden cart . It 's smaller and a bit more cheaply made , but came at a much lower price . Thanks to the earlier reviewer who suggested adding washers at the screw heads on the inside of the cart , it is fairly sturdy . Though smaller , it 's big enough for gardening chores on our flower and vegetable beds . I 'd never call it a farm cart , but it 's a decent , little garden cart .
 Agri-Fab 7-Cubic-Foot Garden Cart # 45-0176I have done construction work for 35 years and have been an organic gardener for as long . This cart is the most economical labor saving device one can obtain . It is more versatile and maneuverable and can handle 300 lb . loads without a problem . My wife uses it as much as I do and is as admiring as I am .
 Easy to put together and is just the right size . Much better than the wheelbarrow it replaced .
 Could not find cart anywhere until here it came when they said and I already use it . easy construction , and works better than I thought.Thanks.Cm
 No complaints about this cart ... it assembled easily and works well .
 I am impressed with this cart which I have been using on my horse / chicken ranch for about two weeks now . The square footage is just about perfect for feed buckets and hauling hay for two to three horses at a time . Much bigger than that , and I think it would be quite heavy and cumbersome . The material quality is great - heavy duty components and hardware was all complete . If you are not a do-it-yourselfer , you may need a minor in engineering to assemble this thing . Again , there are lots of components that just come to you loose but the directions were quite good if you follow them so , take your time , sip a beer and do n't get in a hurry and you 'll end up with a great cart.Jan '12 UPDATE
 Very good garden cart . Found out I could have paid a lower price elsewhere , but found out after I purchased it . It pays to shop around .
 I absolutely love my new cart , I moved most of my plants previously with a whellbarrow . Potted plants , bags of soil did not sit flat like they do now . Bigger wheels allow for ease of handling .
 I was looking for a cart to carry my wood cutting tools such as two power saws , bar oil , 2 gal gas can , a couple wedges and an 8 pound splitter . I noticed this litte cart on Amazon , i thought it would be what I was looking for and as it turned out it was , it carries everything just fine . I will probably use it for other projects but it fulfils my primary project .
 works like a champ , did wait the 7 days to cure though ... have beat the crap out of it and is still in one peice
 The handle seems well made and fit my splitting maul just fine , but the epoxy requires `` 6-7 days to cure before using '' . So if you are expecting to put the new handle on and go right to work , you 'll be disappointed .
 Well my last maul handle was shorter than the new Fiberglass handle , When I was splitting wood and missed the spot where I was aiming , and hit the edge of wood . The wooden handle would crack , SO I would just saw it off and put it back together , making it shorter each time I miss.So when I used the new Fiberglas Handle for the first time I missed , Because it was now a longer handle . Well It did NOT crack and I still missed a few more times , Just getting use to the new longer Handle . Well it still has not cracked or broke and still Stronger than ever . I am so happy I bought this Fiberglass Handle.and Now I can quit buying wooden handles .
 Quick service , great product and easy to install . Just need a piece of duct tape -LRB- should be included -RRB- .
 A good sturdy down rod with very durable paint coat . Fit well with our Minka-Aire fan . Would most likely work with other brands .
 The pictures of this only do a so-so job of depicting it . It 's really a lot more beautiful in person . Pricey for a night light , I admit , but it 's a lot cheaper than most other artwork you might hang on your wall . It adds a bit of class to our son 's room !
 This is always the first socket set I grab out of my tool cart when working on vehicles and such . The thinner walled sockets dont stick out as far making them fit into spots other socket/ratchet combos just wont . The pass-thru system makes the need for deep well sockets obsolete . These are great for just about any occasion , thier only limit is if you need a very long extension to reach something . Other than that , they are ideal for automotive work and more.After having this set for s few years now , I couldnt imagine working without one . I must have for any toolbox ! -LRB- Also consider the set that has 1/4 '' pass-thru drive as well as the 3/8 '' which is also available on Amazon.com -RRB- .
 Picked this set up for a coil-over suspension install I was doing on my 03 Audi A4.This ratchet was able to fit into places a standard ratchet would not and I was able to remove the nut on top of the strut with this ratchet while I passed a Allen key though the center to keep the strut shaft from spinning.Quality seems good , did n't have any rounded edges ofter using them all weekend on suspension components which require a good amount of force to break free.For the price everyone should have this kit in the garage .
 I looked long and hard before ordering a socket set . I love this set , great range of sizes and extensions , great price , and great technology in allowing a bolt to go right through the hollow setup . This is a solid set . Highly recommended .
 It works great for locations where you have a long stud and want to use a ratchet.The ratchet is a bit stiff but might break in with further use.Chrome has minor scuffs and scratches on it but nothing excessive especially at this price point .
 The GearWrench design is really clever , allowing this socket wrench to be used in many ways a traditional wrench can not . I especially appreciated the pass-thru design which allows the wrench to be used with bolts which extend beyond the nut , or in areas with limited clearance . Yet the wrench will work with all your existing sockets as well . Very satisfied !
 I 've used this on about ~ 10 occasions for very light work on my motorcycles.Seems solid , quality made , very portable , and does the job right .
 love these . I have a set in both drives , and I can use them on anything . would recommend to anyone that needs regular and deep size sockets wrenches . nice case ,
 Almost a must have for the lay mechanic . They can be used where a regular socket will not work and on long bolts or even in restricted areas wher a wrench can not fit .
 If you have n't used a pass-through socket wrench , you 're making some situations way too hard for yourself . And , this set a very good one for the price .
 I found this while searching for a specialty tool that I needed to complete a job on a Ford . I was amazed by the design and decided to give it a shot . It was worth it since the one socket that I needed from Ford was twice the price of this entire kit . The socket set worked perfectly and I really liked the design that the company produced . I have used this on a few other jobs that required specialty sockets and was glad that I ordered this as soon as I saw it on Amazon . I would highly recommend this to anyone .
 I was looking for a metric only set before since i did n't want to carry around extra bits , but i settled on this one . It only weighs may be 50 grams more than a craftsman 3/8 socket wrench and the extra volume does n't make it noticeable . It does create a more shallow profile than other wrenches , but i did not test out the deep socket capabilities on it . The sockets seem to have less or equal giggle play in it than the craftsman too.I wanted to use this as the `` one '' to pull out to do most jobs . I think it would do that well if it came with a 8mm socket . So i just got a standard 8mm and hooked it up to the adapter and store it in the convenient compartment where the handle rests . The price was good and I wanted a full set with a case instead of scouring the bottom of a bag for tools . I can attest to the quality as well . To be honest I could n't stop staring at it since i bought it ! It is my first wrench and socket box set and it looks so foreign compared to the traditional sockets and wrenches i have been using .
 I do n`t know what to say except this is an excellent tool and price . You will find a lot of practical uses for it such as on threaded rod or it ` s must to take bumpers of newer mercedes benz vehicles , unless you want to spend a fortune on specialty tools
 This tool is definetly a life save if you ever need to tighten nuts . This will work when other ratchet and socket combination are not long enough . This tool has two major draw backs is the sockets are stubby preventing you from working in tight spaces and finding individual sockets for replacements is difficult .
 I just purchased these tools and they seem to be a very good deal considering they have a lifetime warranty . As you would guess by the price these tools are made in China . If you 're like me most of my tools are made in the USA , Germany or Japan . These tools are perfect for the average handyman . I 'm not sure if I would use these everyday considering the metal on the socket walls are relatively thin . The concept and design is fantastic and ergonomics and balance are good . If you 're planning on using these everyday , I 'd probably opt for Snap On , MAC or Hazet tools . The fine tooth ratchet mechanism is good but not sure how durable it is . For the money you could by 2 or 3 sets when compared to Snap On . If you still have doubts and are on a budget just run to Sears and get some Craftsman , you wo n't be disappointed .
 The Rohl Wire Sink Grid works great . Keeps the pots and pans from scratching the sink ! Simple but effective in its use .
 I have a Rohl 6307 kitchen sink , and my previous WSG6307BS sink grid developed significant rust spots after 3.5 years of constant use . I bought a replacement sink grid from Amazon which arrived quickly . The replacement sink grid had no obvious manufacturing defects and it fits perfectly in my sink.I treat sink grids as sacrificial objects
 It gives out plenty of lighting in my back yard at night and makes me feel a little more secure when I am alone in my house and am able to see my back yard . Nice inexpensive light .
 These put out a lot of light for our huge -LRB- acre -RRB- back yard . We installed two in addition to other lights on the end of patio and they light the yard really well .
 I bought this floodlight to replace an aging Halogen light in my backyard . This light is a great price and a sturdy compact design . The housing is much smaller than the older light I replaced , but uses the same 300W Halogen bulb and puts out just as much light . The bulb mount seems sturdy as well . It has a nice weather seal around the top to keep the moisture out and has a nice hood to deflect light from shining up.For the price , the Cooper Halogen light is a great deal .
 These lights work well - especially for the money . But be careful when mounting because the housing is very thin , I broke 1 while mounting to support plate - Do Not hold by housing and twist to tighten .
 It 's cheap , it works well , and it sure does light up my back yard . I 'm very happy with it . for the price it 's a good deal .
 Product seems good . Smaller than listed . Have not installed yet . Appears to be Ok . fast shipping . amazon always has decent products .
 I purchased these to mount up in trees at a family ranch by the river to light the area for watching deer . I had replaced some of the original 300 watt halogen fixtures that had gone bad with 100 watt Flourex fixtures that were supposed to be quote `` equivalent to 1000W halogen '' -LRB- yes , one thousand watt -RRB- -- thought I could cut down on power usage -- but they did n't light up the area as well as a 300 watt halogen , so I needed to go back to halogen . Amazon.com was the ONLY place I could still find plain 300w halogen fixtures -- used to get at Home Depot , but they now carry only 300/500w fixtures at close to $ 30 each . The 300w fixtures at Amazon were about $ 12.50 each on sale . So I ordered 6 of them , and even with the Super Saver free shipping , they arrived in a week . Out of the 6 fixtures , one of the bulbs was not seated properly -LRB- maybe result of shipping ? -RRB- , but other than that , they worked great , and were easy to install . I hope Amazon continues to carry these , as I have about 50 fixtures mounted in trees to light up our campground and deer watching area , and many are getting quite old and will need replacing at some point.Cooper Lighting EQ-300-WL 300W Halogen Floodlight , Bronze
 These make a great outdoor spotlight and the price is very reasonable . I replaced 3 of these that were the exact same light that had been up for almost 20 years . And this on a salt water front home and the lights are on the water front side . One did arrive with a bad bulb , but I decided it was cheaper to replace the bulb than to send it back . Shipping was prompt and they were seemingly well packaged -LRB- though see the previous sentence -RRB- .
 Ordered five each Cooper Lighting 300 Watt Halogen Fixtures -LRB- EQ300WL -RRB- from Amazon.com . Very fast service , excellent shipping/packaging , product arrived in great condition , new product -LRB- not used -RRB- in good working order . Hooked up and they performed well as expected .
 Product arrived in time frame promised . I oredered 22 of these fixtures , not one damaged light in the bunch . I would not hesitate to do business with this company again.Denis
 Bryan Jerutis - Lots of light for a decent price , uses a lot of energy . Bulb that come with it burn out rather fast .
 I found the tape to stick quite well and served the purpose I needed it for .
 It 's electrical tape , and performs as such . I 've successfully used it in a few applications , including in my computer case -LRB- just to tie up and tape off cables -RRB- and in my car -LRB- to wrap wires together for a new audio receiver -RRB- . No problems so far .
 Henkel Duck tape is superior to other brands . Durability and adhesive backing will not disappoint .
 I bought this tape to hold down speaker wire for my home theater system . I works ok . There 's some spots where it has popped up , but for the most part it has held the wire down . Pretty easy to use .
 It is better quality then most electrical tape . I thinks it 's a good value , but ultimately it is tape . What you see is what you get
 We have used this tape on numerous cords that were breaking apart . It not only protects the open area , but it does not peel off easily or unravel over time . We would recommend it to anyone .
 Well manufufactured , and holds very well . It is well worth the investment for every family to own a roll !
 I have been useing Delta faucets for over 35 years , only problem ever had , when I bought them at a home store . They have them made for them in a lower quality , plastic parts , instead of brass .
 I specifically wanted this faucet as I had had the same one for many years and loved everything about it from it 's appearance to it 's smooth and easy turn-on valves . After many years , the old one had a leak and had to be replaced and I wanted another one exactly the same . I originally ordered this faucet from another seller but the seller actually withdrew from the sale . Apparently , they sold it elsewhere probably at a higher price . I decided to give Amazon one more shot , and bought this faucet from this seller , and I am delighted that I did . It came exactly as it was advertised except that I could n't find even a scratch on it . It was installed properly by my plumber and I have been happy using the faucet ever since . I 'm not sure what made it a used faucet but the price savings was GREAT .
 This faucet was exactly as advertised and reasonably priced . The installation was easy and it added elegance to my bathroom . I would highly recommend this product .
 Bought this sander to replace my mikita that i gave my daughter . . It works much better than i though . The most important thing is that it holds the paper well . .
 I was leary to try this bit just because it cost so little , -LRB- and usually i 'm a big believer in you get what you pay for -RRB- but this bit performed great.This was the only place I could find the profile I wanted . I just wish I would have come acrossed you guys a long time ago . I could have saved a small fortune on router bits .
 I had a hard time finding this product elsewhere , but this supplier not only had what I was looking for , they offered it at a great price . I am completely satisfied , will use them again .
 I need to replace a drawer face . This router works fine with sturdy shank . Of course I need to purchase a new router to accept this router.With careful setup and enough dummy wood , the drawer plate was done with no time .
 Kind of tough to rate a wood preservative after only a month . But , it went on well -LRB- like water -RRB- , seemed to penetrate well and cleaned up with water . One thing the label does not tell you is that if you want to paint or stain over it you MUST use a true oil based paint or stain - no acrylic , latex or any of these funky water based oil stains . I learned this when I e-mailed the manufacturer .
 This stuff is guaranteed to kill anything that walks or crawls or just infiltrates while reducing water penetration into wood . Good above and below ground . For exterior use and nasty to work with .
 Good stuff - I used this preservative on all cut ends and ledger boards on my new deck frame . Previously used a similar product on the structural wood sections of a 16 ' bridge that I built over a small creek in backyard . Rated for ground and underwater contact.Richard
 Of course I do not know how well this material will protect the wood , but it has to help with the cut ends . It shipped quickly and was easy to use .
 I 've used different variations of this preservative for quite some time , but the last two times I tried to buy it retail the stores no longer carried it and were n't exactly sure why . Well , it seems our hyperactive environmental lobbyists and moron Marxist politicians have managed to get it pulled from most stores with an outright ban looming on the horizon . If we do n't stop the radical left soon were all going to end up living completely under the thumb of these monsters in stone age conditions .
 I 've had one of these in a little lamp with a white shade that sits on an end table I have . It 's used most nights I 'm home and it 's lasted for ages . The colors of the glass do start to fade a bit after such a long while however , even though the bulb life goes on and on . If they made some with different wattages , like for instance at least 60 , that would be wonderful . Unfortunately they only come in 25 watts . If there were higher wattages , I 'd be tempted to use more of them here and there around my home , although they are a bit pricey ... However , I do have a major complaint with these bulbs . On every one of them that I 've seen , almost 1/3 of the bulb surface is yellow glass . There are more yellow pieces than any other color except for red , and the red pieces are smaller . I counted more than one bulb , and this was the average result : Yellow
 I bought a set of two of these bulbs at Walmart the other day for $ 9.00 in the clearance isle . Never seen stained glass bulbs before so i curiously bought them . When i got home i put it in a Lamp with a clear/frost white shade . WoW ! they transformed a lil simple light into Beautiful lamps ! these bulbs are awesome ! i would recommend thenm to anybody ! if you like creativity , uniqueness , and origonality these are for you ! i was worried that once these burn out i wouldnt be able to get more , Thank god for the internet ! ***** 5 star !
 I have the 40-Watt version of these in an overhead light ... They 're beautiful with the light on or off . Unlike some customers , I have n't seen any fading of the colors -LCB- I have 2 in the noted fixture -RCB- . The glow emitted by these is very `` warm '' , so do n't look for bright light from them . I think they 're more about giving the room a warm , welcoming , relaxing feel than about creating a well-lit space . I 've had my two bulbs for 8 yrs . now and they 're still going strong.As an added way of making these look even more amazing , put them on a dimmer ... . Magic = -RRB- They 're a bit pricey , BUT , consider that 5yrs . ago or so , they were $ 25 each ; -RRB-
 These will transform a frosted white glass shaded lamp into something a lot warmer , a lot more interesting . . They 're beautiful . Now I need a clear glass shade to run one bare in , on a dimmer , just to admire the bulb itself . I think they 're little works of art !
 After years of searching for the other stained-glass type bulbs GE used to make , I gave up and ordered these - about the only ones they have left . They are not as beautiful as the ones with hearts , fish or dolphins , but they 'll do . I do n't like the colors as well as their other selections , nor are they creatively beautiful . But they leave splashes of bright colors on the inside of your lampshade , and out to the walls .
 I love this bulb ! I bought one of these on the Venice Boardwalk and it lasted for years . Once it burned out , I searched and found this perfect replacement on Amazon.Put it in a lamp with a white shade and it transforms it into a colorful , interesting conversation piece -LRB- kinda -RRB- . Of course , it does n't give off a ton of light , but this is more of a mood lighting , accent sort of bulb anyway.Highly recommended for the non-stuffy .
 Our current home is getting to small and with the addition of our second child , even smaller.To compensate and just to be safe we currently have our newborn in our bedroom . The only problem is it is very dark in our bedroom so we went to look for a night light.We had previously used these multi-color bulbs for something similar in the past so I went to our local stores looking for more but was unable to find them.Amazon again saved the day by having these bulbs available and the price was decent as well.These bulbs run all night in a tall lamp in the corner so that we have enough light to see but it is not disturbingly bright .
 This was an experiment as I had not been aware of stained glass bulbs , but I 'm happy with my purchase . It is a great low-level lighting for watching TV or to just sit and chat . I used mine in a neutral colored statue-based lamp with a light neutral shade . This bulbs gives off multiple low-level lighting colors and it is remarkable how it provides a different look to the lamp and surrounding area . Great purchase !
 Bought two more of these today at my local Fry 's , and notice a definite change
 This is my favorite light . It 's like be being backstage at the circus in some small tent , putting on the clown makeup and getting ready to go on -LRB- count to six ... jump in the car ... -RRB- .
 Great colorful bulbs ! I like the idea of tiffany style light bulbs ! My livingroom is very colorful now ! It gives a sense of drama to it !
 I bought this on a whim . It is so pretty . I had to buy more . It lights up the room with such nice pleasing colors . It really adds to the room especially in the evening . Greaty buy .
 For a couple of bucks , turn a boring light into a fun one for a fraction of the cost of stained glass .
 Nice faux stained-glass bulb which can add sparkle to a dull area or shade . Each section is painted to look the part and each is separated with strong black resin to simulate the lead . The thing that amazes me about these bulbs is their life . I recently had one go and replaced it ... after 7 years of being on every day . I do n't know why these seem to last so long but it 's an added bonus of an already cool product .
 These stain glass bulbs are just the thing for a couple of small lamps I have in my home . At 25 watts and with all the colors they certainly are not ideal for someplace you really want some light . But the splash of colors for some warmth and atmosphere is ideal in some places . Some of the other reviews here have taken to criticizing the color scheme on these bulbs . More yellow than anything else , etc. . Although I can agree with them in some cases , -LRB- their not all exactly the same -RRB- , it 's also true that as far as I know GE is the only company that makes such a bulb . If you buy one of these and do n't like it , plan to do without . Also , I ca n't say I have ever had the problem of these not working or giving out soon after with the ones I have bought locally . In fact they have all lasted a very decent amount of time in my opinion . All the non working complaints here about them may have something to do with the company , shipping , etc. . Overall I find them dependable and very colorful and I usually buy them by the handful when I do.As to purchasing them , this is one of the few times that I suggest one shop outside Amazon . Home Depot carries these bulbs for a couple of dollars cheaper and I always find them in stock there . Certainly if you 're not near a Depot or ca n't find them there , they can always be had here on Amazon . But I suggest you try your local Home Depot first . Really nice lights that are one of a kind ...
 I was excited when I first saw this bulb . It reminded me of a Tiffany lamp without the expense . I use it without a lamp shade to see the full benefit of the colors . I like to rotate the lamp slowly until I see the perfect mix of colors . I am especially fond of the reds , blues , and purple !
 I have been shopping around at local home improvement stores and the 6 inch recessed light kits were twice the price . Could n't beat this and I received free ship ! Good deal .
 I shopped the big box stores and local garden `` specialty stores '' in the North Dallas area looking for a quality , well made , garden sprayer . I was looking for one with a brass sprayer wand and nozzle , metal pump and plunger assembly , and metal sprayer shut-off valve assembly . All I could find in the area were sprayers with the lesser quality plastic shut-off valve assembly , plastic pump and plunger assembly , and plastic spray nozzle . Most had plastic sprayer wands . The Hudson 90182 is a quality product , like you used to be able to buy before all the cheap stuff flooded the market . If you want a well made sprayer and you intend to keep it a while -- as opposed to using it one season and throwing it away -- this is for you . It comes in several sizes , I bought the 2 gallon size because it comes with a longer brass spray wand . For what I needed the one gallon size would have been fine but I 'm tall and I wanted the longer spray wand . If you take care of this product , and clean it properly after each use , this unit will last you years . Hudson has been around for a long time and `` wear parts '' are readily available .
 Much better quality than the cheap Home Depot Sprayers . Pump is smooth and solid , brass wand gives nice spray pattern .
 I will make this short and sweet . For the homeowner who wants a good , reliable yard sprayer , this is the only one I have found that is any good . The other brands have cheap plastic sprayer wands that break or malfunction after a few serious usages . This one uses metal , and will last for years . I have a three of them , one for Roundup , one for bugs , and one for weeds . Pretty handy !
 I have been using a multimeter for testing 4-20mA for years . It seems that most mfg 's are using transducers and plc 's these days and not having to shut down and remove wires is a huge time saver . I knew the first time that I used this it was worth the money . Now everyone wants to borrow mine .
 I use this mA meter all the time . It is a must for checking mA readings without having the disconnect the wires . A very quick , accurate and easy way to verify and calibrate instrumentation in the field . Fluke is a great brand and this meter works well . I highly recommend it .
 When driving long pole barn nails , this is the hammer you need . I have been doing allot of landscape timber work and this hammer puts the ring nails through them with ease once you get used to it .
 I needed a short hose for my Rain Barrel and did n't want to spend too much.This was a great solution!Now I do n't have to shimmy a watering can underneath the bottom of the rain barrel to collect the water.It works well for my needs & is inexpensive . I did n't expect much for the amount of $ I paid and it 's meeting my expectations .
 With this little invention the faucet is right at your feet . No more reaching and stretching in the most inconvenient palces to turn on the water . Love it .
 Saves me from crawling through lilac bushes to the water tap . Very helpful and has stood the test of two years of use .
 I needed to get my faucet away from the house and have space for attaching hoses . This simple solution did the trick . Because it is plastic and light weight , a tug on the hose can pull it out of the ground , but nothing is harmed . If I needed a more permanent solution , I would pay the higher price for a metal faucet that could be more permanently secured . But for my needs , this is sufficient .
 I have two faucets that have tall hedges in front of them , making it very difficult to reach the faucet on the side of the house . I wanted something that I could hook up to the house and leave the house faucet `` on '' for many weeks / months , and just turn water flow on or off as needed by a seperate faucet . What sold me on this product was the type of hose it uses . I wanted something very strong as it would have water pressure 24 hours a day , including hot sun . The hose used in this product is one of the better ones Gilmour makes in regards to strength.When this arrived I was a little concerned about the plastic spike that goes into the ground , and the plastic faucet shut off valve . However , so far , no problems . But , if your ground is very hard , you may have to wet it down first to push the spike in without breaking it.The valve is a 1/2 turn - acts like a gate valve . Due to this valve opening being smaller than the internal diamteter of the hose , it may decrease the per gallon flow rate . But , it works fine for me when using lawn sprinklers.After using for a few months , I ordered a 2nd one for my other faucet . Of course , if you live in an area where it gets below freezing , you do have to disconnect and remove this for winter .
 The product works as described . No leaks . As other reviewers have commented , the valve is mostly full on or full off - not much in between . Plastic stake of adequate construction - no more .
 I bought the 5 sprinkler head hose but the area between the faucet and the grass was longer than the 1st sprinkler head -LRB- I was able to remove the 1st sprinkler -RRB- , this gave me the extra length I needed so that I could use all 5 sprinklers .
 this product worked great for me , I have a huge bed of canas that multiplied , and made it difficult to get to the faucet without breaking them .
 I purchased this Gilmour faucet extension because the outdoor faucet that I connect my hose to was difficult to reach because of thick shrubs in front of it . I installed this product during the Spring of '09 and it never leaked or had any other problems . I recently disconnected and drained it for winter storage in my garage .
 This is one of the few ways I have found to buy a quality 6 foot extension hose that can be left under pressure most of the year . I use the hose itself with higher quality stake mounted brass extension valves that do n't come with hoses and basically discard the plastic stake valve , although the valve will work well enough for most on-off type situations . The hose is a 6-ply `` Flexogen '' hose and much better than the other short `` hose reel extension '' and `` remnant '' type hoses I have bought in the past .
 Prior to buying this extension , I had to climb behind a vine to turn it on and off . No more ! Simple to install , and made in the USA . Really nice !
 I love it when some simple little inexpensive product can take care of a need in a huge way . Have to tip your hat at times to the people who invent these things . I bought this for my mom who was tired of having to trek back and forth to the faucet outside the house to turn it on whenever she needed water to fill her bird baths or sprinkle the lawn . I bought her a nice long hoseGilmour 10-34050 8 ply Flexogen Hose 3/4-Inch-by -50 - Footwhich reached all the way around the house to her front door . I then connected that to the main faucet and the other end to the Gilmour FX6 Faucet Extension and then I got her another long durable hoseGilmour 10-58100 8 ply Flexogen Hose 5/8-Inch-by -100 - Footthat she can get to any part of her yard with . Now all my mom has to do is open her front door and turn the Gilmour faucet extension handle on or off and she 's ready to go.I recommend placing this faucet extension somewhere in your yard where it will not be stepped on or accidentally run over , which our first one was by the lawn mower . My dad did n't see it when he was mowing the lawn and he ran over it with the front wheel of the mower and broke it off . Thankfully I had bought two of these and so my mom had an instant spare on hand . Considering the price it might be wise to buy two just in case.All in all this is an excellent little product that offers a big convenience , especially for older folks who do n't want to walk around their house every time they need to turn the water on or off .
 It comes on a card , like a hose . It is easy to hook up and seems to be made of decent material . I have had it for a month or so and it really solves a problem I had with the faucet behind bushes . I wish I had found this a long time ago .
 When I hooked up the extension water immediately sprayed out from behind the connection to the spike and I thought I would have to send it back . But I looked and there was no rubber washer and once I bought one and put it in , the problem was solved and it works well .
 I did n't need the plastic valve that was included , but ended up using it . I was sure that it would n't hold the pressure and that it would leak . It did n't . I 've watched it for a week now and used it daily . No problems . The hose is of better quality than the original that came with my hose reel and should last a lot longer . I liked it well enough that I purchased a second one .
 I 've never bought a Hunter fan before , I have always bought more expensive brands . This is a great fan ! Very quiet and easy to install . Hopefully it will last for years to come . The only thing I do n't like is that the fan direction switch moves horizontally and not vertically . With vertical you can visually see that the fan is pushing air down for summer or pulling up for winter months . I know this is nit picky , but that is all I do n't like . Great value !!
 Very quiet and very nice looking . This fan replaced an ancient ceiling fan . It runs whisper quiet ... you hardly know its on . Looks just as good if not better than the pictures . Worth every dollar . I 'd say this was equal to or better than many of the more expensive fans .
 I purchased this fan for my living room . It 's now early spring and the fan has already paid for itself . In spite of several days when the temperature reached up to 90 degrees outside , this fan has kept us so cool , we have n't had to turn on the central air conditioner yet . I bought a Hunter fan because I 've never gotten a lemon with Hunter . This fan is whisper quiet , but moves a lot of air . A great fan at a great price !
 This is my second Hunter fan and I got it to replace a generic fan in my family room . It is beautiful , extremely quiet , moves a lot of air , and has generally excellent fit and finish . Hunter clearly considered ease of installation in designing the product . The canopy hook holds the fan up while you do the wiring and the light fixture wiring plugs into the fan - much better than having to fiddle with individual wires . Instructions are generally clear and easy to follow . The fan wiring harness accommodates up to a 4 ' downrod.I do have a couple of minor quibbles .1 . Some of the screws are flat-Phillips combo-head and some -LRB- fan blade assembly , light fixture -RRB- are Phillips . You are going to need a Phillips screwdriver , so why bother with the combo-heads ? Although I do n't care for combo-head screws , this was n't a real problem except for the 3 '' screws used to attach the ceiling plate . It takes a fair amount of torque to drive them and I find the combo-head cams out too easily , eventually damaging the head . I used a couple of standard # 10 3 '' Phillips head wood screws instead and they were much easier to drive .2 . The instructions do n't explicitly say which wire powers the fan and which powers the lights . Since I 'm using separate switches -LRB- a Lutron Skylark series -RRB- for each , it took a minute to figure this out .3 . One of the holes on the light fixture was off , so it took some effort to get it lined up and attached .4 . The light fixture contains remote control electronics . This is n't mentioned in the instructions . Since I wo n't use this feature , it would be nice to have instructions on how to remove the electronics - the fixture is stuffed chock full of wires and removing the electronics would make more room .5 . Hint . If you install the fan with a longer downrod , it may hit your ladder during installation . I found wrapping a towel around the fan motor protected it nicely.Bottom line - a great fan that was reasonably easy to install . I would definitely recommend it .
 I shopped around quite a bit for a ceiling fan that would look nice in the living room but not break the bank , and after looking in stores and on line , I settled on this Hunter model . The price is right and it looked great in the pictures . Plus , Hunter has a great reputation.I was not disappointed , for the most part . The fan has gorgeous , gleaming brass , with good clear instructions for assembly and mounting . The main problem was that it takes candelabra bulbs rather than standard 60 watt bulbs . The Amazon blurb suggested standard 60 watt but in the box was a note explaining that the specification for light bulbs had changed.I decided we could live with candelabra bulbs ; they look OK and they 're not overly expensive at the local box store . However , they are still a specialty bulb that does cost more than regular ones.I also picked up a Hampton Bay remote control , which works well with Hunter fans and costs about $ 10 less than an equivalent Hunter remote . I have also found Hampton Bay remotes to be more logically designed than the Hunters . You just need to decide to use a remote prior to actually installing the fan , because you will not enjoy opening the fan later on to splice in the remote receiver .
 All ceiling fans I have the hunter ceiling fan is the best . Easy to install but instructions can be miss leading . Most people know hunter for a long lasting fan , but if you did n't know this , this review is for you . Surprisingly quiet for a fan that puts out a strong breeze . I like putting low power floresont bulbs in , but it is sometimes hard putting them in small incasements , but this one had no problems fitting them in . This fan is a Very good investment for your home .
 The fan was delivered promptly , well padded in an additional cardboard box . The instructions were clear . The suspension method eliminates wobble and the ceiling does not have to be straight . When the fan is operating , it is almost noise-free . We did have to purchase pull chain extensions as the ones supplied are only a few inches long . We are happy with this purchase .
 Our Hunter fan with the light kit is a welcome addition to ourceiling fans . We enjoy the quiet and how it is dependable .
 The Hunter ceiling fan is just wonderful . It not only arrived quickly but also in perfect condition . The fan is just beautiful . The price for the fan was absolutely fantastic ! Thanks Amazon .
 I read most reviews for this fan and my wife and I were shocked at how quiet this fan truely is . There are hundreds of styles of fans , various lengths and styles , what remains is quality , Hunter is high in quality.When you 're unsure between the ceiling fans that look similar , but have different manufactures , this is a no brainer . Installation in an hour or so , then enjoy the summer breeze with a frozen Margarita ... it worked for me .
 I like this fan and how it looks , but there is a note in the box that they changed to type b10 candelabra bulbs . I do n't see any mention here about that . Not sure why they would n't just use standard sized bulb base .
 We wanted a fan for the front room of our manufactured home to blow the heat down from the ceiling . I did a fair amount of research on the wed and went to Home Depot . We really wanted a QUIET fan . We had this one that was just so noisy -LRB- I think it was pretty cheap too -RRB- . So low noise was a priority . Hunter fans have the 2nd best quality rating . After reading what to look for in a ceiling fan the Hunter Summer Breeze had the right qualifications at a GREAT price on Amazon . Had it installed a couple of nights ago . I ca n't hear the motor of the fan and it does exactly what we needed it to do . Also we think it is very attractive .
 I 've had the fan for nearly a year , and I ca n't complain about the way it works . No problems . Lights
 The lights work great but you need to be patient with the installation . For example , you need to work to get the bracket and fixure tightly together so you do not have a slight gap between the fixture and the drywall . Otherwise you are getting the same item you might find in a big box store by the same manufacturer . The four stars is because the remodel fixtures that are spring loaded into the drywall are a tighter fit but keep in mind you also need to spend more for the trim so trim is typically sold separately .
 Bought three of these and they installed easy with the built in clips attaching to the drywall.Just buy halogen R20 LONG NECK bulbs and you wo n't have any trouble with the included baffle .
 Wow ... this is a hard staple size to find locally . And boy was I glad to be able to purchase it via Amazon at a reasonable price including shipping cost . You ca n't find this staple at W * lmart , T * arget , Low * s , or even HomeDep * t . They carry all the other sizes except the T-18 staple . Guess its not a big seller and I think the T-25 is like the industry standard now ? -LRB- Just guessing here -RRB- cause you ca n't find a T-18 staple gun at these consumer stores only the T-25 . Anyway I inherited this stapler from my Dad and I use it for almost everything from tacking down hardware cloth , to uphosterly of chair cushions coverings , etc , where a T-50 staple gun ca n't handle too well . Yes I 've tried . I 'm just glad Arrow still makes this staple and more than one size too -LRB- depth of leg -RRB- . I 'm guessing they still use them commercially for wiring . Anyway great T-18 staples by the same folks that made the T-18 staple gun , Arrow . -LRB- from what I can tell , I could be wrong . -RRB-
 fits good in arrow t-18 wire tacker and works ok even though the rows of staples are too long to put into the gun and have to be broken off and shortened .
 as expected ... ... ... ... ... good purchase ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . ... . . . . . . . / . . .
 The Vendor was very good at sending me the T-18 staples , they came packaged properly , no loose staples in the box or tiny pieces that you spend much time putting into the stapler which only cause jams . This did not happen and I strongly recommend this product and Vendor to all .
 These little fasteners save time , which is money . You can fix a long length of cable without assistance . The finished job is as neat and secure as anyone could hope for . No bulky expensive clamps or brackets . As a bonus , the complete job can be removed anytime and nobody would ever know that the staples were ever in the wall .
 I have owned the T18 stapler for over 30 years . I was only able to buy these staples on Amzon , thanks !
 I ordered hard-to-find T18 staples . Got them from Prosource via Amazon in a couple of days . The shipping and handling was not expensive . I 'm totally satisfied .
 Was unable to get these locally and was very pleased I did not have to buy a whole new staple gun .
 I have just completed laying over a half mile of cable with this T18 cable fastener . It 's so fast and accurate . No sliced or crushed cable . I was using the genuine Arrow brand round head wire 3/8 '' staples made for phone cable . All the cable was positioned on Australian hard wood -LRB- nothing harder -RRB- . Every staple drove in perfectly , so no bent staples or jammed tacking gun . I highly recommend this Arrow T18 to Tradesmen the world over . Buying through Amazon saved me over AU$ 130 , even with overseas postage . I intend purchasing several more for the years ahead . You can have 100 % confidence in this Arrow T18 made for tradesmen and handymen alike . A big thank you to Amazon and the USA .
 this stapler is not made as good as the older guns of the 70 's but it does work properly . slight problem of being dry and needed lubrication to free up the slide and driving mechanism . after that , it worked easily and the slide kept the staples feeding easily to the last one .
 This is quite an assortment of drills . They seem to hold up well with use . I wo n't use them frequently but trust they will work when I need them . They have worked well with both a power drill and rotary hand drill . Pretty good value that I 'd recommend to others for the light duty use I 'll have them for .
 very good experience , I recommend it widely , the shipment arrived on time.the product was exactly the that I wanted
 Drills look good , and come in a handy plastic storage case
 Price Pfister makes the finest faucet products I have ever used . Have been using them for about 20 years now both in bathrooms and kitchen and have never had any problems with them , they are quite literally ` bullet proof ' and this faucet is no different . I am totally pleased with this product and this company and Amazon provided the best price available . Bravo !
 I used these lights with a Leviton motion detector and a photocell to add 2 security light fixtures along the back side of my garage . They have worked out great and for cheaper than an equal quality single fixture from the local hardware store .
 I have 2 Speakman S-2005 's and they are great . A quality product !!
 This is just one of many Magnate router bits that I have purchased over the years since purchasing my Legacy Ornamental Mill . The quality has always been superior and the fast shipping keeps me buying their products.Although they may seem a bit pricy the quality and the longevity -LRB- if properly cared for -RRB- more then make up for the price .
 Bought this for my parents garage after the old one broke . Fit was perfect . The only thing I did was cut the shaft with a hacksaw so it would n't stick out so much . Did n't want anyone getting hurt by it sticking out . Besides that Great . @ndreas
 Wanted to leave a quick review . I found this exact same part at a local supplier , so although I did n't buy it on Amazon , it is identical . It works perfectly , if I had n't found the local source -LRB- total fluke -RRB- , I would have made the purchase . But , for those who are curious , it works great.I bought two of these locking handles and two of the internal locking mechanisms . See the other review .
 After my shed got broken into I went looking for the same type of lock to repair it . I finally found one local but it was $ 29.99 . After placing the order for the expensive one I got on Amazon.com and found the same lock for $ 9.99 . Got it delivered in 2 days and the lock was an exact replacement and worked great ! Highly recommend this lock .
 This back brace helps support your lower back when lifting or working bent over . It prevents those lower back aches I use to get after a day of yard work . Also helps if your back is sore and a lot of movement causes you pain .
 This safety glasses were perfect for our students and their science experiments . They protected the students eyes while building volcanoes .
 This bit is a specialty bit used to cut hollow spirals or `` barley twists '' . It 's carbon tipped and heavy so you should use it with a variable speed router . Well packaged and shipped very fast . I will buy more specialty router bits from Magnate through Amazon !
 this is super compact and easy for retrofits . there 's really not much to it or to go wrong so I do n't see how you can lose and the price is very reasonable too .
 Nice light kit , easy to install . Very happy with it . Hard to find _ glad I found it . Would buy it again .
 I received this router bit super fast ! It arrived very well packaged and it works like a dream . I will be purchasing more of these special bits for my hobby .
 I 've worn these for gardening and yardwork for almost a year now , and they have held up quite well . I generally take a size 7.5 in shoes ; the size 7 here fits a little loosely without socks or just about perfect with socks . They have been comfortable to wear for hours at a time , and the sole is thick enough that I can stomp down a shovel without my feet crying for mercy like they were in my tennies . The low lip on the back had me worried about walking out of them , but it has n't happened even once yet . If these fell apart tomorrow , I 'd still happily buy another pair - but they do n't look like they 'll fall apart anytime soon !
 Very comfortable shoes for walking out in the yard and garden . Keeps your feet dry . Does n't slip off the back of my heels .
 Best garden shoe I 've ever owned . Very , very comfortable . Easy to slip in and out of . Definitely keeps your feet dry .
 These are good for wet climates ; they , re very sturdy , non-slip , with a comfy inner lining . Love finding these on sale !
 Just what I needed for use in the early morning and for gardening . Easy to clean and very comfortable to wear
 Very heavy-duty gardening she . Only complaint is everyone stated it ran small so I got a larger size and it 's too big .
 Great shoes for anything you do outdoors around the house . I use mine when working in my vegetable garden and cleaning up after the dog . Then I just hose them down and they 're ready for the next time .
 Well so my mother-in-law tells me . Obviously these were bought as a long distance gift and my mother-in-law loves them . So now I have to get them for my wife apparently !
 The product is nicely made and looks like it will last . I take a size 7-1/2 shoe , so I purchased the size 8 since I thought the size 7 might be too small . The size 8 is quite big on me , and I have to use socks to make the fit work . If you buy a half size shoe , I would order the next size down in this .
 Great product . Very comfortable shoe . A handy alternative to gum boots and perfect for use on wet or muddy lawns .
 Like the shoes ; fits well , seems durable and for the price should have bought 2 pairs . I well be using it this summer for backyard works . It is just a little bit heavy but for for the price i can not complain much .
 Seem to be well made and I think they will be comfortable , when I get the correct size . Going by other reviews that said they fit true to size , I ordered an 8 . My toes were jammed against the end . I am SO disappointed to have to return and reorder !
 We have a small quail farm in S. California . Needed a shoe for mud , dirt and any thing a bird could put out . These work great . Easy on an off . Clean up easy and do n't hurt my feet . Great to use in my garden too . Got one size larger like suggested and worked out fine . Plan on getting a pair for a friends birthday coming up . Suceq
 These Sloggers are the best looking & most comfortable plastic clogs I 've had in the past 12 years . First ones were French from the Galleries LaFayettes and served me in mud , rain , gardening and as indoor slippers and all around slip-on shoes . Then came a pair shaped like the first just like Swedish Clogs with the wooden sole , only plastic . Both pairs died by splitting across the sole . Duct tape was not a good fix . Now I 've been introduced to Sloggers which are fitted with arch support , a removable sole and attractive profile . They 're definitely the best in my experience -- comfortable with & without socks , indoors & out . The slightly raised back by the heel provides better splash protection than the original clogs and still allows for easy on and off . I will definitely buy Slogger Clogs from now on !
 What a great treat to see such a quality clog , perfect fit , suitable to wear around the house , for errands and gardening and made in America , AMAZING
 I purchased this second pair of clogs because I found my first pair to be so handy and comfortable . Although I intended to wear these clogs strictly for gardening -LRB- they 're a snap to hose off and dry quickly when hung toe-side-up -RRB- , I found myself wearing them for quick trips to the store during rainy weather and even wore them when I had bus duty at school one rainy week . I discovered when I wear these clogs with even a light pair of socks , my feet stay warm as well as nice and dry . I especially appreciate the treads on the sole which keep the possibility of slipping to a minimum -- when that `` rain '' turns to snow/ice -LRB- yes , this happens in Montana from time to time :-RRB- .
 I purchased my first Sloggers 10 years ago and just got another pair , not to replace the old ones , but to have a second pair . You might think I do n't wear them much , but I live in them at home three seasons out of the year . They are flexible enough to be comfortable yet strong and sturdy enough to use with a shovel or digging fork . I wear an 8.5 but got an 8 in these . When they arrived I thought they 'd be too small , but the liner conforms to the foot and that takes a couple wearings . Now the new pair is just as comfortable as the old ones . There are few products in my life that I consider perfect for the job , so I mean it when I say these are the best !
 This clog works as advertised . It is comfortable to wear , allows for walking without slipping in all kinds of conditions , including on grass with early morning dew and after rain . I started using it as soon as I received it and have used it every day since when I go outside . I use it so far when mowing the yard and doing all kinds of garden chores , except for digging holes with a spade . And very important , it is easy to clean both the outside -LRB- hose or wipe off -RRB- , and removable inner sole can be washed , dried and reused . A very useful product .
 The only shoe you need for gardening and yardwork ! My old pair just wore out after three years of almost daily wear , so I went for the lovely blue ones . They are just as comfortable , thanks to the special lining inside the shoe and the removable inner sole -LRB- grass klippings , anyone ? -RRB- . Did you ever think , ykes , rubber shoes = sweaty feet ? not with this special lining ! Easy to get in and out of , comfortable , and a lovely color - can not ask for more !
 I really like the Sloggers , in fact I bought a second pair with high ankle length and -- in a size larger . They just run a little short , and since they are rubber they do n't stretch at all . They are perfect for gardening and for walking in wet grass . I hose them off and remove insert to wash and dry them in the sun .
 Ok , folks ... both guys and gals who garden do barn chores or are just in and out of town on errands -LRB- well , maybe not YOUR town , but ours here in Maine are pretty informal -RRB- these are the most comfy garden clogs ever . This is my second pair and we just received a pair for my husband as well . My old ones I literally wore to `` smooth bottoms '' . One thing , though , they do run small , so order up a half size at least . -LRB- My husband ordered a men 's size 12 which fits his 11 shoe size foot perfectly . I ordered women 's 9 and wear size 8 or 8.5 shoes -RRB- They 're made in the USA ... what more could you ask for ?
 Very pleased . Even if covered in mud , after walking through grass , the mud just disappears , does not get caught in the creases easily . Was worried about the size . I wear a normal width 7 1/2 , the 8 's fit great , I think the 7 's would be too small . They are comfortable and excellent for working in the garden or being out in the backyard after the grass has been mowed . Dry fast , if the insides get a little wet from dew , etc. . Color is very nice and pleasing in person . I 've been looking for these for awhile !
 I bought these for my mom for mother 's day . She is a gardener who loves green and she said these made her feel loved . She did n't take them off ! Highly recommended . I got a great deal with super fast shipping .
 For a quick trip to the mailbox , the garbage can or to get the newspaper on a rainy day , these are perfect . They are so light weight , my toddler grandson puts them on and walks around the house . Great in a wet garage or in that mud you ca n't avoid . Slip on , slip off , I really like them .
 When I think of the athletic shoes I ruined working out in the garden , I ask myself why I did n't get these sooner . They are so well made , comfortable and very durable . Plus they come in such fun colors for summer gardening . They get muddy and all I do is rinse them off and let them dry . A few times I have slipped them on just to go run errands . They 're cute with jeans!As for fit , my foot is a little wide which works well for this shoe . My husband who has a narrow foot had to return the men 's version because they would not stay on . Too bad they do n't make these in half sizes .
 I had a pair of these Sloggers for ten years.The soles are now worn smooth and are too slippery in the wet grass.I purchased this new pair at a price cheaper than the original pair . The new color selection was nice . Love the Kiwi green color.I originally purchased a Size 7 that was a bit small with a low cut sock . However the problem of not giving a five star rating enters here , as they are not available in half sizes.I usually wear a size 7 1/2 The size eight is a bit too large but a heavier sock helps and my toes are not cramped after wearing all day.They are easily cleaned and look great for years.Much more supportive than other clogs.I am a Master Gardener and I love these Sloggers .
 I absolutely love these clogs ! They are so comfortable and easy to clean I wear them daily to walk the animals and do yard work . Just hose off and you are ready to go again ! They are the most comfy gardening clog I have ever owned , and I had to come back and get another pair ! I wear them for many other occasions than yard work . like quick trips to the store or walking to the mailbox , etc. . The insole is removable , too , with antimicrobial coating . I ca n't recommend these highly enough .
 I wanted something I could slip on when I needed to run outside for something minor . They are so comfortable I wear them to town , too . Love them !
 I found it ! The perfect gardening shoe that is durable AND comfortable AND cute ! Got these this week and I was surprised about the cushioning . Also , I am normally a size 7.5-8 and I got 8 's . They are very well fitted , not a ton of room to `` slosh '' around . I assume they will stretch out a bit as well so I kind of appreciate that .
 Great shoe for the garden and just running round . I found them to be very comfortable . Price was great .
 These are by the back door and I have used them in nice weather , rainy weather and dew-soaked grass and my feet stay nice and dry . Very comfortable too !
 After cutting my feet and getting a nasty splinter in my foot , I ordered these . OMG they are wonderful . Very comfy , I want to wear them everywhere . Just one thing , I wear a size 8 and ordered a size 9 and they fit great.Update 9-18-11 ... What can I say but I still love these shoes and have wore them on errands and such . When gardening I would hose down the inside of the shoes with cold water and it would stop me from getting overly hot and sweaty . Love , love , love ...
 I really enjoy wearing my sloggers for gardening . They give plenty of support and are very comfortable . This is my second pair , because some animal stole 1 of my shoes off my back deck ! Ordered a new pair within a day because I could n't be with out them !
 I have a huge yard , which requires lots of walking and going in and out of house , these shoes are a God send.I have developed a neuroma on sole of foot , but with these shoes I can still continue to do all my work withoutmuch pain . Also , with Amazon the shoes arrived quickly and cheaper . Mucho Gracias
 These are better than crocs for gardening as they have no holes to get your feet wet when watering or digging in wet ground . They also have very thick soles that let me dig with a shovel which I could n't do with the thin soled croc type . I also love them as house slippers as they are so comfortable . Only thing I do n't like is there are no half sizes after 9 's . I have to wear thick socks with my 10 's if I need to keep them from slipping . And as with any rubber shoe of this type , they can slip , so no hiking in them . Amazon is cheaper than the gardening catalogs .
 These work well in the garden , they run a little short , so if you wear socks I may order a size up . They rinse off with the hose and dry quickly
 I purchased these clogs for my daughter for her birthday . Although she does n't have them yet , I did try them on . They were comfortable , lightweight , and very attractive in Kiwi green . My husband has a pair of men 's Sloggers and loves them .
 I like them . They 're comfortable , fit well , and the color is cute . They are easy to keep clean - just hose them off . It 's also easy to slip them off and on . No complaints so far !
 These have quickly become my favorite shoe of all time ! Depending on the shoe , I either wear an 8 1/2 or a 9 and ordered a Sloggers size 9 . Perfect fit . -LRB- I did read all reviews before purchasing this clog because I know quite a few people had issues with size . -RRB- If you wear a 1/2 size , I suggest ordering up . The inserts are removable for washing and the clog itself is easily hosed off . I 'm glad I chose this specific Sloggers clog - it is so comfortable & it suits me perfectly !
 I have had 2 pairs of garden clogs in the past . One pair split at the short seam down the back of the heel , and the other pair was uncomfortable . After retiring , I find that I 'm in the garden much more often and decided to give garden clogs another try . These are a winner . The removable insole is cushioned and can be washed for freshness when needed . The sizing is correct and they are well-made . There is enough room , but not so much that my foot slides around too much . A good buy .
 fabulous clogs , i wash them in warm soapy water after gardening and can wear them as rain clogs ! they are very sturdily made , i love the colour , they are so comfy and the price is very competitive . service is prompt ... what more can you ask ?
 I love these shoes.No qualifications to that statement . Well , maybe a little one . Let them dry out completely between extended wearings.Family members will be receiving them throughout the next several years as gifts . Purchased for wearing in the garden , but forget to change out of them most of the time.I love the fact that they are also made in the USA . Support our economy and our infrastructure .
 I purchased these for quick outdoor chores and I love them . They stay on well ... can even put them on over my isotoner type slippers . Clean up quick and easy , comfortable , I 'm glad I bought them .
 This was just what I wanted ... a clog type shoe without holes . Very strudy . I usually wear an 8 1/2 ... ordered a 9 and they fit well .
 JUST LOVE THESE GARDEN SHOES . tHEY ARE SO COMFORTABLE AND FIT LIKE A GLOVE . TtHEY KEEP MY FEET CLEAN AND DRY WHILE I AM WORKING IN THE YARD . I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM TO EVERYONE .
 They fit and are comfortable and keep my feet dry little on the heavy side well made hard to find in my area
 This is my second pair of sloggers but I still wear the old ones . The only reason I bought a new pair is my old ones have some paint stains and just wanted a fresh pair . I like these for gardening as the sole is very thick and it does n't hurt the arch when digging . Easy to slip on and off . Great product ! It is also very comfortable .
 I already had Crocs but decided to try these for garden work and they are much more comfortable and look better too . I now use them for rainy days , and running errands as well as gardening . The footbed on the premium is great . Wish they came in tamer colors but the Kiwi is fun .
 I wasted a lot of money buying other clogs that looked pretty in the photo with their floral or other type design , but were just not the quality and easy-fitting shoe this one is . Because it 's got a thicker , sturdier upper , you can slip your foot right in without using your fingers . They 're very comfortable and last a long time.I keep a pair by each door for running outside for the mail or to potty our dogs . They feel so good on my painful feet I walk my dogs or run to the store in them as well . They 're perfect for warm or cool weather and keep my feet dry and warm in rain and snow.Unlike when I wore the clog with the floppy upper my feet do n't sweat in them and they do n't look like gardening shoes . Love them !
 I have been wearing Sloggers for years but the premium ones with a good removeable insole are hard to find . After looking everywhere I almost gave up . I was so glad to find them on Amazon.com and at a low price ! Good durable outdoor shoes .
 Well , I went and did it . I bought a pair of the Premium clogs and now I am ruined for the other ones.The original Sloggers clogs have always been my standard shoe all spring , summer and fall for working in the yard , painting , or doing anything that might get messy or wet . They have plenty of support so that you can climb ladders without killing your arches . The closed PVC toe keeps you from breaking your tootsies if you drop a hammer or something heavy or pointed on them and the bottoms are just thick enough that if you stepped on something sharp and undesirable , you wo n't impale your foot . -LRB- So , I use them for house repairs , mowing , painting , gardening , and decorating as well -RRB- . The best part if that they can be hosed off , so if you step in dog poo at the dog park , or drop paint or step in mud , no problem . They can be scrubbed and do n't have straps to break or stretch . Your sweat makes the original Sloggers vacuum seal onto your feet , so I never wear them with socks.Besides just being pretty , these Premium clogs have a cushion in the bottom that feels great , is removable and washable . It makes them much more comfortable to run around to stores , which is great for wandering all over Home Depot to find that object you forgot to get to finish whatever project you are working on -RRB- . You can go straight from the yard to the store and back and not have to change shoes . And even wearing them bear , the bottoms of your feet wo n't turn into callous-mats like flip flops will.Premium Sloggers are head and shoulders better than flip flops or summer sandals for daily wear . Keep your sandals for dates and wear these Sloggers for everything else .
 I wear size-7 .5 in a regular shoe and got size-8 Sloggers . My feet are not super wide , but not narrow either . The Sloggers are a perfect fit . I have been wearing Sloggers for a couple of weeks now . They are very comfortable , and I have been wearing them not only in the garden or washing the car , but when I have to do quick errands in the rain . Yesterday , it was pouring and I actually wore them to work , so I was in Sloggers for about 12 hours ! I had no problems at all . I was as comfortable in the evening as I was in the morning . My feet were NOT hot and sweaty despite not taking them off for such a long time.Sloggers are a bit heavier than I expected . They are made of rubberized material top and bottom . No openings anywhere , so they are very good for walking in wet grass . Surprisingly , my feet do not get too hot despite having no ventilation in the shoe . The sole of the shoe is nicely textured . I am attaching a photo which shows the top and the bottom of the shoe . Next to the shoe I positioned a ruler so you can see how high the back of the shoe rises . The back is not totally open , it has a slight rise which help to keep your foot firmly in the shoe . The bottom of the show has some padding , so it provides nice support for the foot and is responsible for very comfortable feeling . And of course they are very easy to put on and take off , which is very handy when your hands are covered with dirt from the garden.The second photo I am attaching to this review shows my foot wearing the shoe , hopefully this gives a better idea of the look and fit than just the shoe by itself . In a close-up you can see a bit of room in the back - the difference between size-7 .5 foot and size-8 shoe.The men a work made fun of the shoes , they thought they were ugly -LRB- what do they know ? -RRB- , but I think they are cute plus very comfortable and functional .
 Some years ago I was shopping in a garden store and came across a rack of shoes called Sloggers and were advertised as great garden shoes . I bought them.I kept them by the door and wore them for out door shoes.I 've always had problems with my feet no matter what shoes I wore.I soon realized my feet did n't hurt at all no matter how long I wore my Sloggers.I started wearing them a lot and even out to shop etc.Not to long ago I was looking at shoes on Amazon and spotted Sloggers shoes in some fun colors.I ordered two pair and they are just as wonderful and comfortable as the first pair I had bought many years ago.If you have ever had problems with your feet you will be able to identify with me that no matter what the shoes look like or were made to wear for , if they are as comfortable as my Sloggers are ... . it makes no difference ...
 comfy , easy slip on and off and hose them down at the end of the day :-RRB- Great price too :-RRB- My only complain is they dont come in half sizes . I wear an 8 1/2 so I bought the 8 and they are fine .
 Sloggers 260KW08 Women 's Premium Clogs are a fantastic pair of shoes for my feet not only for gardening , but for walking in many conditions . I usually wear a size 7.5 shoe , wear a 37 medium in Birkenstocks and the size 8 Sloggers are very fine for me . I likely could also fit into a 7 , but because I 'd like to wear socks if I desire , I followed the recommendations of others and moved up a size rather than down . Another consideration I had when ordering was that when I work , particularly in the summertime , my feet swell , so I sized up . An advantage of these clogs over many others is that their insoles make for a softer , more cushioned feel and they are removable for cleaning or airing out . I find that wearing these requires no socks in the garden , a huge pro for me since my socks become filthy when I wear Crocs clogs . The Sloggers put the Crocs to shame even though they are heavier . I much prefer the feel and appearance of their real sole rather than a self molded one piece shoe . The black sole is a nice contrast , as is the black interior and the bottom of the sole has a lovely swoosh type design in the Kiwi color . Walking in dirt or mud is not an issue because these shoes can be hosed off . The design of the clogs has a rear which is a bit elevated , so your heel is a little more protected than in other clogs . I 've worn Birkenstock shoes for many , many years and now that I 've discovered Sloggers , I have an alternate manufacturer to choose from , and these are made in the USA ! These are great gardening shoes which are nice enough to wear all day inside or out .
 These clogs are beautiful and just what I was looking for . They do run a bit small and wish I would have exchanged them for one larger size , but never did . I would find them a bit uncomfortable if I had to wear them for a good part of the day .
 These shoes are as advertised . I use them in the garden and for pottery - great . Maybe the sizing runs a little small , they are more comfortable with a pair of socks . Glad I got them .
 These green cloggers were an excellent choice for garden shoes and wearing around my studio . They slip off my feet easily when I come in and out of the house , yet my feet fit snuggly inside the shoe . I did see a similar pair without the liner in a store -LRB- at a lower price -RRB- , but they did n't have the lining on the inside . The lining offers a firm cushion for my foot inside the shoe.In my studio and outside for gardening the sole gives a firm grip on the ground . Walking across rocks , up and down hills , or climbing a ladder , I always feel safe .
 Being an avid gardener , I 've worn garden clogs for years . Since my old ones cracked , I decided to order the Sloggers upon the recommendation of another gardening buddy . She knew what she was talking about . They are wonderful ! I end up wearing them to the grocery store or hardware store on days that I 've been working outside . I keep them next to my back door to slip into before going out - love everything about them . The comfort , the color , and the great grip soles . They were a terrific buy .
 I found these garden/work shoes to be comfortable , easy to put on and kick off.They are waterproof and easy to clean up after a day in the garden.If I get paint on them , I simply wipe them clean with rubbing alcohol.I have an odd shaped foot and they conformed to the shape of my foot and remained comfortable all day long.I will definitely order them in other colors since they are stylish as well as practical .
 very comfortable . I like working in the garden and can simply wash these off with a garden hose . Look great for going to the store as well . I normally wear 8 1/2 , but this size was n't available so I got a 9 and it fits great , maybe just a little too big . I plan to buy more colors .
 My wife is tickled to death with these sloggers . They fit her perfectly , she LOVES the color , and we 're pleased that we got them so soon ! Thank you for making this a great shopping experience for us !
 I got these shoes for my wife for Mother 's Day . She is very pleased with the fit and quality of the shoes . She was very pleased that they are made in the USA.She said they looked so nice she hated to get them dirty in the garden .
 Woo Hoo ! Yippee ! I love these ! I ordered , accidentally , a size 8 and wore them for a week despite the discomfort . -LRB- When I inquired about an exchange I was told it would cost a 15 % restocking fee plus shipping ! So I kept them , sigh ! -RRB- BUT , now I have my 9 's . They are great outside in the garden . I can slog around in the wet grass , garden mud and dig holes for plants with no worries about ruining what I am wearing on my feet ! They are so easy to slip on and off . I forgot I was wearing them . My bf loves their look on my feet . I can even make a dash to the store without needing to change ! And they are easy to clean . I found a friend to take the 8 's and am now thinking I should get another 9 to keep in the garage so I do n't have to always go out the back door of the house to get outside ! Am I lazy or do I just LOVE these ?!
 These are great for walking in the wet grass . I have had a different brand that was a little more comfortable but , I have no complaints about these .
 Perfect for the garden . Comfortable for rubber garden shoes . Mark easily so nothing I would wear to town for an errand . Love them for outside .
 This is a very comfortable garden shoe , but it is not a slip on . Sizes run smaller.I think it is safer than a clog .
 I adore these shoes ! They are comfy and very well made . I find myself wearing these more than my Emu slippers . I would love to see these in more standard colors , such as brown , so I could wear them with most clothes when I go out.Order a half size down . I wear 7.5 , but ordered a 7 and they 're perfect.Love , love , love !
 I 've always gotten the traditional sloggers with no cushion and they were great until the bottom started wearing and then they started leaking . These premium ones feel great and I love the kiwi color , but I 'm a size 8 1/2 and my toes hit the top . It 's not critical because I just wear them for short term gardening and in and out to the BBQ but I do wish they were a tad bit bigger . I 'm going to keep them though because I fear the next size up to be too large .
 These shoes are comfy ! I wear a 7 1/2 and bought an 8 , fits great ! I wore them for about 45 minutes in 75 degree weather and my feel were clammy after . These will be great from Fall winter and early morning yard work .
 I bought these shoes for gardening and was pleasantly surprised how comfortable & stylish they are . The fit was true to size and very comfortable -- so comfortable that I wear them when I take the dogs out for long walks . The quality of material is excellent and seems very durable . I love these shoes and will order more in other colors , plus Amazon seems to have the best price .
 Very happy with these so far , have been looking for sturdy , comfortable and reasonably priced garden shoes for ages , I think these are the ticket !
 These are very comfortable and so easy to wash , wear and store . Great colors - bought this pair for my sister and I have the lime green ones .
 I bought these and also a pair in blue for gardening . I 've been wearing them out in the bad weather . Very comfortable .
 These clogs fit great . They slip on and off easily . They keep my feet dry and clean . Whould recommend this to any gardener .
 The product was as described in ad , very happy with my purchase . would recommend to a friend to buy this product .
 I just bought these to replace a similar pair I got three years ago . I wear them a lot , and they 're very comfortable . This pair feels a bit more snug than the ones they replaced , which is too bad because I often wear them with socks , but overall they 're a very good everyday show for me -LRB- and yes , I also wear them in the garden -RRB- .
 I mainly wanted to review this item to let other readers know that I personally found the sizing true to normal . I normally wear a 9 in most shoes , and the size 9 of the Sloggers fit perfectly . I am not wearing this item with thick socks though , and if I was then I would most likely go for a size up.I have not had a chance to extensively test the shoes yet , but they are super comfortable and I like the way they fit and look . I also like the fact that they are made in the USA .
 These clogs are just what my wife was looking for . They are a well made , quality product that fits and looks great . Would highly recommend these to anyone looking for outside clogs . They slip right on , look good , feel good and she loves the color .
 These clogs are not only practical , but exceptionally comfortable ! I bought them so I could kick them off and would n't be tracking grass and dirt into the house but they feel so good on my feet that I do n't want to take them off . Simple to slip on and remove and they clean up easily . Every gardener should own at least one pair.Update
 Loved these as soon as I got them out of the packaging . Excellent quality and very comfortable . Not heavy or clunky . If you are thinking of getting a pair of garden clogs , I highly recommended these . Size runs large . I am normally a 8/8 .5 and size 9 fitted perfectly .
 I 've had this pair of Sloggers for more than a year now and started wearing them daily when my mom was in the hospital recently . Before that time , I 'd wear them only occasionally , like when I was working in the basement on the concrete floor , or outdoors . But wearing them daily for over two weeks really helped to aleve my foot and toe problems and pain . I think the Sloggers have even helped my knee pain some . I 'll probably buy another pair or two of this particular style .
 I was replacing a pair of garden shoes from LL Bean . These are great and very compfortable . They are not completely tight fiting , but they make it easy to come in from outside and flip them on an off . I recommend them .
 My best friend recently gave me a pair of the Geisha Blue Clog Sloggers in size 8 . I told her I feel like the little Dutch Girl in my blue shoes . I absolutely love them and am wearing them as I write this . They are extremely comfortable . I also have Sloggers Boots , which are great for yard work and if I were to get another pair of boots I would choose 1/2 size larger for ease of getting on and off , and also another pair of Midsummer Shoes , which my son calls my Hippie Shoes because he thinks it looks like a marajuana plant on the front . They are all wonderful , water proof , and attractive . I have an ongoing pink `` Betty 's Bag '' for little presents I find for my best friend and she has a `` Gwen 's Goodies '' bag for me . We may go weeks or even months sometimes without seeing each other so that when we do we always look forward to not only seeing each other but to our treats . These Geisha Blue Sloggers are my best July treat .
 I was really pleased with the quality of this shoe . It is cute and comfortable ; just perfect for a quick slip on to go to the garden or anywhere else . Love the color .
 I always tried to get by with leftover shoes or cheap flip flops for gardening . I told myself it would n't make a big difference if I had gardening shoes or not.After stepping on sharp sticks and getting bitten by ants wearing flip flops , I realized I needed a change . I wore these clogs for four hours while weeding using a tool that lets you stand up to remove weeds - so I was on my feet for hours . The only part of me not sore by the end of the day were my feet.These are comfy , heavy duty , waterproof , and just what you need for gardening or yard work . If you buy anything this year for your gardening toolbox , pick these clogs .
 This is my 3rd pair of Sloggers . I keep one pair by the back door , one by the front and one reserved for working in the chicken coop . They keep my feet and floors clean since I am not tracking in dirt . I would not take off my shoes at the door if they were not easy on and off.I love that these are made in the USA . I love that they last forever . And I love Amazon 's great price on these . Unlike some of the other reviewers , I would not be caught dead wearing them in public . They do look a little like clown shoes .
 My daughter asked for gardening clogs for her birthday . I found these and she is delighted with them . Her word
 Absolutely love these `` made-for-wet '' ground clogs . Tried `` crocs '' and that 's exactly what they were . These , however , feel good , perform as they should and fit well .
 I used to wear `` anywheres '' ; wore through 4 pairs in the past dozen years . These are a good substitute and are wide enough for thicker socks until the weather really turns and I switch to `` muckboots '' . Great item for price . I bought 2 pairs in case these become dicontinued or unavailable as did the'anywears '' . I would buy again for sure-I hope they last ; doing well after 6 months ; '
 I bought these shoes just to work outside . However , they are so comfortable and so fun , I wear them to the grocery , to the mall , just about everywhere . What a great little find .
 I just love these sloggers and from the get go too ! They fit perfect ! Be sure to go up 1/2 size . They are comfortable and easy to leave at the door when your hands are full ! And I can hose them off cuz of course they are water proof . I will be spreading the word to all my friends and family and even I will get extras . Comfortable people ;-RRB- Perfect garden shoe , ty sloggers for giving this customer complete satisfaction . Aloha : -RRB-
 Co-worker could n't say enough about this brand or their insulated screwdrivers . I see why now . The handle feels great in my hand and they can put some torque on screws .
 These are the ultimate insulated screwdrivers for the hands-on tool geek . The fit , feel , quality and tip hardness are outstanding . Wiha combines solid manufacturing with ergonomic fit . You will not be tempted to use these as a pry bar or a chisel . Use your cheapo 6-in-1 for that . These Wiha products are industrial art .
 As a journeyman electrician/instrument tech , these are the best screwdrivers available . Great feel . Good torque . Made in Germany and last if used as intended . You wo n't regret this purchase
 I received the set I ordered and they are wonderful -LRB- fit & feel -RRB- . The company was very prompt in there service and did an excellent job packaging the set of screwdrivers . I am very pleased .
 I have TONs of mechanic tools . . sockets , wrenches , ratcheting screw drivers ... Just bought a house and starting to do `` electrical '' projects around the house and realized I do n't have anything like this.Price seems to be great , and when I recieved them the quality is awesome . I 'm really quite impressed with these ! Very good range of sizes and now I feel a little safer knowing that I 'm not holding a screw driver that is n't insulated.ALWAYS make sure you still shut the breakers off..etc..-Nigel
 I just smile when the other guys in the shop get shocked . Not me ;-RRB- . These tools are well made .
 Great set of drivers the only complaint is most i will not use for the odd sizesshould have bought a smaller set of just the popular sizes
 Nice feel , and comfortable to use . High-vis , and rarely stolen at work , as you 're the only one with a set ! . Stupidly , I used the largest one as a pry bar , and snapped the end clear off , and the old set is showing it 's age . Good buy , but better suited to the professional/lineman application , you can wrap tape around cheaper screwdrivers for the home . 100 % recommended .
 These were sold by a 3rd party for Amazon . It turned out that the part number listed is for another set of drivers -LRB- torx -RRB- in that company 's inventory . It took three weeks & four phone calls but I finally got the right set . The pieces were of the quality you would expect & I am very pleased to have picked up the set on the sale price , but the run around was a big hassle .
 This is a good flashlight for the money . The lower portion unscrews and has various circular plastic lens inserts that allow you to change the color of your light . It is well made and definitely worth the small investment .
 Its not intended to be a tactical light , its not an overly bright bulb but it does have the 2 C cells not aaa batteries which loose power quickly . It is ROTHCO which makes durable products.I replaced the bulb with a maglight krypton bolb for a few bucks and it made it brighter -LRB- loosing some time in exchange -RRB- For a camp light or backpacking light in a tent it is super . Glad I bought it .
 This Light is great.If u think that this is a crappy flashlight.you are wrong.it works well and battereies last long.kids love using it for playing outside at night.I have the AA version and it has lasted 4 years.and since it takes the same bulbs from a maglite get the maglight LED upgrade bulb and it will make batteries last even longer , have a longer beam , i highly reccomend this little ol flashlgiht .
 I was pleased with the quality of the product . I purchased them to add some finishing touches to a newly remodeled bathroom , & although they were a bit longer than I had expected them to be they still worked out and pulled together the over all look .
 I find it great for stripping thin wires -LRB- i am a hobbyist -RRB- ! Cheap , and gets the job done ! but do n't expect it to last long if you use this for heavy-duty work ; you 're better off getting a durable one then !
 Harbor Freight makes a similar tool that is cheaper.Save your money and upgrade to these instead , as these wo n't warp or bend as easily .
 14 cm from top to tip . quite lighter that i expected which is nice since i want to carry it around . Almost exactly 100g . We had the big version of this when i was a kid and that was indestructible . so expecting the same here .
 Much smaller than I thought but will find a use for them . Apparently , I misunderstood the length and jaw length in the description .
 I could n't find these anywhere . Not even from the manufacturer . They are perfect . ALWAYS CHECK AMAZON !!!
 I had old ClosetMaid shelves in my closet and the bracket clips had all dry rotted and broke off . So I ordered these new clips and they work GREAT ! I was very happy with them !
 This is one handsome piece . HEAVY ! Be prepared to mount it securely . Also large and imposing . Everyone loves it ! If you do n't need a door knocker - he would look good on a garden wall
 No matter how many tools you have , you never seem to have the one that is needed . In this case , I am changing the engine on my older Honda , and need this to be able to pull the axles before pulling the engine . I have already rebuilt another engine to replace the old blown one . This is a nice heavy-duty socket that should last for many years .
 This item is a must if you often need to pick up small items . It 's great for all sorts of uses . The bendy nature of the tool makes it an interesting choice and the results are always surprising .
 We use this tool at the office for times when there is a jam in the copy machine and the paper is beyond reach . This simple tool is a lifesaver at times , eliminating the need to call for service .
 I was afraid the grabber would not be strong enough to fish out slick or heavy objects . Far from it , this handy little tool is easy to use , flexible , and opens up about 1/2 inch to place a firm grip on whatever you 're grabbing . Ca n't ask for better price/value . Only small con is that it could be a little longer .
 Honestly not too much to say ... it works as it is intended too . Hopefully someone builds one with a led smack dab in the middle . THAT would be handy .
 The price is good , and it 's invaluable in any environment where you can drop something small in a hard to reach area.If you work in a computer regularly and you ALWAYS seem to drop that screw into the worst & % * # $ % place , buy one , it 's worth a few bucks .
 Item arrived on time and was as described . Works fine . On the few occasions you need it , nothing else will work .
 As mentioned in other reviews I have fat fingers so this sucker comes in handy for those hard to reach places . PLus , it 's fun grabbing people with it ! muahahaha
 This is exactly what my dad had as I was growing up and it is just useful now as it was for me then . I am shocked they are not more readily available . 2 minutes after I received it , the piece I specifically purchased it for was out of the console and back in my hands . Shipping was great , product as advertised - Love it !
 Inexpensive , but works well , and is as described , but feels a little cheap . Good value overall tho . I would buy it again .
 I rarely have a need for this type of tool but it will come in very handy once in a while like when my kid drops a bottle cap in the garbage disposer.Pros
 I was pleased with the quality of these mechanical fingers . All metal construction with no plastic to be found . I have used my mechanical fingers in tight places and they have always performed well .
 I have had one of these for maybe 30 years.It is being held together with a little duct tape and the occasional squirt of WD-40down it 's rusty shaft . Every time I use it I smile . So simple , so cheap , so invaluable.I have been able to retrieve lost screws , things downthe drain that do n't belong , and there is nothing better to use in cleaning out the dryer lint trap.I just `` fixed '' my mother-in-law 's vacuum cleaner . She thought there was something seriously wrong with it , the lower hose was just clogged and my handy-dandy tool cleaned it out in no time . So , I am going to return the , now working , vacuum to Mom and give her my old retrieving claw for future clogs.That allowed me to get a new one , actually two -LRB- one for the garage , one for in the home -RRB- . I just hope these last as long as my old one.It 's like parting with an old friend ... at least it is staying in the family : - -RRB-
 Very sturdy and works well . It would be nice if the length of the tool would have been slightly longer though .
 It is a good quality tool and is a Must ! It has saved me on many occasions when working on my car . Not just for picking up screws , bolts etc. . but when replacing pcv valve grommets that fall in the engine due to cracking . This tool is a life saver .
 Not even two days after it arrived , my 2yo son managed to shove 13 matchbox cars down the port tube of the subwoofer in our living room . This guy fished them out as easily as you could hope for . It is heavy , bulky and stiff . Which are all good things really . Seems like it can certainly handle objects larger than matchbox cars , like wrenches , screwdrivers , you know , the things I bought it to pick up in the first place . Related , I will be posting my review of the Disney Princess flashlight that I bought my daughter .
 Regardless of its cheap price , this is a very handy little gadget that appears to be well built and seems like it should last a long time . The claw is sturdy and works well . The only drawback is that it is a little short . Nonetheless , I am quite happy with it .
 This one is better made than the previous two similar grabber tools I 've owned . It is all-metal -LRB- no plastic on the push-lever -RRB- and the spring is strong and sturdy . The flexible tube is also strong . Both of my previous ones eventually failed because the plastic push-level handles fell off . I do n't think that will happen to this one any time soon.The grabber is a 4-piece claw which extends slightly from the tube normally and extends about an inch when grabbing . The whole unit is 24 '' , only slightly shorter than my previous grabbers but plenty long for most all of my applications . The hold of the grabber is strong.I typically use this tool during automotive and other repair jobs when I drop that small part down in some tight space , but also other things such as fishing out items dropped down floor vents.Highly recommend this item .
 this is a great tool grabs anything you drop . the claws are strong enough to grab what you need . saves time and money , its a must have . Anyone that works on cars should have one . buy it
 How I 've done handyman and auto repair work for this long and not owned one of these is beyond me . I 've created home made grabbers out of coat hangers and God knows what . Anyway , all that misery -- when an inexpensive tool like this one has been there all along . For the cheap price I was expecting a toy that would sort of work . It 's a heavy duty metal coiled flex handle with a long reach and great little claw . With a 24 '' magnetic grabber in my truck and now this little claw one , I 'm much more prepared for that nut that falls down in behind one of my fenders -LRB- or whatever -RRB- . This way , I do n't have to take the Lord 's name in vain . I 'm probably the only guy who has cursed underneath a car before . Not . Oh , I bought the Tekton magnetic grabber from Amazon too . It 's a goody .
 This tool is totally worth the price . It is well made . The `` grabbers '' are strong . It is a nice simple tool that is great for reaching things in those tight spaces . It works great for getting those small cat toys out from underneath the stove . : -RRB-
 This is fairly bare-bones in appearance , but who cares about tools being pretty if they get the job done ? The claw on this is one of the better designs I 've seen .
 This works ALOT better than those claws in the arcade ... When I change my oil I usually end up dropping the oil pan nut -- either in the pan of oil or wedged between the engine and a cross-member . Sometimes I get luckier and end up `` just '' dropping the oil pan nut under the car -LRB- clearance - about 4 inches -RRB- . I have very little trouble retrieving it with my Four Claw Pick Up Tool.This claw is very handy indeed -- I even keep one upstairs in my abode for times when I either drop something under a piece of furniture or when I am too lazy to bend over and pick up something .
 I work in a restaurant where ther is a deck with gaps in it . People drop every thing under the sun down there and I have not had to spend more then 1 minute to get any of these items out . I look like a hero and it only cost me $ 3 -LRB- I have gotten tipped that 50 times over -RRB-
 We had a Douglas Fir tree this Christmas and it shed like Golden Retriever . It actually clogged the vacuum . This claw got right in where my hands could not to break the clogged airway . Vacuum works like new again .
 My parents use to have on of these when I was a kid and I had a lot of fun with it ! Very useful !!!!
 This drawplate is very solid feeling ; it has a good weight to it . A couple of minor points :1 . The gradation from large holes to small is patchy in places . It definitely is n't a smooth reduction in size all the way down . I bought it to reduce the size of wooden dowels for model ship building , and in my initial tests , it can take a little trial and error to figure out which holes to use to shave off the right amount without having to pull too hard . The holes are also not marked with measurements , so you will have to keep fitting or measuring your piece until it is the right size -- you ca n't just work down to a predetermined hole unless you work out the right one and mark it ahead of time . Using this -LRB- or possibly any -RRB- drawplate is not as fast as using sandpaper , but it is likely to get you a more perfectly circular cross-section .2 . The Amazon listing does not indicate the hole sizes . I took some rough measurements , probably accurate to about 0.5 mm -LRB- ~ 1/64th inch -RRB- . The holes are tapered . I am listing the minimum diameters : Largest hole
 I have n't tried this with wire . But it works fine on Bamboo to make treenails for model ship building . The hole diameters are n't marked , But they are arranged logically and eyeballing it , they range from around 3/16 &#34; down to far smaller than 1/64 &#34; . It did come packed in a plastic bag wrapper and well greased to prevent rusting . But a quick wipe with a paper towel and you 're in business . It also came with a thin outer vinyl sleeve to store it in.Certainly worth the price if you want to experiment with making treenails , but do n't feel like spending 4x the price .
 This tool is a great drawplate and serves the purpose of reducing wire very well . I do n't see any difference in this drawplate and some of the more expensive versions sold elsewhere .
 This valve was a perfect replacement for my failed 25 year old log-splitter valve . It works great and was American made , and at a great price.A quality replacement .
 In a time when Home Depot and Lowes stopped carrying these type of shower door sweeps , I 'm glad to find this . Mine was cracked and I could n't find a replacement . I got this vinyl sweep and it fit perfect . I was able to cut it to the length I needed .
 Just had to cut it to the correct height and length and slide it in . Now no water escapes the shower .
 This item arrived quickly and was a perfect fit for the bottom of my shower door . No adhesive needed . I could not find a strip this wide in my area stores .
 I got this item for a few bucks and free shipping . It was perfect ! I spent less time removing the old sweep and installing the new one than looking for it at The Home Depot , which by the way did not have the item in stock and was charging more for shipping than the item itself . Save yourself time and frustration by getting it through Amazon .
 This product was not an exact replacement for for the shower door seal at our new home , but was the best fit that I could find . Dimensions were as stated and therefore solved the problem ... as I 'd been looking for the exact replacement for several weeks .
 The tape measure works great but the laser is not as bright as we would think . If you use it outdoors it is pointless . It can only be used in a room that does not have direct light .
 Bought this set after buying the SE 7549Sd set and this set is of much higher quality . Well worth the extra money
 Some helpful little tools , useful when you want to tinker with your electronic devices without stripping the heads on the screws . What more can I write ?
 Fit and feel is pretty good and all blades were straight out of the box . For the price I have zero complaints.The butt end turns really easy and smooth . Hopefully they hold up for many years . NOT made in China is always a plus .
 I 'm inclined to spend a little extra and buy good tools the first time out . I needed some smaller screwdrivers and these were absolutely perfect . I love Wiha tools , at least the German-made products , and these are no exception to the quality I have come to expect from them.The handles are solid and well made , the shanks are straight as an arrow and the tips are precision made and well machined . The quality of the entire set is outstanding and they have enough heft to them , for what they are , that you know they 're not cheap or made of pot metal.These are fine , German-made screwdrivers which , if you have need for some this small , will serve you well for many years . They are some of the highest quality you can buy and if you have any of their other Torx drivers with the ` powerhandle ' style grip , they are also the exact same shade of red . Was n't critical to me , but it was nice that it matched.Again , you ca n't go wrong with these . If you 're in the market for some mini-screwdrivers , give these a shot . They are a steal at twice the price and they are worth every penny . Do n't waste your money on Chinese import junk , get yourself some German-made , high quality pieces and be content that you 'll never have to replace them .
 Having had a set of the normal WiHa screwdrivers in our electronics biz for 15 years , it was time for a set when traveling on site . The tips seem to be the same great quality -LRB- not likely to strip -RRB- and the red/orange color makes them easier to find in my tool bag . It also makes them easier to see to bring back , -LRB- not lose them -RRB- .
 Company sent package containing 2 hinges , one was the wrong one . They immediately shipped me two more of the correct hinge . Very accomodating people . Hinges were exactly what we needed .
 I have bought three of these and all worked flawlessly . Easy to install and all hardware included . Just cut the hole in the wall or cabinet and install . Takes less than 10 minutes . Love it !!
 The Franklin Brass D2497PC Recessed Tissue Paper Holder is manufactured in China and seems to be well-made . The arms are screwed on , which should mean there is a good chance they will stay attached . The chrome finish appears even and is without blemish . The spring-loaded spool is plastic , not metal . I wish the holder was recessed more , and that the beveled edge was a little deeper , creating more of a reveal , but hey , it 's just a toilet paper holder and it seems to be a good one . Installation was very easy , once I located the stud -LRB- in case it 's not obvious , these have to go in the hollow space between studs -RRB- . Mine came with the wall clamp included , which is what you 'd expect , but some models do n't anymore . -LRB- Like selling a new car with no tires . -RRB- I purchased in March 2012 on Amazon for $ 16.79 with `` FREE Super Saver Shipping '' .
 These are really hard to find and if you do n't want to cover up the hole in the wall , a real help when remodelling the bathroom .
 This is the perfect solution for sealing the top and sides of your exterior door . I have an old house with a front door that does n't exactly fit the opening . With this system you can place the stripping perfectly to cover larger gaps . Finally a solutionafter years of using cheap foam and other hardware store items that never worked . Totally satisfied .
 I was unable to find these in the town I currently live in , and I am very happy I was able to order these from your company .
 Just did some spring time cleanup in the yard to try out this new line . 10 mins of trimming and I ca n't help but hit cement . To keep the story short , I did not have to advance the line in that 10 mins . With the OEM line , I used to have to advance the line every 4 mins or so .
 I am satisfied with product although it was not quite what I expected . Description was not clear .
 Try this line once and you 'll never go back to the `` shaped '' line or round junk ever again ! This stuff holds up and really cleanly cuts through the grass . I have St. Augustine grass which is a very tough grass to trim . This stuff is the only product I have tried that does not dwindle away . Of course , if you hit concrete , you need to tap the head and get more line , but if I 'm careful to avoid hitting anything but grass , I have trimmed the whole yard on the same line ! GREAT PRODUCT !
 When I first bought one of these at a very local hardware store , I was afraid it was just a gimmick . How many of these little ratchet things break right away ? But I was pleasantly surprised at how sturdy the little thing is , and to be able to turn the handle 90o is just fantastic . I have used this in the field for over a year , and everyone wants to steal it.I have now bought the kit with the holder and both SAE and metric sockets for others as gifts . No complaints .
 This mailbox is really sturdy and very attactive . Highly recommend Amazon for their fast service and great price . It is easy to install just needs a straight post to screw the heavy plastic post onto . It 's great for kids to get the mail because they can get it from the opening in the back , without stepping around onto the street . The one I received has a beige post and mailbox , with a brown roof , not green as pictured but I still LOVE IT !
 The mailbox was easy to assemble , but was a little tricky to install because we re-used our old 4x4 post and it was a very tight fit . The quality control could have been a bit better
 We are happy with the look of the mail box . It is not as `` sturdy '' as we had hoped . We 'll see how it `` weathers '' . Have only had it about 3 weeks .
 Easy to install . My husband said , For the price the 4x4 should be included . I am pleased with the size and look .
 This is an adorable mailbox . Gives great curb appeal . The color of the roof is n't the green color that 's pictured , it 's more like a tan or light brown color . That was the only disappointment since my house is green and if the roof on this mailbox was green , it would 've matched our house better . But overall , this is a great looking mailbox .
 This is a great mailbox for the price . Most of my neighbors are swithching from the wooden post with the metel mailbox to the heavy duty plastic models . This one is a little different . I think it has more personality than the plain ones . :-RRB- We used our old mailbox post to stabilize it . Just cut off the top part where the old mailbox was mounted . It gives a lot more support than the recommended post which is way too short , and it is free .
 Mailbox is as described . It is much smaller than the previous one that I had . IF you receive packages or lots of mail , do not purchase this one !
 Mail box is very easy to install . Works great for a seasonal home as you can loosen two bolts and store the mailbox for the winter . The only negative is it 's a little bit flimsy when bolted to the post .
 the nices easyest mail box i have ever put up it goes great with my house and looks a lot like my rubber maid shed my mail lady just loved it and brought herself one for her home
 As a chemist , I really like these glasses . They are so comfortable that I forget I am wearing them -LRB- which has granted some weird looks on the street -RRB- . They are an excellent , inexpensive addition to anyone 's wardrobe . Plus , all the cool colors add some spice to any dreary lab .
 it was hard to find a border for our studio that we designed with Harley davidson decor . This flame border fit it perfectly . My put it up in no time , and it looked great ! We are very satisfied .
 Great product . I 've used these slides in customizing our travel trailer . They work great and are a really good price .
 Love it . I 'm waiting to see how much fits during my vacation since I get almost every catalog known to mankind .
 this mailbox was a snap to install . the hardest part was digging the hole . the customer service was just that . SERVICE !! instead of pushing a lot of numbers and listening to computer generated voices transferring you to somewhere in india , a real american in america will go to no ends to help solve your problems . mike was awesome . if you do n't find this company and this product to be everything you wanted it to be , you wanted more than you paid for or deserved . i have one foot in the grave and all i can say is we raised a bunch of selfish babies whose favorite thing in this world is `` me '' . i 'll be gone in a few years but you poor young people are no where ready for what 's coming in the next two decades . make sure you 're children learn mandarin and russian .
 It looks good in front of my stucco ranch house . I was able to install it in a little bit over 2 hours , most of the time spent on digging and hammering in the 4x4 post . And it kept the mail dry after 2 winter storms already -LRB- did not have the problem of mail getting wet as described in a few other reviews -RRB- . The only complain is with the security . The design is not very difficult to defeat by reaching into the column .
 I have had this mailbox for over 5 years now and it still looks like new . I have left it aged so it is getting a nice `` lite green '' look on it , it makes the fake stones look so much more realistic . We bought this when we were traveling alot , sure beats holding the mail whenever we went away . We get the mail about once a week now , it just waits for us to open it up . Makes for a great weekend activity to bring the weeks junk mail in at once and throw and shred at once instead of letting it pile up inside the house until have a chance to get to sorting the mail.I will remember to not tighten the lock so much this time , the first installation I tightened it too much and ended up bending one of the keys , but still had another key and have been using that key for all these years.Now we have just bought another house and getting ready to move and wanted another mailbox like the one we have had for so many years . And , here it is and what is even more surprising that in all these years the price has gone up ONLY $ 10 !!!!!!!!
 I bought this mailbox thru amazon and love it . It was so easy to put together and it looks great . I have had problems with my mail being tampered with and perscriptions being stolen and this will solve the problem . I love it and will probable buy another just for a spare . It is great if you are going on vacation because it will hold so much mail at once and nobody has to know your gone by your mail stacking up in the box . This was a great tranaction and good customer support .
 All in all this is a good product . My only concern is that the lock could easily be removed from the front mailbox opening with a simple screwdriver thus negating any security . I screwed a block of wood in front of the lock on mine to eliminate that possibility . It is nice to have several days of mail accumulate without having to contact the post office and put on a `` hold '' .
 The power went out in our neighborhood the other day , so everyone came out of their homes to see what was going on . While we gathered and talked on our block , everyone commented on the nice mailbox we have . Most peoples mailboxes are so boring.The removable tray insert eliminates the need of having to go to the post office and suspending your mail when you go on vacation , or leave town for whatever reason . I 've had it up since Father 's Day this year and it still looks brand new .
 pretty nice mailbox !! the hole for the lock is a little messed up . it would n't hurt to thin the inside surface an 1/8 inch to allow a little more thread for the nut to hold . i squeezed it good with pliers to help MAKE it work ! give it 4 1/2 stars ! : -RRB-
 It is a nice looking box , better than we expected . It holds a lot of mail . Installing the lock was a bit challenging . Too bad they do n't install it at the factory .
 Had one of these at my last house , and just had to get another . Just put this one on my side porch and it works out great . No more worrying about what to do about your mail if you have to be away . My mailman loves it as it has a nice roomy mail section in the top , and he does n't have to cram things into my old wall mount mailbox . Looks great , too .
 Mailman loves it ; me too . Works fine for me . Looks nice at the front entrance of our home . Sturdy Unit
 Step by step assembly instructions were easy to follow . Space constraints required that I mount my box backwards to access keyed lower compartment , but this was easily accomplished as it has a door in each end , just mounted roof backwards too so red flag is on correct side . Postman puts mail in one end , I retrieve it from the other end without leaving my front porch . I 'm looking forward to my next trip when I can just remove the floor to box and let mail drop into lower compartment to await my return ; no need to bother friends or relatives to come by to pick up mail during my absence .
 Bought the first one 13 years ago , still working great and looks good.The biggest mail problem in our area is car-bound thieves driving up and raiding boxes then quickly driving off with the contents , checks , prescriptions , etc. . The box is great in that they dont take time to try to defeat it . You could with a moderate degree of effort . It is after all , a mailbox and not a bank safe . Most criminal morons are opportunists and not rocket scientists.Never used the floor plate , always the deep box . Had some surprisingly large packages fit in it . Its been great for handling mail when away for a few days to weeks.Now to a new house and a new mailbox .
 I already loved this mailbox , but after our epic windstorm the past 48 hours , I REALLY love it ! Huge pine trees and roofs in the neighborhood are gone , but my stoic little mailbox is still there ! I did lose one of the upper doors -LRB- not the security locking one on the bottom -RRB- and I 'll get a replacement for that , but if you 're looking for another reason to buy this , here it is !
 I bought this mailbox since the one that came with the house we recently purchase was very flimsy . It was fairly easy to install and from owning it a couple of months it seems to do the trick . Its not very secure in the sense that letting your mail sit in there for a couple of weeks will be okay unless you have sensitive mail.Otherwise , please by all means go to the post office and have your mail held.Mailbox is really nice looking it matches our house and is very sturdy and allows for about 2 weeks worth of mail and maybe small box packages . Its waterproof since its made of vinyl . I would recommend as an upgrade mailbox from a simple metal mailbox that you stake into the ground.I am very happy with ours . Its also different from all other mailboxes in our street . I also got it for a great price from Amazon since Home Depot sells it for a lot more online . Amazon shipped very fast . Would recommend .
 Worked out very well and is cheaper than lots of the other mailboxes , Was pretty simple to install , would purchase again .
 I got this mailbox because I 'm always ordering little craft things from Amazon and Ebay to teach my grandkids how to use their minds . Well , I 'm also a truck driver and not home much . My little mailbox I had , would n't hold much mail at all , being that I was only home every two to three weeks to get my mail . So I found this mailbox online and ordered it . My husband set it up the day after we got it with ease . It holds a lot of mail , and it looks great . I love it . I no longer have to ask my family or neighbors to check my mail . When my grandchildren goes out to check the mail , it 's like Christmas for them getting so much mail out of this mailbox . It seems to be sturdy . I would highly recomend it to everyone additcted to Amazon and Ebay and anyone that 's away from home often that gets a lot of mail .
 The mailbox was very easy to put together and install generally . It is solid and well made . Very happy with it .
 Buy it here , Amazon has the best price with shipping all around , If this is the mail box that you wanted . It hold a lots of mail . putting in the lock take some time .
 We needed a mailbox that could safely hold 3 weeks of mail when we travel between old and new homes.We only installed this a few weeks ago but it is sturdy and has a large well to hold accumulated mail . Large doors open and close easily and magnetic catch on maildoor has a good hold.Only drawback is that my husband makes fun of its child 's toy appearance -LRB- think Little Tikes plastic play castle -RRB- . With some landscaping around it in the Spring , we will happier with its look .
 This mailbox is perfect for our winter stay in Florida . Even though we have our mail stopped and sent south , we always have important mail that never makes it and stays in our Michigan mailbox . Do n't even try to insert the lock without filing the hole . Other than that this is a great buy -- we got ours on ebay for a fantastic price !
 This is a great mailbox . I read the previous reviews , so I knew to expect a little trouble with the lock assembly and just enlarged the hole before assembly . The mail carrier was a bit worried about dropping our mail into the abyss of the base until he saw the locking door for us to access the mail . The price , even with shipping , was considerably less than buying locally , which was a real perk . I did paint it to bring out some texture and make the bricks more realistic looking . I 'm very happy with my attractive , functional mailbox .
 This is the second one I 've ordered . The first one was rammed by a car and destroyed . I 'm sure whoever hit it has front end damage . It would serve him/her right if they do . We had it on a 4 x 4 x 6 ft long post in about 6 - 8 inches of cement . This time we put it on the same size post but put about 10 - 12 inches of cement . Since we were really pleased with the first one , we ordered the second one to take its place .
 This is fine . Assembly is straight forward . Those who complain about the locking mechanism must not have a rubber mallet . Of course it fits tightly . You want it to fit tightly . Otherwise it is n't waterproof OR secure . I have no complaints . Neither does my mail carrier .
 This is a nice mailbox . Works great when you go on a trip . Be careful when it 's out of the box and not over the post . I accidentally bumped it and it fell over smashing the front door . I called Step 2 and they sent me a new one at no charge . Thank you for standing behind your products .
 This is a great mailbox for those who are away from home frequently . Mail is there when you get home , but you do n't have to worry about it while you are gone . We used to have a neighbor get our mail , but since she moved we have n't given our house key to anyone else . This mailbox fills the bill .
 I ordered this mailbox for my son 's house . It is very nice and looks great in front of the house . The larger storage area and the ability to have the mail locked up when away is great . Please note that you need sand to fill various parts of the mailbox to give it weight . We actually also added a sandbag at the bottom of the box to give it even greater stability .
 This is a great mailbox to have if you live on a busy street where just getting your mail out of the box is a hassle . I also like the fact that if my mailbox is plowed down by a vehicle my mail is n't scattered everywhere .
 The mail box is a bit more difficult to put together then advertised . I had to use a drill -LRB- you are not suppose to have to drill -RRB- . But once together and the 4x4 post cemented in the ground , it has held up well , does n't leak in the rain , and it locks .
 it held at least a month worth of mail and no one knows i am gone . only the mail man knowes
 I give it 5 stars for doing exactly what I want it to do . My mail carrier was always leaving the door open , so I replaced it with a locking mailbox , but the opening was n't large enough , so they would leave things -LRB- like my prescriptions -RRB- hanging out of my mailbox at the street . With this mailbox , I leave the floor out , so all my mail drops to the bottom so there 's plenty of room for almost anything that comes . The reason I would give it less than 5 stars is that I had to fight with it and make adjustments on the parts that were already assembled . The doors were n't hanging correctly and the back large compartment would n't close correctly . Also , the locking mechanism is not a quality lock . It was difficult to assemble and install and you really have to work with the keys to get them into the lock . If I ever decide to use the floor in the top section , it will have to be trimmed down on each end in order for it to lay flat . The way it is now , it wants to pop up out of the slot because the slot for it is too small . Also , when the floor is pushed down into the slot , the back door wont open and close properly .
 It is the best , I love it no more problems with the mail when u are not home great idea on this design . . great look to .
 This mailbox is exceptional , if you need a way to store LOTS of mail . It was easy to install and very sturdy , too .
 This mailbox was a Christmas present for my daughter and son-in-law . They really needed a mailbox and something for packages . They thought this was perfect .
 Looks great , very close to matching brick color of the house . to top it off best price I could find for a mailbox that holds weeks worth of mail .
 This keeps our mail dry and gives us plenty of room in case we go out of town . The bottom can be used by pulling out the floor of the upper box . It is lockable and small packages can be dropped in also .
 You do n't need to stop the mail or bother a neighbor to pick up your mail if you 're going to be gone a few days because this mailbox holds a lot of mail . I just hope the color of the plastic does n't fade in the sun .
 all the neighbours envy it . I get a lot of 8x10 photos in mailers because I edit a yearbook . This mailbox is great and keeps them dry in the rain .
 I owned one of these at a previous property . It holds up well , is easy to install and is great when you are away from home . It was really simple to cut the old post down to size and bolt this unit in place .
 Fairly easy to assemble , lock instructions not very clear , instructions needed clarification , locking part instructions complicated . We did get it together and we do like the mailbox
 This is a very well built mailbox , with lots of storage space . Great for those times when you are not able to get to the mailbox for a few days . I agree with other reviews that complained about the difficulty installing the lock and the weak magnets on the door latches . I installed magnetic cabinet latches that resulted in a much stronger closure .
 We have been very pleased with the new mailbox asit keeps our mail from being stolen . We do howeverwish that it had a place for the newspaper to be putas it is now getting wet on rainy days.Over all I would recommend this item .
 This is the perfect mailbox for people who love to travel . It will easily hold up to 2 weeks of mail + small packages . Assembly & installation were very easy . Best price between local vendors & on-line was at Amazon . Shipped quickly & was delivered to my back porch rather than leaving it in a more visible location such as the front porch . We are happy campers !
 You bet I 'm satisfied
 We are horrible at getting our mail . We like to get it once a week , if not longer and now we can . Thanks Step 2 for a wonderful product .
 I did weeks of searching for a mailbox which would lock , could hold lots of mail , and look decent in front of a residence . This is easily the best of its kind in all those regards . The others have smaller storage areas but yet are more expensive . Go figure ! And to top it off , most are these metal monstrosities which look like they should be in front of a business not a home . Besides which , metals ones are just going to get dinged and scratched over time from rocks getting kicked up by passing cars ... or worse if you 've got any of those baseball bat vandals that randomly drive by . But this one is made out of some sort of heavy-duty plastic that wo n't have any of those problems . My husband even had the overwhelming urge to test it by hitting it with his old baseball bat - it just bounced right off with no damage at all . I have no idea what one reviewer meant by `` it 's not the prettiest mailbox '' . I think it is very attractive , especially compared to all those metal ones , and agree with the other reviewer who said it looks a bit like a castle . As far as mailboxes go , I think it is quite nice . And you just ca n't beat having a mailbox which will hold all your mail -LRB- even small packages -RRB- while you 're away on vacation and it be there waiting for you immediately upon your return - no trip to the post office to pick it up and restart delivery ! Even my mail carrier says it 's the best mailbox she 's ever come across .
 Not the prettiest mailbox , but seems robust , and will hopefully finally defeat the vandals . Assembly is pretty easy except for the lock - I had to file out the hole in the plastic to get it to fit , and I also had to file the lock spindle to let it rotate within its barrel.All in all I would rate it pretty highly , and the price was right
 This is an outstanding product ! The design and construction are first rate . For anyone that has to travel on a regular basis , this mailbox 's extra storage feature is a great convenience . Assembly and installation are very straight-forward . However , be ready to use some firm blows with a rubber mallet to insert the locking mechanism . It 's a very , very tight fight ... but a lock should be secure ! But the real winner for me on this product is the fantastic customer service from the manufacturer Step2 . I purchased this product from a third-party vendor . When it arrived the installation hardware was not included in the box ... mistakes happen . I looked up the Step2 web site and then contacted customer service by phone . Not only did I not have to wait forever on hold , but I got to speak to an actual person ! The customer service rep was very courteous and simply asked for my contact/mailing information and told me that they 'd be shipping replacements for the missing parts . The replacement items were received in one week . I was impressed by the product ; but the top-notch customer sealed the deal . I strongly recommend this product and the Step2 company !
 Finally got around to installing this mailbox to replace the old standard . Easy to assemble and it fit right onto the existing post . This is the best for storing ` vacation mail ' . Having a door on both sides ends the dropped mail into the gutter . Do a little faux painting on the ` stones ' to help with the plastic look .
 Very Nice , Very heavy duty , very sturdy . Make sure you grind the keyhole a little with something like a Dremmel out a little before trying to install the lock . -LRB- thanks to the others for this tip -RRB-
 THIS MAILMASTER MAILBOX IS A GREAT PRODUCT ! THE ONLY PROBLEM WE HAVE HAD IS THE OPENING UNDER THE MAILBOX FLOOR IS TO LARGE ! MY HUSBAND WAS ABLE TO STICK HIS ARM IN AND REACH CLEAR TO THE BOTTOM A PICK UP A SCREWDRIVER HE DROPPED IN TO PROVE A POINT TO ME . HE MADE A FLOOR WITH AN OVAL OPENING THAT THE MAIL WAS ABLE TO BE SLIPPED THROUGH BUT `` NOT '' THE ARM ! HE SCREWED IT TO THE UNDER PART OF THE MAIL HOLDING COMPARTMENT ! PROBLEM SOLVED ! WE WERE GONE FOR 8 DAYS ON A MINI VACATION AND OUR MAIL WAS WAITING FOR US WHEN WE RETURNED HOME ! OVER ALL WE LOVE THIS MAILBOX !
 We are moving to a new location and needed to set up a mail box that could hold mail we received for approximately 1 week -LRB- or longer -RRB- . This box did the job - it is pretty sturdy -LRB- noted it listed under toys so was cautious -RRB- and relatively roomy . The box has a `` piece '' that you can take out so that all the mail just drops into the cavernous storage area - our mail man initially wedged letters in between the box and the mail door because he was n't sure what happened to the mail if he dropped it in . However he seems to be doing better now . You can put the `` piece '' back in at any time if you want to mail something - without it there is no way a mailman could reach your sent letter .
 I ordered 2 of these mail boxes 1 for me & 1 for the neighbors . We 've had it now for about 1 1/2 yrs . It is still in great shape . Nice when we go on trips , we just lift up the bottom & when the mail gets delivered it drops to the bottom & we do n't have to worry about any one taking our mail . Even got my mom to get one just a couple of months ago . I would recommend this to everyone .
 I bought this mailbox to stop drive-by mail theft . I live in a rural area and had begun to experience times when I found my mailbox door open and empty . I leave the floor out so all mail drops into the locked section below . I found installation to be easy , requiring only cutting the existing post to 24 '' and lowering this one onto it then securing it in place with the included lag bolts . The only drawback for me is that my old box was larger and would accommodate larger packages . An acceptable trade-off .
 It 's trimmer line and it works well with the special twist . Minimal breakage after loading . No fraying . The red color seems to contrast against the grass which makes it seen a bit easier than green line.Loss of 1 star because they sent me a 213 foot spool , while the description states 230 feet . Magic shrink ray like we see in the grocery stores ?
 It did what I need it for . To have to add thirteen more works so that I can submit a rating is . Made it ,
 Not a bad item for the money . Will be interesting to see how it holds up to being the handle on my shed over the minneota winters . Best price I found on this item was here on amazon ...
 I have used dozens of fasteners for over 40 years -LRB- I am 60 -RRB- and have taught classes in the use of wall fasteners as part of a course I designed and taught at three junior colleges in San Diego . The WallDog is an very interesting and unique fastener . It should NOT be used in place of a togggle bolt and it does not have as much holding power as the larger threaded EZ Anchor , however I love it when I need to attach things to drywall for things which do not need the strength of those other anchors but which need a great deal more holding power than just using a drywall screw into drywall only . For example , I just installed a number of 1 x 6 wooden shelves -LRB- 3 - 4 feet long each -RRB- under some of my windows for my cats to sit on . Each shelf was installed on top of two wooden support brackets each of which used 4 screws to attach it to the drywall . With 4 screws in each bracket , the WallDog was more than adequte and a heck of a lot faster than having to use either the EZ anchors and separate screws or toggle bolts , or needing to locate the studs with a stud finder -LRB- and they would not have been in the right places anyway -RRB- . I will be buying another box of 75 of the 1 1/2 inch style that I can only find at Home Depot . Everyone else carries only 1 1/4 inch which is not quite as long as I want to use.I hope Amazon will bring in the 1 1/2 inch model as the extra 1/4 inch can be3 important . I am nor surprised that they were not adequate for the reviewer who9 use them for curtain racks . I never would have assumed that it would be strong enough for that since the angle of stress on the curtain brackets is quite high and the brackets are not large enough for the WallDog to grip drywall in positions far enough aw3ay from one another to give the required holding power
 I used these to hang my mirrors , medicine cabinet , curtain rods , toilet paper holder , towel bar and shelving . I have heavy glass candles on the shelving . These things are great and so easy to use . I am impressed !
 Finally decided to buy this sander , was waiting for others to review it first . Bought it at Home depot , since I needed it immediately for subfloor preparation . It does everything that is promised and it definitely has enough power . Although I found myself using it on high speed . Getting the belt tracking takes a bit of practice but stays centered otherwise . I used it all weekend sanding OSB underlayment for our subfloor in preperation for laminate flooring . It did everything I had hoped for . It did not remove material as fast as I though it would even with 60 grit belts , but this is in comparison with a floor sander , so no fault of the product . Only reason why I rated 4 is because of the sanding shoe that comes with it . I read some other posts on similar sanders and some people had problems with the sanding shoe warping . Well I had that exact same problem with this unit . So I highly recommend getting the graphite impregnated sanding shoe along with this sander . Once the shoe cups in the center , it is essentially useless since there is no more contact with the surface , other than the edges . This thing does get very hot quickly , which would explain the shoe cupping so fast . Light work would probably not see this cupping so soon , but since I was sanding floors , it was immediate . The dust extraction works good , it actually sucks the dust into the bag very well , as compared to other sanders . It is heavy as you hear from others , but this comes in handy where the weight may do some of the work for you by staying in one place . I paid the same price for the sander as amazon had listed , but I also had to pay tax . But got a 10 % off lowes coupon from ebay and used it since HD takes competitors coupons , so was less than amazon . Overall I am happy with the unit . Just to give you an idea of how powerful this thing is , it was able to drag me across the room while on my kneepads and I 'm 160 lbs . It was kind of fun , when I was done sanding one area , I would use the sander to drag myself to the next room and continue working without having to stand up .
 I have had this sander now for 10 years , and have put many hours of use on it . Absolutely no problems with reliability . I have just recently added the graphite platen , which is noticeable improvement in keeping the belts cooler . The purple belts are the best I 've tried . Sanding the osb sub-floors inside the house , I removed the dust bag and taped my shop-vac hose to it . This combination eliminated all visible dust in the air or floor , for real dustless sanding . This is a very good no-nonsense sander and I highly recommend it for serious sanding , but if you do n't want to risk uneven gouging on mor delicate work , an orbit sander is better suited to the task .
 What a work horse ! This was an upgrade from my previous 3x18 belt sander which I 've been using for over 20 years . As reported by other reviewers , it does create a lot of heat , so be prepared for that , and do n't wait for the graphite shoe , it is a must . I 've just finished flattening an 8 ' table top and you 'd think that I ran it through an industrial drum sander . It is perfect . The dust collection works as expected , and as it should . Team this sander up with a multi pack from Klingspor 's and you 've got a combination that ca n't be beat .
 Upon receiving this sander , I was impressed with it 's solid construction . For the application I 'm using it , I decided from previous reviews to get the graphite replacement shoe . Good choice . . I 'm dressing old barnwood timbers for our new house . The sander just floats at the right pressure for the coarse grit sanding belts to work , -LRB- 40-60 grit -RRB- . I 'm NOT using the dust catcher bag however , since I 'm working outdoors , I rigged a 1 '' PVC conduit sweep , -LRB- smooth 90 degree bend -RRB- , with a short piece of rubber hose and hose clamps to blow sanding dust away from the timber , -LRB- and my face -RRB- . I would say if you have a tough sanding job to do , this is the machine that will get it done !
 For more than 30 years , begining in the 50 's my dad owned and operated a custom cabinet shop . I remember the metal cased ancestors of this tool in the shop and he is still working with them today . I bought this a year ago and am very pleased with it ! It is a heavy duty tool , great for sanding glued-up panels or fitting countertops , and yes the complaints about the dust bag have some merit . It will make a bit of a dusty mess . As to the metal shoe warping , you got ta know , this is a belt sander not a floor sander . If you need a floor sander rent one .
 the unit is heavy and the dust collection is weak . but it does have power to spare . the variable speed is a nice addition .
 This sander is clearly a design cross between a WW-I tank and The Little Engine That Could . It is not a DIYer 's everyday sander , I 'd say more along the lines of a wood grinder of sorts . It is big and heavy for a hand tool and I do believe the guy who said he let it pull him from room to room . So , lift it up , turn it on , and hang on as you lower it onto your pet project . Tilt it a little and there goes the neighbor-wood . Being new to belt sanders I needed the low speeds to get a handle on this monster . I first saw mine on a discount table at Home Depot , it having been removed from the display shelf . Having no price on it had me asking a clerk if it might be possible to have it priced for me . `` Maybe . '' was the answer and ten minutes later up comes Big Don . `` What is the price on this ? '' I asked . `` I do n't even know what it is ! '' mumbled Big Don . `` It 's a belt sander . '' I explain . `` I KNOW THAT !! '' Big Don yells , `` I mean I do n't know the PRICE ! '' `` I know THAT . '' I say , trying to stay cool . Big Don goes to look for the display model that I have in my hand and not seeing it he notes the price of the 3 `` x21 '' . `` I can give you 15 % off of the $ 165 price . '' Big Don says . `` What ? With no case or dust bag you ca n't give me 20 % ? , I plead . `` No I ca n't , if you want more off you will have to talk to the Manager '' `` Well , OK , 15 % off is better than talking to someone smarter than you . '' I almost say.That was my reason for choosing this sander , but I am very glad it happened , as I am well pleased with it . It is very easy to use -LRB- though it takes practice to use it right -RRB- and very , very well built . I expect to have it until way after Big Don quits Home Depot and goes to work for McDonalds .
 Got this product because I was tired of winding two spools in one - while watching someone else load their trimmer with one pre-cut length of trimmer cord ; I thought , `` Why not me ? '' So I went shopping ~ or rather , my fingers did ... I did read the directions - but I could not think why the manufacturer would keep the old , upper-half , of the rotating housing . DO N'T QUESTION IT !!! Just do EXACTLY as the instructions tell you to - and you will be pleased ; quick and easy reloads with a slightly heavier head . -LRB- PS - Yes , you can edge with the new head -RRB-
 I actually fit this to a B&D electric trimmer -LRB- GH600 -RRB- , although it was n't easy . It 's not supposed to be easy tho , as Grass Gator does not claim this will fit electric models . The product works well and the bump feed seems to work fine too . I have not yet had to reload it but I love the idea of putting one piece of line in the head unit , center it up , and wind it in . Incidentally , the product came with no instructions on how to reload , but I found it at Grass Gator 's website . Now my electric trimmer is burning up because this head is too much for it to spin , but that 's not Grass Gator 's fault . I would definitely put this on a gas trimmer to repair it .
 I put it on a Ryobi , the instructions were not veryclear but eventually when I discovered thatI had to remove some bolts etc. it worked well
 The medium stockman model is intended for use as a pocketknife but has the quality and look of a fine collectable . This model gives you a good blade length while not pulling you pocket out of shape . It has an excellent hand feel and is a joy to hold . The three blades are very sharp . Stainless steel will require less care to keep rust away but still hold a good edge . The Worn Old Red Series recreates the look and feel of yesteryear . This is a traditional handle look that seems to `` age '' even a new knife . A Case knife is a possession to be treasured and will be with you for years . This is an investment in a quality knife that will be a life-long friend.In a world of cheaply made knives from overseas , Case is a beacon of quality . For over one hundred years , this company produced quality knives . This knife will sharpened to a fine edge for years and will hold that edge under repeated usage . Case makes both collectable and work knives for a demanding clientele .
 Knife was exactly as I hoped it would be . My boyfriend had just bought himself a new knife before getting this one as a gift . This one has replaced the one he picked out and bought for himself as his new favorite !
 This Case XX was just as I expected . Beautiful !!! It came when expected . All around good purchase .
 Brand reputation and previous case purchases were my primary considerations in purchasing this knife . Will last a long , long time
 Great knife , bought it for a gift but everything came as it should very nice piece from case , I was happy with it .
 This was a Christmas gift and my dad loved it . It was exactly what he wanted . Thanks so much ! Lorrie
 I bought this for my dad 's birthday . I found the knife to be exactly what I was looking for . My dad has long carried a pocket knife , and I know he will get some use out of this one .
 I like Bucket Boss . They make a good product and are innovative in what they produce . You typically can get more for your buck with Bucket Boss . This product is not for the pro , but great for the DIY . Thus , 4 stars .
 Replaced this instead of the whole fan assembly and saved about $ 40 . Good quality . Perfect fit . Easy to swap out with the old one .
 Ordered the fan motor from Amazon USA for delivery to the UK , even with postage and duty it worked out cheaper than anywhere in the UK -LRB- 53 all in vis 89 the UK -RRB- Only took 8 days to arriveOnce the fan shroud what removed it was fairly easy to fit.Fitted and works perfectly now have low speed fan working which is used for the Air con : - -RRB- Great product
 this fan motor was a perfect fit and works great at less than half the price i could find it locally
 If your PT Cruiser almost stalls when the A/C is on while the engine is idling , and the fan does not come on within 10 seconds when you turn on the A/C , then this is your fix . I put this on my wife 's 05 PT Touring Edition , and it works perfect . It was a bit noisy at first , but after running for a few minutes is quieted down . Shipping was fast , and the packaging was professional . A great transaction .
 A good sturdy down rod with very durable paint coat . Fit well with our Minka-Aire fan . Would most likely work with other brands .
 Solid product but if I had a wish list Id ask for some way to get a bit more height out of it . I use it indoor mostly and for that its perfect .
 This scraper is well built/very sturdy . I really like that you can store the additional blades in the handle . The scraper is just the right size for my hand without making it sore after excessive use . The angle of the tip makes it ideal for use in any hand position . Will order more ! Fast super fast shipping . All around great Amazon purchase !
 Used for scraping the registration sticker from the windshield . The hold down screw stick up a litter to far and get in the way .
 I purchased this product with the intent to use it for cleaning the glass of my aquarium . My aquarium had a build-up of algae , and I found that I had to scrub too hard to remove it . In the past , I 'd used a razor blade held with my fingers to clean the glass , but that was dangerous , and uncomfortable . This scraper worked perfectly for me , and quickly cleared the glass of everything . The hollow handle was not water-tight , however , I added an o-ring to the cap , and now it is.I realize I 'm not using it for its intended purpose , but it works , and it seems to be a very well made scraper .
 These are great to have around the house or garage for a variety of uses . I commonly use them to clean up cabling in various situations , from AV gear in the home to wired sensors on a bicycle . In a pinch , they serve as a good fasteners for other more complex fix up jobs as well - I have kept the larger ones in the trunk of the car for unanticipated emergencies , and found that I used them three or four times out of convenience.This ties in this set are only 4 '' in length , so just keep that in mind that it 's for small jobs .
 I needed a quantity of cable ties to affix some speaker cable to a coaxial cable along a baseboard . I wanted something discreet , flexible , cheap , and reliable . These cable ties fit the bill . There 's nothing fancy about them -- is there such a thing as a fancy cable tie ? -- but they work perfectly . I have n't found any duds in the bag . I like the fact that they come in a zip lock bag . I can throw the bag in my tool box , and these cable ties will stay organized and accessible for years to come . You never know when you 're going to need a cable tie . -LRB- Suggestion
 Great buy for the money , you get a ton of these cable ties . great for loose cords , storage containers and household organizing
 These are great but not the highest quality . If you 're concerned with getting sturdy ties consider spending a bit more money .
 I was expecting something a little heavier duty , but they work great . Good price . I will buy again .
 Great item to replace the original Honda part with , at a fraction of the cost of the dealership price . Fits and works like the original .
 There isnt much to say . It 's a piece of pipe to lower your fan away from the ceiling.I have a 17 foot vaulted ceilings that comes too close to the fan blades if left as they were . The fan needed to be lowereda few inches more than the downrod provided with the Hunter fan . This did the trick for me.It matched the bronze fan perfectly and was easy to install . These come in different lengths.Just measure carefully , and purchase the best one for you , so your fan is n't too low or high .
 I ordered these downrods to match two ceiling fans we relocated in the house . They are Harbor Breeze brand and we could not find ANY downrods for that brand to match the finish . After much time looking online and at Home Depot and Lowes , I settled on these . Finding structural compatibility is no problem ; the finish is the problem . These two are very close . I would have given a 5-star , but the picture online was lighter than in reality , so the downrods are a little dark , but at least with the correct finish .
 the best saw I 've ever used . Was originally recommended to me by professional gardener . Have used for over a year to trim trees and bushes
 Cuts my terminating time literally in half ! Highly recommend this punchdown accessory blade . Now why do I have to keep typing more words ?
 I didnt think it would work that well by looking at the pic , but it works suprisingly well ! Fits all the jacks and pannels i have used so far , icc , lutron , amp , ect . My boss made me buy him one , lol . Great idea , works perfect !
 The double 110 is a nice thing to have when punching multiple pairs down , it makes it so much faster
 Slides were an excellent buy . They were strong and easily installed on a clothing drawer in our travel trailer .
 The order was shipped quickly and was well packaged . One of the slides was missing the rubber stop which was not a big deal to me . The slides have smooth travel and will work great for me .
 I ordered what I wanted , I received what I wanted . They were easy to install . They are serving me well in the application I intalled them in .
 I am a woman who builds alot of stuff and works in the woods alot . I hate handling a big ol' chainsaw and this bad boy helps to cut down branches and trees up to 5in diameter for me when working on an outdoor project with no electricity available !! WOW !
 DeWalt has another cordless winner here . Plenty of power . I have a corded Mikita saw that I have used for years and its great for the big , intensive use jobs . I wanted something for the smaller jobs that was cordless and not have to drag around an extension cord ... quick out ; quick to put away . I have a mix of corded power tool brands but settled on DeWalt for my cordless needs . I have half-dozen 18v XRP 's and a couple of chargers through past purchases.If you are in a similar situation with extra batteries and chargers ... Maxtools.com sells the ` BARE TOOL ' at a good price -LRB- no batteries/charger are included -RRB- . Amazon should stock the bare tools . The saw was $ 99 and comes with a 6 '' combo blade so that you can test the saw.Be warned , my saw took almost 3 weeks to arrive , but , hey , the price is right for a DeWalt and the saw arrived without damage . However there was no owners manual which I thought was an odd oversight . But a few minutes fiddling with the front end and the blade change was figured out ... lift the tab on the front right side of the saw all the way up and remove/install a blade . The button at the left front allows the ` shoe ' at the front of the saw to extend/retract and lock in several positions . -LRB- If you are wondering about the moveable ` shoe ' , it allows for some depth-of-cut control vis-a-vis the length of your saw blade when needed for certain applications . -RRB- As for the rest , I do n't need a manual to show me how to pull a trigger or change a battery . I am a huge fan of the 4-way blade clamp set up . There is a vertical and horizontal blade clamp incorporated into one head . Blade change is a snap and you can set the blade teeth to point up , down , right or left . The versatility of this feature is great ! Gone are the days of contortions to cut sideways .
 This tool is quite powerful and last a long time on a single battery . This was part of the DC6KITA . I have tested each tool and have reviewed some . This one is not exception . On a fresh battery and with the supplied blade I continually cut 2x4 's until my hand was sore from holding on . The power is nice . It did not seem too bog when pushed hard through the wood . Battery life suprised me by never giving up . On a full demo job where cutting throught various materials is necessary it might show it 's weakness in longevity.Having purchased a 1/2 rebar to test the DC410 cut-off tool , I proceeded to test the DC385 with a 18tpi metal blade . It worked quite well . The power was still there . No bogging . Of course pressure was needed to help the teeth bite , but that is to be expected.Also the adjustable shoe is a new feature . It does not have much range of motion but at least it is there.For most all home projects this is going to be a wonderful tool . In owning many XRP batteries and having several chargers , I do n't forsee buying a corded saw . This would be a solid 5 star tool , but there is only one thing that slightly bothers me . The blade is not centered in the shoe becuase of the 4 way blade clamp . Now I gave it the 5 because I would rather have the 4 way clamp than have it centered .
 I had bought a Sears 19.2 V cordless reciprocating saw which came with 2 batteries . However , the batteries would not hold a charge -LRB- both of them -RRB- and the brief time it work the saw seem to bog down . Believe I paid about $ 110 for the Sears . After the returned the Sears unit I purchase the Dewalt and could n't be happier . Used it to cut wood and metal with excellent results . It 's heavier than the Sears model but the Dewalt really works well and the battery has staying power . I paid $ 179 for the Dewalt with free Amazon shipping . As always its best to spend a little more money and get a quality unit .
 Put this saw to work as soon as I got it , There aer several trees on our property and they need pruning several times a year . I have been using a small gas chain saw . The DeWalt is lighter and just as fast on limbs up to 6 in . dim . Greatfor use on a ladder .
 Worked as advertised and is a great tree trimming tool . Only wish the battery lasted longer , but it sure beats not having to deal with a cord . I ca n't believe I did n't have one of these years ago ...
 I have n't had this saw for very long , but it 's already been very useful . It 's powerful enough to cut through thick limbs , and versatile enough to use on small things . My only disappointment was that it did n't come with any saw blades , so I had to go to Home Depot to buy some . But once I had those in hand , I used the saw , and I had no trouble doing everything I wanted without the need for another battery charge .
 Most used power tool I own . Great for landscaping projects . Cordless provides greater flexibility but you really need a spare battery which is not not cheap , but well worth the investment and can be used with other cordless DeWALT power tools . This saw is well made and takes a beating .
 After I received it , fully charged the battery , put to use right away . It works very well , the weight of the saw works to your advantage and makes it more stable . One charge is good enough for my whole small-medium job .
 This tool was purchased as part of a combo pack and has been used both indoors and outdoors to cut wood , metal and pvc piping . It has performed wonderfully . It is light enough to handle yet sturdy enough that with the right saw blade it is able to cut through virtually anything . It is a major bonus to not have to worry about cutting through a plug . Overall , a wonderful saw . I would highly recommend this to anyone .
 The saw price thru Amazon in KIT was a great price -LSB- saved shipping -RSB- even over Ebay . Ran the saw thru about 6 discharges then a 24hr balance charge.Very well built unit . If you do a lot of cutting a xtra battery is necessary . Plenty of power to the ovious discharge . GREAT blade cuppler . Worthwhile tool to own .
 I bought this to work on a remodel on a house for a friend . The 90 degree rotating head came in handy several times and I was glad to have the feature . I run all of my tools off DeWalt 's 18v batteries and I was lucky that I had four of them when I went to the job site . This tool eats the batteries ! I use to install garage doors and could install two full-size doors on one battery using my hammer drill , but this tool kills a battery in 10-30 minutes of use . With three batteries charging and one in the tool , I was able to keep a rotation and get jobs done with no waiting around , but it was close.The head unit would get hot , not unreasonable and with gloves I did n't even notice.If you plan to buy , just have extra batteries around or lose the portability and get a corded one . It works great , but do n't expect miracles .
 A saw like this always comes in handy during framing , and this saw performs really well . The quick change blade feature is really nice too .
 This tool is quite powerful and last a long time on a single battery . This was part of the DC6KITA . I have tested each tool and have reviewed some . This one is no exception . On a fresh battery and with the supplied blade I continual cut 2x4 's until my hand was sore from holding on . The power is nice . It did not seem too bog when pushed hard through the wood . Battery life suprised me by never giving up . On a full demo job where cutting throught various materials is necessary it might show it 's weakness in longevity.Having purchased a 1/2 rebar to test the DC410 cut-off tool , I proceed to test the DC385 with a 18tpi metal blade . It worked quite well . The power was still there . No bogging . Of course pressure was needed to help the teeth bite , but that is to be expected.Also the adjustable shoe is a new feature . It does not have much range of motion but at least it is there.For most all home projects this is going to be a wonderful tool . In owning many XRP batteries and having several chargers , I do n't forsee buy a corded saw . I have given this 5 stars , but there is only one thing that slightly bothers me . The blade is not centered in the shoe becuase of the 4 way blade clamp . Now I gave it the 5 because I would rather have the 4 way clamp than have it centered .
 Wow !!! I wish I 'd had a reciprocating saw years ago , but to be battery powered on top of the many features is an extra plus . The battery holds up . I wish I could afford two batteries , but the one that come with it holds it power for quite a while . DeWalt has done it again.P.S . I 'm not the best speller so plese excuse any misspelled words .
 The person I gave this gift to is very happy with it , and says it is an excellent product ; he loves it.The product was a Christmas gift to be given on 12/10/06 . I was notified of shipment by Amazon on 11/20 . It did not arrive in a timely fashion . Tracking provided `` shipped by DHL '' . I did not know what those initials stood for and it took me 2 days to track them down . There is no way to ask Amazon that I could figure.Info showed product had been attempted to be delivered . Not so
 I did a lot of research of this type of saw and I think this is the best . I plan to use it for a variety of purposes , but most of all pruning trees . I will start this project in 2 weeks .
 I 've gotten a lot of good use from this . My only complaint is that when the battery starts to die , it cuts pretty poorly . But as long as you keep the battery charged up , it is great . I got my money 's worth and more .
 The saw is very powerful and will cut thorugh a lot.Of course the battery drain is according to its power - it will drain fast if you load it a lot , but that 's rather a good sign.I bought it during a sale when they gave me a free extra battery . When using it intensively I would have 4 batteries , 2 charging a 2 with me.It is rather light , not too noisy and the vibrations are ok.Make sure you get the `` type 2 '' , not the `` type 1 ''
 I have a 110v 13amp Milwaukee Sawzall but this is the saw I grab first . It performs just as well and I do n't need a cord . If I think the cut is going to take longer than 4 minutes of heavy cutting -LRB- 2 batteries -RRB- then I grab the Milwaukee . I 've had mine for 4 year with no problem . The downfall is the blade clamp uses the old sys of an allen key and it comes loose . Milwaukee clamp is much better .
 Growing up working for my father -LRB- contractor -RRB- I spent quite a bit of time using corded reciprocating saws . I would have never guessed a battery operated unit could hold a candle to its corded brothers . But you will be pleasantly surprised when you let this unit rip . I have pulled through all kinds of material and this bad boy has n't slowed down once . But you will know when the battery has reached capacity ... the saw immediately dies . I see this as a good thing , since I need full power for most work , degraded power would be useless . Just slap another battery in and do n't worry about tangling your cord .
 Purchased the cordless reciprocating saw Kit . It arrived in great time . Opened the kit only to find that the Kit did not include a blade ??? Wish they had included at least one blade .
 Purchased for my son who is a travelling engineer.Saw is perfect . Highly recommended .
 Its awesome , still works no problems . Its tough and the battery lasts a long time.Its Dewalt , so you could drop it from a ladder and it will still work . Just make sure your over grass when you do drop it .
 i have used one of these tools for about five years . i have had the same tool , but many batteries . i use it and lend it all the time . we often use it to cut pipelines that still have a lot of water in them , so this thing gets wet and muddy all of the time . so far i could n't be happier with my dewalt cordless saw . i must have for a pipeliner .
 I got this for my husband 's birthday . He loves it . He can use it everywhere without having a cord get tangled . He used it to trim the old trees around the property and also to tear down a wall in his workshop . The battery last for a couple of hours .
 As a retired individual I now have time to use all of my Dewalt tools . This product is amazing and I would recommend this to all of my friends . However , I am a little concerned about the battery use time . I have ordered two new batteries so that I can have use of the reciprocating saw . I love this saw and have so many ways to use it . I have always been happy with Dewalt tools and plan to buy a bench saw next . I do plan to call tech support and get a better idea on battery use .
 I bought this for my son at Christmas and he not only used it immediately but also training & schooled his 9 years old son to use it . Ca n't say enough good about this tool and the DEWALT products . Last forever !!!
 This has been one of the most useful tools I have ever bought . It works great for brushing out trees for fencework . Its great to take horseback in a packsaddle and with the 2 or 3 more batteries , you can get quite a bit of work done . The directions are easy to follow and the saw itself is not hard to figure out.I like the Makita blades and seem to last a long time cutting mesquite provided one does not hit the ground or any rocks .
 I have all of the main Dewalt battery tools you would want and this is the one with the most uses for me . I 've been using it about 17 months now and it works great . It cuts wood with ease in hard to reach places or if you just want to say , Get Out Of My Way . It has long or short blades for different situations . Metal cutting blades to get rid of that pesky nail in your way or cut a pipe in half . You can use it like a saber saw in a pinch . I use mine the most though to trim trees . It 's just the cats meow . Much safer and cheaper to run than a chain saw . Much less effort than a hand saw and will cut up to about a 5 inch branch with the long blade inserted . Love it !!!
 Have n't used it that much but when I have I am very happy with it . Has enough power and hot having to plug it in is a real treat .
 I 've had the Dewalt DC385 reciprosaw for several years now and it 's still working great . I 've had no problems with it to speak of other than replacing the spent 18V XRP batteries , but then they do n't last forever anyway . On the working end of it , I like the design of the 4-way quick release blade clamp and the pivoting adjustable shoe . They have both held up to the use and abuse . Taking into account that it 's a cordless , I really ca n't think of anything that this saw has n't been able to do that I 've asked of it . I use it primarily to cut and notch 2X and plywood , PVC pipe and conduit , EMT and have even pruned a few tree branches with it . I have a 13 Amp corded reciprosaw for real heavy cutting , but this cordless is the one I grab most often.This saw is bigger overall , meaning wider and slightly heavier than the older Dewalt DW938 18V reciprosaw , which I also still have . Even though I feel that the DC385 is a better all-around saw , I would never let the old DW938 go , because with it being lighter and smaller , I prefer it for overhead work or when cutting while up on ladder.I think the DC385 was money well spent and I do n't think I would want to be on a job without having it available .
 I love this recip saw . I rated a 4 star because I have only used it once so far , but I have used Dewalt in the past and if this particular one performs as well and as long then 5 stars no doubt .
 It has the full power of a corded recip saw . Easy to change blades and adjust depth.Freedom for pruning etc. .
 This tool crosses the best of a vise-grip with pliers . You get a solid grip on nuts/bolts/whatever with just a firm squeeze . The spring-action release speeds up loosening and tightening .
 The larger 9 '' is a little hard to find right now . Ace had it , there was a problem with the Mail -LRB- not Ace Hdwe . -RRB- . More importantly , they fixed it by sending out another unit right away . Problems happen , it is how they are taken care of that matters . They were very good over the phone and located another one ; sending it out right away by UPS.I have ordered many items from Ace -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- . All of these have gone without a hitch , and they corrected this one even though it was a problem with the Mail .
 Quite simply one of the greatest tools ever made ! Robogrips are so useful and versatile , mine are practically an extension of my right arm when I 'm in the workshop . They 'll do just about anything you need of them
 This was a gift . However it went over very well as it was requested ! It had been requested as a gift !
 I give it same rating as the smaller size . Great tight grip on almost anything , with very smooth operation . I purchased two sizes . Wish I had a third &#34; big &#34; one .
 These are excellent pliers for all around use . When locked on they nearly have the strength of vice grips . As usual found the best price here on Amazon.Very satisfied
 I had a pair of these that I used for the past 3 years on the job and they work 10 times better than a standard set of pliers . If your job requires the use of pliers the robo grips are a must have , they take the strength of one hand and multiply it by two . The brand I had was made by Huskey -LRB- a friend left them on a job -RRB- and this brand works exactly the same . I recomend having the 7 '' and 9 '' robo grips in your tool bag .
 Very innovative pliers that stand apart from all the rest . A must have item . They need no adjustment , they just grip on anything you apply them too .
 I purchased the 7 '' robogrip first due to reviews and after receiving it and using it a little bit I decided the 9 '' would be well worth the money . Between both tools they 'll cover most items I 'd need to use them for . They work smoothly and appear well built . They are comfortable to use . If there are any problems with them in the future I 'll update this review , though I do n't think I 'll have any issues with them .
 I was introduced to these at my workplace and they are so good I purchased some for home use .
 I do construction safety for a living , and like to try out different types of safety gear for comfort and function . Most inexpensive safety glasses scratch easily , and quickly become so fogged that folks stop wearing them , defeating the purpose . These glasses I 've already dropped onto hard , abrasive surfaces many times , with very little damage . The plastic frame is comfortable , and the lenses give good vision even on bright , glaring sunny days -LRB- and , surprisingly , indoors -RRB- . I actually like them better than some of the more expensive safety glasses around.For the price , well worth it , even with the inevitable jokes that you look like a bug eyed monster -LRB- construction site humor -RRB- .
 FANTASTIC !! I have to wear safety glasses nearly everyday and these are so comfortable I wear them even when I 'm not working . They fit great , like regular sunglasses . I recommended these to all my female friends in geotech world and they are all wearing them now ! I have them in every color !
 These glasses work as well as they look . The straight back design grips your head without noticeable pressure and have little or no slippage even when covered with sweat . The compact nose pads keeps them close to the eyes reducing the chance of debris getting in from above or below . The lenses do scratch over time , but it took a solid impact to scratch mine . After I scratched up the 1st pair I was impressed enough with the quality , good looks and awesome price to buy another pair .
 i purchased the Gerber Torch a few weeks ago from Amazon and have been very satisfied with it so far . I used to carry the Kabar mule folder as a primary work knife but found it to be too big for most applications so I looked towards a Gerber for a small easier to use/carry knife . The torch fit both my budget and my needs . For under $ 30 it ca n't be beat . The half serrated , half straight tanto blade make it an excellent utility knife for cutting rope , stripping wires , opening boxes , etc. . It is very light and the finger flip makes it a quick one hand open . I also use a Gerber MP600 multiplier and can say that Gerber makes a reliable knife . I am sure this one will stay in use for a long time .
 I really like this knife . Yes , it 's small , but I like it that way -- it 's legal to carry in a certain city near me , and it 's easy to use . It 's a good size and weight for your EDC -- light enough to not be a pain , but hefty enough in your hand that you know you 're carrying a real tool . The serrations are nice ; I could saw something if I needed to , but they 're gentle enough to peel an apple.The hinge and the lock arrived stiff , but most knives are like that -- it get smoother every time I open or close it . When it arrived , the blade was sharp enough to shave hair off my arm , and it seems very solidly built.The thumb stud is a little closer to the hinge than I 'm used to , but it 's not a big deal . I really like having the finger flip , too.One caveat I would offer is that when you 're opening it , it makes a little `` snick '' noise just before it really locks into place , so if you 're not paying attention -LRB- say , if you 're opening it while writing a review on Amazon -RRB- , you might not open it all the way , especially if you 're holding it farther from the hinge . But it does n't take long to get used to , and once it does open in makes a big `` CLICK '' noise , so you do know it 's open.Overall I think this is a great knife . I really ca n't think of anything to complain about , and I 'd definitely buy from Gerber again . : D
 Since I am outdoor often , you never know when you need a pocket knife like this . The serrated edge gives me the cut I need when I am doing various yard work or on carpentry projects . I am usually the one that is being asked if I have my pocket knife with me with a house project is going on at my son-in-law 's house . His birthday is coming up and this will be an item I purchase for him . You can rely on Gerber products .
 I 'm not really a very big pocket knife guy , but I had an older Gerber tanto blade that I carried around with me everywhere . It was nicked and scuffed and generally worn , which I think just adds character to a blade . But the time had finally come to pass the torch to a new knife , so I looked at what Gerber had to offer again . This time I purchased the Gerber 22 Torch I . The product was delivered in a reasonable amount of time . The first thing I noticed was that it was a bit smaller than I had really been expecting . No problem really , all I need is a small knife really , it was just fatter and shorter than my old blade . Looking back now , as the months have passed , I 'm pretty happy with my new pocket knife . The blade is still black and there is very little wear on the handle or blade of the knife . It opens quick and all the screws have stayed tight and where they belong . Might not be sharp enough to shave with , but it is good enough to serve my purposes . When my pants go on in the morning my knife goes in my pocket and when I go to sleep at night its close at hand on my night stand and all the while I never had to feel like an idiot for paying a painful amount of money on a different high end knife . Good price , good knife . Thanks Gerber .
 this knife is great for all around use , not fast to open but is solid in structure and quality . it should last me a long time .
 I received this knife as a groomsman gift . I used it every day for years until I lost it . I was happy to see that they had the same exact knife for only 22 bucks . Very solid knife , nice flip action and blade . This is the perfect utility knife , not too big , not too small .
 Sharp little knife right out of the packaging . Cuts through 550 cord and cardboard like nothing . Worth every bit of the money . Could be a little bigger but overall It 's a great knife .
 Great knife . Great tool to have . Cuts through about anything . Is easily accessible . I use it everyday and would n't leave home without it
 Two years ago I purchased my first Gerber which is the larger version of this knife
 Very handy , good size and easy to lock and unlock . My husband delivers packages and sometimes must open them ... this was a good one for him !
 This knife is very handy ! It comes very sharp right out of the package and fits nicely in your pants pocket . It has an intimidating edge and look to it . I carry it everyday and know it can do any job I need it to . It is smaller than most knives , but for the price , it does the same job . I highly reccommend .
 The knife is very low profile , small , light weight , and durable at first glance . The handle has a decent grip and the finger flipper is a revolutionary design.Out of the box , the knife is very dull . The liner lock is very strong , making it difficult to close with one hand . Because of its small design , closing the blade with such a strong liner lock was difficult . Lubricating the lock did alleviate the situation some what , but the lock was too strong to safely close with one hand .
 This was a present for my son and he was extremely happy with it . And that means I am happy with it . It was well made and had safety in mind while in the process .
 I bought this knife to carry on my key chain . The blade holds a good edge , it is very sturdy and well made . Great knife for the price .
 This gift for my grandson is a simple old fashioned wooden single bulb lamp . The colors are bold and the quality is good . Mine came with the shade damaged , but the seller could not provide a replacement only a refund . Too bad!Amazon did send an email stating they would provide a refund on the item .
 the lamp looks very authentic its a must have for a padres room . my two year old son loves it . he loves baseball and asked for a padres room .
 I purchased this little lamp for my grandson who plays for a team called the Yankees and it was a delightful addition to his room . It matches his wallpaper , bedspread , etc all Yankees stuff . It 's sturdy enough for it 's purpose which is a decorative piece that happens to give light .
 I noticed a recall notice for AmerTac LED nights which effected night lights sold between March 2009 and January 2011 . I went to check my AmerTac lights that looks exactly as the one pictured here . I 've had them for over 3 years without any problems . The one in the bathroom is always on , unless I have the light on and it was only barely warm when I touched it.The back of the light has a UL sticker and the model number is 71352 , 120V 60HZm 0.3 W.I like them because they provide just enough light not to be in complete darkness , yet not too bright so if I have to get up in the middle of the night they do n't wake me up to the point it is hard to go back to sleep .
 I love that it goes on when you turn the light off and lights up bathroom in case you have to get up in the middle of the night .
 I bought four of the plug-in lights in 2007 and used them all at the same time . One bulb just went out so I am buying more today . I 'm sure the recall handled what needed to be fixed .
 7/26/11 . I just located the info on AmerTac night lite # 71352 while searching the net to buy some more . I have had one for over a year with great success . I do n't recall where I got it from but it was either amazon.com or e-bay . I do n't know if it was discontinued or not but the one I have works great and emits just enough lite to let you see your way to/in the bathroom at night so you do n't fully `` wake up '' . I want -LRB- ed ? -RRB- to purchase more - but not if there are problems like those reported . I rate the one I have 5 stars + .
 zawsw guj ki frserfhyuj iko gtf d essed rft hu juh tf ecds eds rftg hyu fvr de t gf uj yrf
 All I can say is do n't buy anything else . You get what you pay for . I learned from experience . Dewalt makes great tools
 I have not had any promblems with this . THIS THING IS AWESOME . Took out the most annoying bolts that i just couldnt get even with a breaker bar . As i read in the other reviews about the trigger , yes its not the greatest but man does this thing work like a charm .
 This item was a gift and has been used multiple times . I especially like that all items can be stored in the protective case . My husband is very pleased with this tool and several of the individuals that he works with have used it also . Everyone seems to like the way it works .
 NICE CASE AND KIT CAME WITH TWO BATTERIES ...
 I have used this impact a few times . It is very handy for me to do a quick tire removal not having to run an airline for my other impact .
 Great tool ! For an 18 volt impact it is the answer . It has plenty of power and comes with 2 batteries so work time is excellent . I have the drill also!Thanks , CT
 I did n't get this from amazon . I paid more for the whole kit that came with 2 battery 's and the charger and case for $ 350 at Big R in winnemucca Nevada . It was worth every cent . I had to change brake pad , discs and shocks on my wife 's 99 Expedition . It was hot as hell out side this summer and this dewalt impact made it painless for zipping the lugs off and back on with the same battery . I thought about going the cheap route with a craftsman or harbor freight impact but I knew it would n't last and put out like this thing . Another great dewalt product !!!!
 This is a great tool to have however it is a bit heavy a little to get the sockets off the shaft i have to use a small punch to release the ball and remove the socket over all good tool
 Great tool for most light work , will take most all car lug nuts off !
 This tool has done everything I 've asked it to do.I have yet to find a nut or bolt it wo n't remove on my cars , even those tightened by the gorillas at the tire dealer who never heard of torquing a lug bolt.Have since bought the complete set of DeWalt 18V tools
 This thing does everything I need it to - I was worried about using a cordless impact wrench , but this thing works great . Removes wheel bolts without difficulty . The only downside is the lack of variable speed - it 's all or nothing .
 The Dewalt DW059K-2 18-Volt 1/2 inch Cordless Impact Wrench Kit has been everythng I wanted in an Impact and more . I use it to rotate my tires and change and occational flat mainly . It has broken loose and taken of the rustiest of bolts . I use those jacks that come with your vehicle , the ones with the long bolt . I use my impact to raise my truck and then use the impact to change the tire . When I go on long trips I make sure to take my impact with me , any flat will be changed in less than five minutes . I have even pulled over twice to help out people with flats . Once the impact was n't able to raise the car , no problem , changed the battery and up it went . I recomend this impact to anyone who likes to have novelty tools , so far I know of nobody else having one .
 This is the exact tool I was looking for . I was using a air-powered impact wrench it was costing me time and money on the job . There never was enough pressure in the tank to drive a lag bolt . This tool is excellent . It has a quick charging time and has the power I need .
 Provides adequate and portable power with the convenience of no cords . These work well in hard to get spaces . A fine compliment to a diversified line of cordless tools .
 * The quality of products I have received from Amazon has been excellent . * Delivery time
 This is worth the money , works good . It would be better if there were settings like on their drills . I would buy another .
 Works very well for what I use it for . The forward and reverse is tricky but handy when you get used to it .
 I have had this for just around a year . I love it . My dad loves it so much I bought him one .
 I was on the fence about buying this or continuing to take my track wheels off by hand . What a great tool . Reduced the time it took to swap out wheels and worked great . Hit the button and it quickly broke the lugs loose and if you let go of the button it free spins the lugs right off . Plenty of power and not too big to handle , but it is a big wrench . The carry case is nice - tossed it in the trunk and it came along to the track . Wish I had bought it sooner.Save time and some strain on your back . Highly recommend .
 Very please with the tool . It will take loose a 3/4 inch bolt torqued down to 300 ft/lb . Takes a minute but it breaks it loose . I love this tool , makes pulling axle shafts very easy because there 's no having to drag around a damn air hose around the shop . Great for changing out shocks , leaf springs , air tank mounts , etc. . Its a little heavy and kinda big so it does n't fit into every little place but its definitely a great tool .
 Works better then I thought . I have a Dually Truck and it easily removes the lug-nuts . Only thing to keep in mind is it is a little bigger than an air-ratchet .
 Handy tool for taking off lug nuts . Half a second and the lug is off . There is no speed or torque control so its either full on or full off . I 'm sure it will snap a stud in a second . Batteries hold charge for a good while . Kit comes with box that holds wrench with battery , spare battery , and charger . It is a good purchase and start to a Dewalt cordless tool kit .
 I bought this impact wrench largely for automotive work . First off , the wrench is powerful , solid , and seemingly well built . The only nut it would not remove was one of my axle nuts -LRB- spec 'd at 134 foot pounds -RRB- that had n't been touched for a few years ... The batteries -LRB- another reason I bought this tool was that it had two batteries and a charger -RRB- also last quite a while . I 've taken 3 sets of wheels off on a single charge and it still has plenty of juice.The one downside to this tool is the size . If you plan to do a lot of automotive work , this tool can be limited . It 's about the size of a full-size cordless drill if not bigger . This can make it incredibly awkward to fit in tight spaces in an engine bay . I 'd almost recommend having this as well as a smaller 1/4 '' drive impact for tighter spaces.Overall , I 'm still pleased with it . Just being able to use it to take off my wheels is a huge plus . Also getting two 18v XRP batteries and a charger makes this kit worth it since I can now buy other DeWalt bare tools .
 I have arthritis in my hands , shoulders , etc. which was making my hobby of tinkering with old machinery and tractors a problem , so I added this along with a smaller one to my tool kit . I have a set of air powered wrenches , but am not always with in reach of an air hose , plus with these I do not have to drag a hose around . I have only used this wrench a little , but so far I have been pretty happy with it . I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 for 2 reasons . First is it needs a variable speed control like the smaller DC820B rather than the rocker switch so you can control the amount of force applied , and the second reason is the pin used to hold a socket on the mandrel . I either turned the socket so the pin would not drop into the locking hole , or used a flat head roofing nail with the end cut off square for a while to release the socket , but finally I used my Dremel to round off the end of the pin a little , and then put a drop of machine oil on it which made a big difference . It still holds a socket tight enough to keep ti from flying off , but you cna remove it by gripping the socket and wiggling it a little while pulling . That helps a lot if you have to change sockets very often .
 So far so good . Rotated the tires on my truck with one battery and still had plenty of power left .
 This thing works fantastic !! Used it to change a couple of tires out and man it took the work out of the job !
 Hi there.I 've used my new Dewalt DW059K-2 a few times on my scooter and on my car and it 's great , more than i was expecting for !
 I should have bought one of these a long time ago . The only complaint is the trigger -LRB- forward is down and reverse is up -RRB- . It has plenty of power and lasts a while on a single charge
 This is the third cordless impact I own , and is definitely the strongest ! I also have the smaller DeWalt DW055K-2 and a Milwaukee 9079-22 . Two things lacking on the DW059K-2 that the others have is variable speed and electric brake . I do n't mind the lack of variable speed , but I really miss the electric brake . I mainly use the impact for automotive lug nuts . The lack of electric brake sometimes causes nuts to go flying when they reach the end of the stud . However , I can take this wrench to the track and get a whole weekend 's use out of it without the battery becoming weak . I can not say the same for the Milwaukee . The DeWalt also seems a bit better balanced than the Milwaukee . -LRB- The smaller DW055K-2 wo n't loosen my torqued lug nuts , but that is not what I bought it for . It 's size makes it very convenient for MANY smaller tasks and has surprising power for its size -RRB-
 This is an excellent tool . It 's high quality and has a lot of power . It can take of lug nuts without any effort . It actually broke a bolt on me when I was tightening a nut.I gave it 4 stars because it does n't have any power adjustment the way that an air powered impact wrench has . It 's an all or nothing scenario.I am also not found of the trigger because you squeeze the top of it to remove a bolt and the bottom of the trigger to tighten . It 's too heavy of a tool to share both of these functions on the same trigger . Make it like a drill where there is a forward and reverse switch . It 's also very loud with the hammer action . Other than these issues , it 's a great impact wrench and I highly recommend it . Especially if you already use 18 volt Dewalt tools and could use a couple of extra batteries .
 This impact wrench is larger than most others , and a bit heavier , but with more torque than you 'd ever need it 's an easy trade . Even for Dewalt , who make great tools , this wrench is above average for quality . It just feels like it means business . I 've yet to find something it ca n't loosen or tighten -LRB- and I 've been looking - at home and around my mother 's ranch for rusty bolts just to see if it can do the job - it can -RRB- .
 If you are looking for a cordless impact that will do the job this is definitley the one to buy . Plenty of staying power and the battery recharge is quick . If you want to tighten up stove bolts I have a Makita and a Miluwakee I 'll sell you but if you want to have something with enough power to do something buy this one .
 My only gripe on this tool is the trigger . It may work fine for others , but it just does n't seem to be that user friendly for me . I 'm used to a single triger , with a FWD/REV selector switch . It is a bit large , but works perfectly , is powerful , and has a long battery life . I used it on wheel lugs , up to 3/4 in . bolts . I recommend it .
 Used the DW059K cordless impact for rotating tires on a vehicle changing brackets on a farm tractor and screwing lag bolts on a garage door , still have not recharged the battery . Very flexible power tool sure beats starting up the air compresser or plugging in a corded impact wrench . Highly recommend this product and as with all the Dewalt tools that I have purchased the high quality is top notch . This cordless impact will last a long time .
 Before I purchased this Impact Wrench I was skeptical about cordless , electric , impact wrenches , I did not think they could be as good as pneumatic impact wrenches at removeing lug nuts . After reading the reviews and the return policy , I bought this one , got it home and it more than amazed me . It does the job as good as or better than many air-driven impact wrenches . The only downside is unlike other DeWalt cordless tools , there is no electric brake , this is only a minor inconvienience . The case this wrench comes with is perfect for keeping in the car or truck , it even has enough room to leave a deep impact socket on the tool and fit in the case , along with enough room for the charger , both batteries , and storage room for more sockets and other attachments . This tool is great for home , work and road side needs .
 Tool works well on day to day use of lag screws 6-8 `` in length . Whether installing or removeing . Only problemis rocker switch fails to engage gun after about 2 monthsof use requireing repair . But every brand that I haveused in the past that was electric with same switch typealso failed.I will purchase the Dewalt impact cordlessfrom now on because it is cordless and there is no differ-ence in this one and the electric version.Ricky EvansModular/Mobile HomeSet-up
 Tool works as advertized . However , the locking pin is crazy stiff forcing you to pry off your socket . Nothing a file wo n't fix . The battery lasts for four too five cars -LRB- 4wheels off ; 4wheels on using a torque stick -RRB- , by which time the other pack is charged . The only thing it can not handle are Domestic lugs on full size trucks , most of which are overtightened to 150-200 ft lbs . One of those trucks and the battery is zapped . Airwrench time . Very glad I bought it ; have had it for two months , hopefully it will last a few years . We 'll see .
 If you need power and durability in an impact driver I would highly recommend this one . I have had this for almost one year now and it is still putting out torque as it did when I first got it .
 I was a little wary of the cordless impact tools that are out , I just did n't think they 'd have the power I expect out of an impact wrench , or the battery life , or just be worth the cost . I got this to help working on restoring a 67 mustang with a lot of rusted , frozen bolts . This tool has come in handy on many occasions and it really does pack serious strength.My only con so far with this would be its weight . To house all that strength it 's a fairly beefy tool . If I were holding this all day long it would start to wear on me . Since I only use it for select operations I do n't have much of a problem with it .
 I track two cars and repeatedly need to remove lug nuts . This thing twists them right off with great enthusiasm . I love it . My track buddy has one too and it makes pad changes and wheel rotations a cinch . Double battery is a bonus too , always keeps one ready to go .
 This is awesome product ! This make changing a flat tire almost like nascar it 's so good . My husband tells everyone about it .
 My husband finds it completely useful in changing tires and everything . It makes the job fast and you do n't need a compressor .
 It is a well balanced tool , great for working on cars . It 's very portable and handy to taking out to the junk yard for pulling parts or for roadside repairs . The battery has a good long run time and plenty of power . It is worth every penny .
 Works great , powered off my lug nuts like a pro , unlike some of the other cordless impact wrenches I first tried ... Highly recommended !
 descent tool , needs a little more torque and a brake to stop impact wrench from continuously spinning .
 Loved this item so far . Came quickly to my shop and works flawlessly . Has more torque than I thought . Even works to loosen lug nuts and tightens them very snug .
 I love it and it is everything they say . If you wait for the right deal you can get it for $ 187 .
 Bought this impact wrench about 6 mos . ago , to use here to rotate tires and where ever else needed . I have a 1977 3/4 ton . Chevy pickup . The lug nuts are self locking and are a real job to remove , from the wheel . This impact wench handles this situation with ease . This impact wrench will do the job . This web site had this wrench , at a lower price than anyone else .
 I ordered the Dewalt 6 piece 18 volt tool combo but I did n't realize the included impact wrench was a 1/4 '' . I ordered this 1/2 '' to use on my track car . It works extremely well . The battery lasts a very long time and the wrench will pull off my 80lb torqued lug nuts even when the battery is starting to go . It 's expensive but it 's a great tool . Consider when buying that you do get 2 batteries and a charger with it , one of the reasons it 's so expensive .
 This item was purchased for my husband . Every tool he owns is DeWalt . Before purchasing a cordless impact he looked at several brands . After reading up on different cordless impacts he found the DeWalt DW059K-2 to be the best on the market in his opinion . This product seems to have the most ft lbs of torque then any other cordless model , and that is what he was looking for . Thanks DeWalt !
 Our new impact wrench operates with the quality that your expect from a manufacturer like DeWalt . I look forward to many years of dependable service from this tool .
 This is a very strong tool . As with all the DeWalt products I have bought , this wrench is superb . I would highly recommend this to anyone who needs a professional cordless impact wrench .
 I use this cordles tool to pull wheels and cutting blades from my tractor and commercial mowers in the field . The Dewalt 300lb torque impact wrench is as advertised .
 This impact is great . I have a race car team and not having to use air impact wrench is great . We do not do hot pits . The impact wrench has loads of power . The batteries work great . I will get a few more for sure .
 I was resonably happy with my new impact gun . It did n't have quite the power i was hoping for and the batteries do n't hold a charge more than two hours , -LRB- under heavy use -RRB- , but it does the job when the battery is freshly charged . In many cases I found I had to break a nut or bolt loose by hand.I also did n't like the reversing switch as part of the trigger . I would have preferred a separate reversing switch . I also did n't like the lock pin on the end of the shaft which requires a separate tool or pin to press down the lock pin to put on a socket . In all fairness , the lock pin does prevent a socket from flying off so it is a safety advantage.All in all , I would recommend purchasing a tool with more power and longer battery life .
 very powerful for cordless imact , also heavy , used for garage door installations , will easily screw in 5/16x3inch screw , much more powerful than all other cordless impacts -LRB- also have makita 14v , and mastercraft -RRB- equal in power to milwakie
 Had two EXTREMELY stubborn 1 1/8 '' mower blade nuts on my Cub Cadet lawn tractor , that would n't even THINK of budging.A few bumps/bruises/scrapes / and scratches later , I decided to pick up this DeWalt impact wrench.I did n't wan na go the way of a torch and breaker bar . -LRB- although , they 're always good to have near by , too -RRB- So , took my chances with this.I was definitely quite skeptical of the power , from a cordless impact.Well , put the socket on the nut , pressed up on the rocker switch , off came the nut.Took me all of two minutes , for removal of the old blades and installation of the new ones.The wrench does have some weight to it.But , that 's just the quality of the tool.You would n't want some lightweight `` toylike '' impact wrench , would you ?! This baby 's definitely a winner , and a knuckle saver , too ! Now all I got ta do is , search my home for other things to use it on .
 good power but the little spring loaded piece that locks the socket on is a pain , you actually need another tool to remove the socket .
 Great tool at a great price . It has worked flawlessly since I purchased it and saved much time changing tires .
 I researched this item before purchasing . I have used a few times and it works very well . I wish it had more power to remove wheels . The first time I was rotating some tires there were a couple lug nuts that had been over torqued -LRB- I would guess that they were torqued over 500ft/lbs ! -RCB- and I still had to use a breaking bar . The wrench would have worked if they were correctly torqued at 150 ft/ibs .
 THE IMPACT WRENCH WORKS REALLY WELL . SLIGHTLY HEAVY , BUT I GUESS THAT 'S TO BE EXPECTED -LRB- WELL BUILT -RRB- . THE BATTERY LIFE IS SOMEWHAT SHORT , BUT THERE IS ENOUGH JUICE IN ONE BATTERY TO TAKE OFF AND REPLACE FOUR TIRES . THE SECOND BATTERY COMES IN HANDY . I WOULD RFECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT . ALWAYS MAKE SURE THE SECOND BATTERY IS CHARGED . I WOULD HAVE GIVEN FIVE STARS IF THE BATTERY CHARGE LASTED LONGER , BUT IT IS SUFFICIENT . NOT A PROBLEM ! ALSO VERY NICE CASE .
 This is a great tool for working on autos and home project its makes your job much quicker and faster in minutes you can get the job done , I very pleased with this wrench and made a great purchased .
 I 've had used one of these for a trailer manufacture for quick and easy removal of tires in the paint shop . It worked great for removal and install of the tires with ease . I currently use one on a tow truck for quick removal and switching of tires . I am very glad they still do n't run the lithium ion batterys . I have a lithium ion drill that will not work when it hits a certain degree -LRB- I 'm usually working in -20 to 15 degrees -RRB- and it has a nasty power curve which gives you no warning . I have had it where it wo n't take of lugs , but I know that the lugs where torqued way past what they should have been .
 This tool helped us put up gates on our pastures where the cattle are , tightens down bolts on hinges.Great in changing flats in pasture.Battery for this item last longer than any other battery I have used.A great tool , The Dewalt DW059K-2 18-volt Ni-Cad 1/2-inch Cordless Impact Wrench .
 Have n't had a lot of time to use this but it is typical DeWalt quality and comes with two batteries . Reversible trigger is a bit hard to use in small , awkward spaces . A flip switch or button would be better .
 Great price !! Great delivery time !! Have n't gotten to use the impact wrench yet , but have other DeWalt tools , so I know this will be another great addition to our toolbox !!! Thanks to this dealer who answered our questions promptly before our purchase . Thanks again to this dealer whom we will purchase from again when we need something in his store .
 I spend a lot of time at the track with my car and I end up doing a lot of wheel changes . I 've owned a number of different tools for the job and borrowed a lot of others ... which is how I came across this one and decided to buy it . I 've been happy with it ever since . It delivers enough power - quickly - to break loose lug nuts that are on tight or are stuck in place by months of road grime . When tightening , it seats the wheel nicely against the hub . Overall , it makes the job of changing wheels much easier and much faster.In addition to being useful and delivering power , it 's been very durable -LRB- been knocked around more than its fair share -RRB- and shows reasonable battery life.A good tool at a good price . Recommended .
 I carry this in my emergency truck gear whenever I go away . In the past I have spent hours laboriously removing and replacing the eight nuts on my F250 with the factory tools . With this I was able to spin them off in seconds . Recently I had a flat on US101 , I was moving again in under half an hour thanks to this tough tool . It 's not just the torque , it 's the speed too , it was able to break loose and remove nuts that I could barely move by my 6 ' 3 '' 270 pound self . Highly recommended for those brute force tasks like truck lug nuts and lag bolts.Battery life is surprisingly good , after doing a task that wore me out -LRB- removing and replacing eight big lug nuts -RRB- the drill did n't seem to be slowing down . I use torque limiting extensions for putting the lugs back , otherwise you can warp a rotor or crack an alloy rim .
 when i received this i charged the batteries over night then went for the lug nut test , because the other reviews had mentioned it did not take off lugs . I removed and tightened 10 or so lug nuts on my full sized 4x4 pickup with no issues so i have no clue what the problem is with the other reviewers except that the lugs on their cars were over torqued.I am a millwright on heavy equipment and rock crushing equipment and this will get heavy use from me . at first glance i do n't foresee any issues .
 Many reviews here , mention percieved shortcomings of this tool . However , in my opinion , they are not the using this tool , for what it was designed for.This tool , in my opinion , is one of the best cordless construction impact wrenches out there.No , it does n't have variable speed , and an electric brake . However , this tool is designed to either remove fasteners , or run them tight , as quickly as possible . The control is a very simple forward/reverse rocker switch that allows you to instantly choose forward or backward rotation . I have had a variable speed impacts in the past , and the first thing to fail seemed to be the variable speed switch . A willing trade off , for better reliability.Now , to the square drive adapter . This model , again , is a construction impact wrench.It has the pin detent socket retainer , which is designed for positive retention , until you use a nail , screw or punch to depress the pin , and release the socket . This is by design , so that someone working on a scaffolding , installing roof trusses , for example does not have to worry about the socket ever coming off the tool . DeWalt also makes a version of this tool , with a hog-ring style retainer , for those who change sockets frequently . If that is what you want , you need to get the 059R or 059H . The standard 059 uses the pin.Battery life is excellent , I was using this for assembling a grain bin , and it tightened up at least 100 7/16 bolts on one charge.While not the best choice for garage maintanence use -LRB- for that , I 'd get something with variable speed , and the hog ring socket retainer -RRB- it is an excellent choice for construction work , where you use the same size socket repeatedly , and do not want to lose it .
 Due to time constraints I picked up this impact wrench , but I was initially looking into the ingersol rand model . Since I already have a Dewalt cordless drill and experienced zero problems whatsoever , I decided I 'd go ahead and make the purchase without checking any reviews!I have to say that I am extremely happy with my purchase . Although , it was an impulse buy at Sears , I would have saved more than $ 50 on Amazon so buy it here ! I had to take off flywheel bolts that just would n't budge . This impact wrench did the job ! No sweat!Another job that I had been putting off was changing my rear struts . Some mechanics quoted me upwards of $ 200 just for the labor , as I had already picked up new parts myself.I had no problems loosening the lug nuts , strut mounting bolts or the strut nut on top . It took it off and tightened it with ease . If you are somewhat mechanically inclined and would n't mind doing the bigger projects , you 'll save yourself a lot of money and time.The only con I have experienced so far as others have mentioned is that this particular model does not have variable speed -- meaning you push the trigger and it goes full speed ! There is no ramping . I 'm convinced this cordless impact wrench can handle most automotive repair jobs as long as it can fit ! I hope this tool lasts a very very long time.UPDATE 9/21/11
 ya know , there are `` toys '' then there are TOOLS . This is a TOOL . I 've already dropped it pretty far , it holds up like all dewalts . I 've been impressed with its power - and I use this this thing as my primary impact . BTW , I repair brakes and axles on RVs so most things have rust , grime , and are well aged !! I bit more power would be nice but more power isd always better !! E
 I 've never owned an impact wrench , so having said that this has worked as expected for working on my car . It gets the tightest nuts off my car with ease . It 's bulky so you might go for one of the smaller models if you need to fit into tight places , but this thing has the power that I wanted for any job . I just have to be careful not to overtorque nuts , which it really does want to do .
 I use these wrenches in all my work trucks and my people really like them , Plenty of power and being cordless is a huge plus . I would purchase these again .
 The DeWalt DW059k impact driver is a powerful and -LRB- so far -RRB- reliable tool . I tried a Ryobi impact driver of similar specifications twice , and both failed within a week of purchase . I am using it to drive 3/8 x 7 inch lag bolts into fence posts and it is performing well .
 It will be 6 years in february I 've had this impact and still use it with the batteries the kit came with . Best bang for the buck .
 A friend ask me to order this set for him . after i received it and have used it on jobs all items work very well . I WANT ONE !!!!!
 When your working , scissors and punch are the main tools you need . Scissors are great , they work just as well as any others . My blade got stuck in the punch , not sure how that happened might 've dropped it idk . But nonetheless it works very well . I do n't really use the stripper or little LED but i guess it 's nice to have . And the holster is fantastic , I like having all my tools right where I know they are . At first it 's hard to get the sharpie out or the mag light but it 'll loosen up a little . Great stuff
 I like it and for my type of job it really useful and practical . I do n't need any more to have my pockets full of tools : -RRB-
 As a tree service business owner it is very important to keep the chains sharp on all my chainsaws . It is pretty much cost prohibitive to take the chains somewhere and have them sharpened at $ 3.00 - $ 4.00 a piece so I sharpen my own . No doubt a skilled person can sharpen chains by hand the best but the time factor is also a concern when your running a business . I started out with a pretty much bottom of the line sharpener and it did an OK job but it was time to get something that does a great job ! If you use your chainsaws alot like I do then dont even waste your money on another sharpener . I did my research and decided this Super Jolly was the best sharpener for the money and I have not been disappointed ! The best feature of this unit is the hydraulic rail lock that prevents the chain from cocking sideways as the grinding wheel hits the chain making it possible to keep the precise angle and cant needed for your specific chain . The bottom chain holder also has the cant adjustment on it to make things even more precise ! Very easy to change the angle and or cant on this machine . Well worth the purchase price ! If you sharpen some chains for your friends it wouldnt take you long to earn back the purchase price !
 There has to be something wrong with this picture . An 8 inch ... metric ... adjustable ... wrench . I used to send the guys on the fishing boat on a wild goose chase looking for this wrench . I 'm sure the wrench works as advertised , but to have a real metric adjustable wrench in the toolbox completes the tool set .
 I have a noisy motorcycle helmet and couple noisy motorcycles so I always ride with ear plugs - especially at the race track . Typical foam earplugs do n't cut it for me . I was riding with the Howard Leight 3 pack FUS30-HP Fusion Earplug Reg Corded In Hearpack These 3M earplugs are a bit quieter , but not as comfortable for my ear canals . I 'll probably go back to the FUS30-HP .
 I keep a set in the truck for work , a set in the shop for loud tools and a set with the guns for shooting . These work great and are comfortable . I 've been shooting my 7.62 mm rifle with them and it 's nice and quiet .
 I use these religiously during concerts , parties , and other events with loud sounds . Relatively comfortable for the most part , though every few hours or so I need to take them out for a bit.The attached cord was completely useless to me and got in the way most of the time . Thankfully it was very easy to cut it off . Included black pouch was a nice touch .
 These work . They were cheap and convenient . Really have to stick them in your ear pretty deep to get a good seal and that can get uncomfortable after a while , but they work .
 The ear plugs are easy to put into your ear and take out . The lanard is long enough to hold them around your neck when you are not using them . They block out the noise well .
 Shipped fast ! Great item ... We go to a lot of concerts and as a migraine sufferer these ear plugs help me tremendously !
 These ear plugs work great . They fit comfortably in the ears and when not in use hang around neck so easy to keep up with . Sometimes I forget that I have them on . Bright color makes them easier to locate . 3 sets at a very reasonable price that do the job they were intended for , comfortable , so what more can you ask for ?
 I have tried literally dozens of different ear plugs and these are without reservation the very best . They are light , comfortable , obscure and the shape of the plug excludes nearly all noise . Perfect in every sense . Ca n't brag on them enough - no regrets .
 Very bright color makes them hard to lose and easy to insert for good ear protection . Especially good for lessening lawnmower noise .
 these are the best earplugs I have yet to use . Comfortable , and most importantly , STAY IN !! They seem to have the best sound reduction , even more so then the plugs I have that are the max NRR of 32 . These are supposedly 6dB less but seem to do a better job , and let me repeat , they stay in !! I would have liked the case they come with , as shown in the picture , but I too just got a cheapie fabric bag . No biggie though . The plugs are worth it , especially for the price , and I do n't need a case for them . If you really need a case , they make various small storage containers with screw top and pop top lids you can get at places like walmart , office max , and even sally 's beauty . I use them for organization at home , and also to keep styptic powder in .
 Wow , these rock in that ironic `` block the rock '' rockin ' way . My friends nicknamed me `` speaker humper '' a few years back and I was really completely tired of the tinnitus growing as a presence in my quieter moments . Nothing like an incessant ringing to really bring home the beauty of a quiet nature hike.So , I bought these for 2011 burning man as my backup earplugs behind an even fancier -LRB- though similar `` canal '' style set '' -RRB- that lacked the tether . These ones got worn multiple times while the fancier onces without any securing got worn I think twice . These things rule especially for folks like me that work/play/socialize right under the smothering embrace of massively powerful speaker systems . I would n't say they offered perfect sound reduction with distortion but they do a DAMN good job for the price and I was even able to sleep with them in without any discomfort . For the money these babies are gold .
 These work great ! Some have commented that the cords are a bit difficult to untie , but if you push on the knot before you start to undo it , you 'll loosen it enough to untie it without damage . Also , you have to be mindful of pulling up on the back of your ear to open your ear canal before you put these in . Once you do , they work great !
 I have been wearing these plugs for target shooting -LRB- under muffs -RRB- , motorcycle riding and hunting for several months . They are comfortable whether under a full face helmet , or shooting ear muffs , fit well and do a great job of reducing sound . I have other plugs that just do n't fit as well , so I will buy more Peltor tri-flange plugs in the future .
 I use these for shooting and find them to work out very well . They also happen to be quite comfortable to wear for extended periods of time . I would recommend these , and I will purchase more for future use .
 I work on military aircraft , and you ca n't be anywhere near running jet engines without at least ear plugs in . I was tired of using foamies , so I ordered these . They work great but the nylon string connecting them gets annoying so I cut it off and just keep them in their container when not in use .
 Really good product for the price . The material is durable and also soft at the same time . I would recommend this product .
 bought these to use during the summer . Have n't used yet but they seem like a good set . Would buy more to have handy
 Economical way to protect your hearing . Would rather use these than the muff 's so I do not have to finagle around when shooting .
 I use these for auto races -LRB- when I am an on-track photographer -RRB- . They comfortably do exactly what they are supposed to do . When not working a race I use active headphones but these are convenient and work almost as well .
 I bought these for my son and I . We were going to a punk concert and I knew it would be loud.These ear plugs were perfect . They protected our ears , we enjoyed the concert , and did not experience any ringing after the concert .
 Use these for residential outdoor work - mower , chain saw , blower - and they perform well for the price . Nice touch
 These earplugs fit my ears just fine , do n't fall out , and block out lawnmower noise well . The attached cord is useful when I need to talk to someone and do n't want to lose the plugs . The little pouch fits in the pocket of my mower so the plugs are handy . Ca n't think of anything negative . I recommend them for cutting the grass .
 These earplugs fit just fine and plugs the noise as you would expect something like this to . Not to use for the shooting range but effective for sleeping , taking exams , or just wanting the background chatter and street noise eliminated . The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because I thought it came with the white case shown in the product picture . Instead , it came with a small , black , velvet case . It 's hard to put the earplugs in that little bag . I 'm a student and I like to be able to put away my earplugs with ease but the bag is too small . I gave up and started using sandwich bags to hold it .
 These ear plugs made a world of difference , when i was in the shop . Noise levels were dropped , and these tips were quite comfortable . I hated those over the ear plugs , since they applied a large amount of pressure on my glasses frame , and in turn my ears .
 These insert quicker and easier than expanding foam plugs . I find them comfortable to wear for up to an hour .
 These are the best ear plugs I have ever used . I bought many extra packages to pass on to family members who are light sleepers . Now I can sleep through snoring , lawnmowers , garbage pick up , children shrieking in delight . Even the vacuum cleaner is more pleasant to run . Love 'em !
 For ear buds , these are comfortable and work well . They form a seal in your ear and make shooting enjoyable ! Getting 3 sets for the cost is also good !
 Great Product . Great Price . Great Selller . Would suggest these if you need ear plugs . I bought them for the oil field .
 These hearing protectors work great and for a very reasonable price . I picked up a few sets for my time a the shooting range .
 I give this item 5 stars not only for the good price but it also works very well . It is easy to put on and it eliminates most loud noises . I had difficulty in hearing even ordinary conversation so I think this is good if one does not want to hear someone talking . More importantly for my use at the shooting range together with ear muffs this would protect my hearing very well .
 I received 3 reusable plugs . I still have n't worn out the first pair I 've used . Great deal . I love them .
 I usually have issues with ear insert pieces of this type , so I was skeptical about how comfortable they would be , but I used them for a day and they were as comfortable as ever . They were used for shotgunning outdoors , and did the job excellently . Would defly stick with this brand .
 I have tried many different ear plugs in the past . These reusable Ear Plugs -LRB- AO Safety 973170 -RRB- are definitely the most effective I have ever purchased . I am well pleaded with the product . Both ear plugs are attached with a string on both ends , I confidently can push the ear plugs into the ear to a snug fit and easily retrieve then with a pull on the string . Great product .
 Great product.I bought this for 2 reasons :1 . To reduce noise during air travel .2 . For hearing protection while shooting.It succeeds in both , and is a big improvement over the various solutions I had been using.While flying , I like noise protection to reduce the ambient airplane noise -LRB- not to mention the noise of chatty passengers -RRB- while I am reading . I fly a lot , but do not like using any type of electronic noise reduction for many reasons , including the restriction on using electronic devices below 10,000 feet . My solution up to this point was an expensive set of Israeli-made SilentEar earplugs that were supposedly really good , but just would not stay put in my ears despite trying several sizes . This product fits my ears * perfectly * and results in a quieter environment , so will be coming with me on all future flights.While shooting , I have been using various brands of ear muff style hearing protection , including ones from Stanley , Beretta and Browning . Besides being bulky , nearby gunfire still sounded LOUD . But with these , the sound is now tolerable , and I do n't have to fill up 1/4 of my range bag with big bulky ear muffs.You get 3 sets in this package , which is nice and very good value . The only cautionary note I will add is that in each set I got , the yellow cord connecting the two ears was tied in such a tight knot that I almost could not get it apart . For a moment I actually considered * cutting * the knot , thinking that it was not part of the cord , but quickly realized that doing so would cut the cord between the 2 earpieces . You can untie the little knots - if you have patience.I like them ! Sorry , what was that you said ??? UPDATE ONE YEAR LATER : It puzzles me why a few people have had such trouble with these and think they do n't work . Unlike what a few others have reported , these work really well for me at the range , and in fact when I have tried wearing ear muffs over the top of these I really ca n't detect any further reduction in sound.For anyone who has had trouble or think they do n't work , be sure that you have inserted them properly and completely . As the instructions indicate , you have to pull out on your ear lobe with one hand while inserting them into your ear with the other - you ca n't just push them in with one hand because they wo n't go in far enough to fully seal the ear canal . When properly inserted , you * will * notice the difference - a feeling that I can best describe as being `` cut off '' from the world . If you do n't feel that , they are not inserted properly and you will NOT get anywhere close to the level of sound reduction that these can provide.Anyway , these work just great for me , and I am about to order more .
 I purchased these plugs for mowing both at work and at home . These plugs fit comfortably into my ear canals . I like that you do not have to wait for them to fill out , as with foam plugs . Foam plugs are fine , but are only good for a few times until they no longer work well . It 's also nice to forgo wearing over-the-head ear muffs , unless you wish to add to the decibel protection . For my use , the 26 decibel protection is adequate . Mowed 1 & 1/2 acres at home and these plugs kept the noise to a minimum and were always comfortable . I 'm eager to try these at work where I operate heavy machinery.The vinyl link for the plugs is not strong , but then it is not meant to be pulled on . There is no plastic case as shown for the plugs - just a cheap bag . This aside , I was pleased with the three sets of ear plugs . I do give the actual plugs five stars . However , since the product showed a plastic storage case and this was not included , other buyers should be aware.I would recommend these plugs .
 I have been using these for a few months now and they work great . Every so often I just run them under some warm water and mild soap and they are good to go again . They are very comfortable for long-term use . The one problem I have with them is that the plastic cord broke off after a few months . They work fine without the cord and in my case they are either in my ears or in the case so I do n't lose them . But a cord that breaks might be a problem for someone who is always moving around and needs to take the plugs in and out constantly .
 I work in injection molding and as such am around very loud machines all day . After reading reviews I opted to buy these.When it arrived it did n't come with a hard plastic case but instead included a velour-like small satchel.Despite that disappointment they work very well . I can still hear people talking to me but the low hums of the machines and high pitched grinding noises are reduced.They are very easy to clean , a quick warm water rinse and soft wiping gets them like new . They seem fairly durable , I 've been using the same pair almost every day and i have n't seen any tearing in the flanges.The only flaw in the actual product i found was that when unbinding them when you first open them can cause some tearing in the cord themselves . Instead of being coiled inside themselves i would have preferred it come bound with a loose rubber band.You should get them , because i only want to lose my hearing from old age .
 Used plugs at an automobile race . Lowered sound level considerably . Truly comfortable , easy to use , convenient draped around neck . Inexpensive .
 I recieved this item after only a few days , super fast shipment . . and the cord on the earplugs is a neon green/yellow color . Only downside , is that the so called `` case '' was actually a tiny canvas bag .
 Unit is fine for our purposes . Amazon should however correct the nomenclature on the listing - this model 90 is a builder 's level only . The model 92 includes the transit functionality .
 We used this to put drainage , help with building a pond , and laying a patio . It was very helpful and saved us a lot of time and possibly even money . Before using this product , I really had no idea how these things worked , but it was very easy to use .
 I bought this builders level to do several small projects including leveling ground for a patio and a swimming pool . The tool worked perfectly for both jobs . I am very satisfied .
 I shopped around an found this to be a great buy the package was prompt an packaged well I will do buiseness with them again very pleased
 All is good so far . This is a great tool for the price . Invaluable for laying out my backyard project.The only thing wrong with this item . The eight foot measuring device had a rivet missing from one of the black plastic collar rings that divides the section . Should n't be a big deal .
 This level will shoot all your basic elevation needs . The product came packaged with with all the equipment needed -LRB- story pole , tripod , plumb bob , and scope -RRB- . There are some higher end models than the Dewalt but the price was fantastic for something that will get moderate use . I am a contractor and not a big fan of Dewalt . I beleive Dewalt to be low end professional grade tools . So if your looking for something for day in and day out use you would be better off to purchase one of the more exspensive high end brands with all steel construction . The Dewalt is mostly plastic and the reason for my four star review .
 easy to use but a little tricky to get level good optics like the pakage has every thing you need to get your building level square and plum
 ITEM WAS AS OFFERED . DEFINITELY USED . CHECKED CALIBRATION , WORKS WELL . FOUND FOCUSING KNOB TO BE A LITTLE LOOSE AND TOUCHY . SEEMS TO BE WORTH THE MONEY . THANKS , ROY SHAW
 I would recommend it to others especially in the building trade but you can use it for a 101 used
 The product was exactly what it was suppose to be . It works very well and was in good condition . It is a great asset to our business .
 Best tool I have ever used , easy to set up and use . Takes all the quess work out of setting and leveling forms for new building projects .
 I purchased the Dewalt level two weeks ago and have used it in my consulting business twice already . I have been pleasantly surprised at the ease of set-up and use of both the level and the tripod . I am the only one that uses the set so I am not overly concerned about it being banged around too much . The tripod is not as sturdy as some of the more expensive models I have used over the years , but it seems to be well made for the money invested in the set . My only disappointment so far is I would have liked the option of having a decimal rod measured in 10ths in lieu of feet and inches . I know that feet and inches work best in building construction , however my field is in civil engineering and I need 10ths of a foot , not inches . I do appreciate that the size of the rod is convenient for carrying in my car . I do have a four foot extension foot , left over from my old Lenker Rod . This just happens to fit the shipped rod . Eight feet is not really very much when shooting grades in a rapidly changing terrain . I would recommend that the manufacture provide some type of extension base for those that need it .
 All in all a nice transit for the price . Optice are clear and good enough for long distance shooting.Directions for calibrating the bubble are vague and inless your bubble is way off , I would suggest leaving this alone.The pre-sighting device on top of the unit is completely worthless . On mine , the lens is completely hazed over and you are unable to get any kind of a sight picture through it . I just eye ball down the top and then use the regular optics to find my target . Slower , but it works.Mine was also missing the allen wrench for calibrating . I should have taken this as a hint .
 No problems so far . Unpacked and in operation in about 10 minutes . Focus is good , and optics are powerful and clear . Auto level is a cool idea - which is , by the way , a prism -LRB- on some kind of pendulum acted on by gravity -RRB- inside the device that levels what is seen in the viewfinder .
 This is an excellent product - it far exceeded my expectations for accuracy and ease of use . It has excellent optics and is ruggedly built . I have used it for grading drainage lines as well as for getting walls level . I would have liked the included rod to be a bit longer , and it would be nice to have a horizontal angle vernier , but overall it is an excellent product .
 hey there i 'm not a pro just a do it yourselfer but anyway heres my two cents i got the best deal with amazon free ship and no tax and cheaper than lowes or home depot anyway the level is easy to setup an level came with good carrying case tripod an plumbob anyway i 'm satisfied.thanks treedog
 Well worth it , Still working 4-5 years later . No problems at all . I use it -LRB- students -RRB- for about 8 weeks of the school year .
 I purchased this to fix a drainage problem at our home this summer . Every spring we have a lake where are driveway is suppose to be . This year we also had some water get into our basement . The plan is to grade the driveway better , put in some drain tile and get rid of the water . We havne ' t actually used it productively yet , but I have set it up to see how much we need to grade . The level set up with ease , was easy to focus and seems like it will work well.Update
 Although a very nice unit , I returned it . The telescope was so powerful -LRB- very small field of view -RRB- that you have to be pretty close to level or it wo n't work . It would n't work for my application . I bought a transit level instead . This came up under a search for a transit but it has no transit functions - a level only .
 I like this mailbox . Sturdy , large enough for magazines and small packages . Installing was easy . My only thing , I did n't realize when I order it was there was no flag on it to alert my mailman for a pick up . Now I have to leave letters sticking out of the box for him to see . Do n't care for that .
 Good and roomy for magazines ; could be offered in red ; would be nicer if a nameplate was included with free etching up to 10 characters . Otherwise , good value , long lasting -LRB- rust resistant , I hope -RRB- box to protect the US Mail from the elements .
 This box is used in an area which is not covered by a roof , so am happy to report that the cover keeps the items inside dry during rainy weather .
 Solid construction , good powder-coat finish , and easy to install . I was surprised at the large capacity . I 'm not a fan of purchasing things , sight unseen . But I was pleasantly surprised !
 Very nice mailbox . Came with the mounting screws and wall plugs . I really like it so far . Looks good on my house . Not too flashy . Fits my conservative taste .
 This is a little bigger than our old mailbox but it holds a lot-like magazines and bags of mailed prescriptions . The only problem I have is the top does n't stay up so you need to use 2 hands to get the mail . I just was n't used to that with my 28 year old mailbox , but you get used to it .
 This is a great sized mailbox . We have no more torn magazines and no more mail sticking out of the box .
 i am so happy that i finally chose this mailbox , after searching for so long . it is so spacious and it looks great on the front of my house , which makes me feel a little more protected than having my mail delivered to a box on the curb . i even told my husband , the other day , `` I am so happy about this mailbox '' to which he responded , `` it 's the little things in life ! ''
 had the same one for 25years it was a little dingy . the new one fit right in it 's place hope to get 25 years out of this one seam 's to be the same quality
 Nothing special about this mailbox , just a box , lid , and 2 screws ; just what I was looking for . Mounted in about 2 minutes and the all metal construction looks good . Large envelopes and magazines will easily fit and are easily removed .
 I purchased this mailbox based on reviews . I searched local Lowe 's / Home Depot/Gillroys and noone had this particular model.It is spacious and has a nice finish . I put it up myself ! The screws that came with it were a little short as they had to go thru siding and then hit the old wood siding on my house . I just used some longer ones I had laying around .
 The mailbox arrived in good condition . It does what I wanted it to do . It holds a lot of mail . Unlike the smaller mailboxes , I often do n't know that the mail has arrived without opening the top to check . The only negative for me is that the top does n't stay up when one is trying to get the mail out of the box . Sometimes it takes two hands to get the mail out of the box , because it is heavy and awkward , and then the top keeps falling down on top of the hands , making it more difficult . At times like that , one wishes that there was another hand available .
 I found this mount mailbox very easy to install . I had to install it myself and had no problem , being a senior citizen and a woman . It mounted easily and is very roomy and looks nice on the house . For the money , it was well worth it and highly recommend it to anyone .
 The item is high quality . The paint quality is quite good . Operation of the lid is smooth and predise . The lid is heavy and will stay closed in high winds etc. . There is plenty of room for large items such as newspapers ... which is why I chose this style mailbox . Most of these new boxes do not have flags which is a bummer ... extra work for the mailperson .
 It 's just what I need now that I 've got a new front door that ca n't accommodate a mail slot
 I bought two of these mailboxes to replace the ones that were on a rental property that we purchased . The mail was getting ruined by the rain . These have worked out perfectly . They 're big enough to hold magazines -LRB- folded -RRB- if needed . And there is lots of room to put numbers on the front if you want . I was waiting to see how these worked out before I ordered more for the other buildings . Now I 'm going to order six more .
 Mailbox is the perfect size - large enough for newspapers and magazines . Easy to attach to the side of the house .
 I 've been looking for a mailbox for sometime without any luck , and this is exactly what I was looking for . The box is big enough to fit magazines with the cover closed , so no worries about things getting wet . The price is great .
 The mailbox is very well built out of heavy duty materials . This is a solid mailbox and very spacious inside . I needed something large enough to hold several days of junk mail without it being overstuffed and this fits the bill . I really like that the hinge is offset so that the box can mount flat against the wall and still allow the top to open and close without interference . The old mailbox lid rubbed the siding and got stuck sometimes.If you need a large solidly built box , this is the one !
 This item is very well built . Good thick gaged steel . Good powder-coat paint on outside . Covering is a bit lite in parts of interior - I beefed up with Rustoleum spray paint . That was more than likely unnecessary . Good size for mail , magazines and packages . I rated a 4 instead if 5 only because it arrived with one corner bent slightly from damage incurred in transit . Powder cost was cracked . I should have inspected more closely before mounting . I did not want remove , return and remount . So I painted crack with a black enamel paint pen . I plan to inspect Fall and Spring and touch up as required .
 A very nice mailbox - solid hinge , heavy gauge steel and very large . This is great as many items actually fit in the box without sticking out .
 100 feet of stranded , 12-gauge wire on a spool . Relatively flexible . Hundreds of different uses . What more could you want?Used a bunch of this wire in Red and Black on a robot that will compete in the annual FIRST Robotics Competition.And it 's made in USA , if anyone 's wondering .
 hii need this cuz it 's big wire from inside , and take more ampi hope it helps someone elsethanks
 Total 19 strands of wires inside and I gauged it and found that not really 12 gauge but 11 gauge . If it contains 20 strands of wires then it is 12 gauge . Delivery time is as promised .
 Got this as a gift and have been using it for `` extra persuasion '' on some residential remodeling projects . The head and handle are all one piece of metal , much like Estwing hammers , so no need to worry about replacing the handle in the future like other traditional sledgehammers . And the grip is the typical blue rubber
 I am a professional land surveyor and I use this hammer to drive stakes or spikes in all soil conditions . This thing will probably last 30 years , easily . My old boss had one just like it that he used for about that long . It 's kind of expensive compared to the fiberglass handled short sledges at the hardware store , but the steel shaft wont get damaged even with the occasional missed swing . I guess I never have to buy another hammer again ...
 I have and have used a wide variety of hand tools . I can tell you that this product is made of the highest quality , and will give you a lifetime of good service with minimal maintenance . Highly recommended .
 I 'm a rock hound and have broken many hammers over the years this one is solid metal and tough very dense metal also very heavy topped .
 This is a much more comfortable and useful base than the standard fixed base . I really like having the on / off switch located on the grip . This is not only more convient but also safer because you have both hands securly on the grips when turning the router on or off . Having the handles slightly off center also makes routing narrow boards easier without the router tipping and ruining your work . My only complaints are the price seems pretty high for what it is , and when switching back to another base without the integrated power switch you have to be sure to turn the motor switch back to the off position before plugging it in or the router will unexpectedly start which could be really bad .
 Bought this for use on a Leigh Dovetail jig and could not be happier ! The DW618 router came with a fixed base , but that is permanently attached to a router table so I wanted another fixed base for use with the dovetail jig . One thing to note with the Leigh jigs though , is I had to remove the black handle in the front as it was hitting the jig but after that , everything worked great ! Made 4 serving trays for Christmas presents and this base was very helpful .
 The D handle base with trigger provides more control than the DW6184 base , which I now leave in place on the router table . An excellent addition .
 The 'D ' handle is definitely what was missing from my router set.When you are accustomed to having a trigger on your router , then buy a new set that lacks one , no matter how much you like it something is missing . This completed my DW618 router.Now , if DeWalt put a trigger on the plunge base that would be great also.I use it all the time and there was nothing to do when it arrived except , take it out of the box , drop in the motor and use it .
 This is the off-table base I use the most . It 's comfortable and being able to turn the router on without taking my hands off the handle is great.I have all three bases . The fixed base is mounted under my router table . The plunge base I use when it is necessary . This base is the one the router motor sits in most of the time .
 My favorite router base ! Fits my hands perfectly . I really like being able to start/stop the motor with the trigger instead of taking one hand off the machine . I have all three DEWALT bases and use only this one and the plunge base .
 We bought this to keep our home cooler , and it has made a huge difference . I would have given it 5 stars for that , but it was difficult to work with . Even with a new blade , it was difficult to cut and I was unable to get all the bubbles out .
 This is an excellent quality Metric Allen tool set . The primary reason that I wanted the set was to work on a Ford Expedition Brake caliper . We needed a 7 and 9 millimeter allen to get the silly bolts out that hold the caliper . Searching high and low finally found a 7 mm , but , not the 9 . Even the auto parts place that sold the calipers only had a 7 and a 10 but not the 9 . Some fun time at my grinder turned an expensive 10 mm into a `` functional '' 9 mm.We bought this set because it was so complete that it had the 7 AND 9 . What we got was a set that had all the pieces and quality metal as well . The finish and hardness of the allens shows that they will be the kind of tool that does every job you need them far and is ready for the next one . I am sure that my son will also enjoy them when he inherits the rest of my tools.Excellent tools , excellent little storage box , excellent price . Probably wo n't ever have an occasion to buy another one of these ; because , these will be going strong for a long long time .
 These are not professional grade , but they are super handy if you have a motorcycle that has large allen-screws -LRB- I use them on my SV650 -RRB- . I had to have them to get my front wheel axle off my bike and this was the only set I could find for a reasonable price . I got this entire set for the same price as a single allen head from craftsmen -LRB- which I do NOT consider to be professional grade either ... I usually use proto , snap-on or mac ... all of which were priced about the same as the craftsman piece -RRB- . I would n't use these on an aircraft -LRB- might shatter and then I 'd be fishing for FOD all day -RRB- but for my bike or my car they make a great addition to my home tool box .
 It 's just what you 'd expect it to be.The case is a nice touch , better built than some other plastic cases I 've seen.I needed the 7MM , 8MM and 14MM to work on a BMW - Brake caliper , Belt and Diff drain bolt.This entire set is cheaper than buying each of those 3 at autozone . Advance auto and Home Depot did n't even carry them.All the bits seem pretty studry and got the job done . Should be plenty strong for any application that uses these types of bolts . It 's more likely that you 'll use one of these on something and overtorque it . I would n't recommend them for building something from Ikea because it would be very easy to overtighen something.These do require a 1/4 '' , 3/8 '' and 1/2 '' size ratchet , but if you need this set you probably already have all of those .
 Well , I bought a new toy and new toys require new TOOLS ! This set came in a nice hard plastic case which I can use to keep the rest of my box in order , like I like it ! Being a former aviation professional and military man , I can easily do an ATAF -LRB- All tools accounted for -RRB- with this set and to do a quick check to make sure my sons did n't `` rip me off '' with my tools . No complaints so far and it 's what I expected , otherwise I would n't have bought it .
 I needed some larger metric hex head sockets to remove some plugs on ATVs and motorcycles . These are n't torqued parts , so my required duty cycle is pretty low . But for what I needed it for , they are perfect . Fit and finish are fine , commensurate with what I was expecting . Worked well in my applications to remove and replace plugs and other low-torque hex head bolts . Durability seems fine so far , although these are low-use tools.If you are a professional mechanic or expect to use these regularly and/or on high-torque applications , you may be disappointed as I doubt that the durability will be sufficient for your needs . Instead , go with a professional/warranted set , but expect to pay accordingly .
 I was concerned at first that this would strip out if I had to break a frozen screw loose . I am very pleased with the durability of these bits . The only thing that would make them better is if they had all the sizes within the range ... I ended up buying a T27 size to complete the set range .
 This socket set is solid and well built for it 's price . I got this in order to replace brake pads on my BMW , which required a 7 mm Allen hex and it worked like a charm.I think that the quality and durability is at least comparable if not superior to a similar 13 piece metric hex allen socket set by Craftsman -LRB- at almost twice the price and without a storage case -RRB- . The storage case as well as each socket has well marked engraved labels -LRB- e.g. H2 , H3 , etc -RRB- so finding the right size is a snap . The only reason that I did not give it 5 stars is because of their selection of sizes , omitting the 11 and 13 mm hex allen sockets , instead jumping from 10 to 12 and then 14 mm . I am planning to purchase another set of larger hex allen sockets in the future and will probably have to overlap the sets to go from 11 to 19 mm instead of from 13 to 19 mm but this is only because I like to have all sizes on hand for any contingencies .
 Finally found what I needed . I looked everywhere for a 9 mm allen to work on my Mercury brakes . Good price too . Nice case . Thanks
 I love my Delta faucet but made the mistake of buying a generic aerator the last time from a local hardware store . That aerator never did work right and I determined to replace it with a Delta replacement which this happens to be.Well it came in this morning and I installed it and am very pleased with its operation . How , one may ask , can one aerator work better than another ? It so happens I can address that question ; a good aerator creates a water stream that does n't splash around , a bad one produces a stream of water that is deflected all around and can make a mess.These aerators are definitely the good ones and produce a stream of water that does n't splash around.Just to be on the safe side I ordered two of them and now have one in reserve . It 's surprising how difficult it can be to find a simple replacement locally.I would also like to compliment Grady 's Online for their prompt delivery ; the order was placed on April 19th and came in today , April 22nd and that was with standard shipping !
 This part works great . It 's a good quality and you can tell that as soon as you pick it up because it 's nice an heavy -LRB- unlike the cheep plastic aerator that someone put on my bathroom faucet years ago -RRB- . It fit my old Delta faucet no problems and I 'd highly recommend this part .
 This aerator is PERFECT ! We desperately needed this aerator . I screwed it on to the kitchen faucet and I had instant gratification ! The water is beautifully aerated and it makes really nice dish washing liquid bubbles for washing the dishes . I am VERY happy with this product . I intend to purchase more as the needs arises . Thank you so much for a GREAT product and very fast shipping!UPDATE
 I needed to have a supply of aerators on hand , for my old kitchen faucet spout , -LRB- Delta 380 -RRB- that Delta does n't make any more . However , Delta still not only makes these aerators , but they work on newer model kitchen faucet-spouts as well . We have very hard water , and the aerators get lime-scale and sometimes the plastic filter cracks when you try to clean it . The rubber washer also goes bad . It 's better to replace the entire aerator , then waste time buying new bits and pieces of it . I purchased several of these to have on hand for the future . I 'm really happy with Delta Faucets becasue they still support a lot of their older products .
 every time i move into a new place i get one of these replacements for the faucets . Give the water a very nice flow /
 This faucet aerator work out well I first tried a 1.5 gpm from home depot had flow problem thats why I went with OEM good fix !
 Could not be more pleased to find this genuine Delta aerator . Our 35 year old Delta kitchen faucet finally works like new again !
 I needed to replace several worn out aerators , and these fit the bill nicely . Good quality , fair price , performs flawlessly , and free shipping . What else could you ask for ?
 We bought the Aerator to replace 20 year old Delta Faucet aerator . Arrived promptly and well packaged . Fits the old faucet perfectly . Thank you .
 This was exactly the right aerator to replace our Delta 15/16 '' Male OEM delta aerator -LRB- with `` Masco '' stamped on the outside of the original aerator -RRB- . I was delighted to find that this aerator also had `` Masco '' stamped on the outside and was put together identically to the original I was replacing after 8 years of use . The only difference was the color of the individual pieces . Threaded into the faucet perfectly and the water stream is way better than anything I could pick up at Lowes . Thank you WholesalePlumbing.com !
 Replaced three of these in apartment , huge improvement over the broken ones in there . The flow was off to the side and would go everywhere if the knob was turned too far . Now it 's just perfect . Used these in the bathroom and the kitchen , very pleased .
 After buying three replacement aerators at a box store and finding fit , finish , and function poor I ordered three OEM Delta aerators through Amazon and they were perfect , as was the fit .
 If your Delta faucet seems to have lost pressure/function after many years , just buy this and save your money and time.I must 've purchased 3-4 different aerators attempting to bring water pressure levels back to what they once were.As soon as I installed this , normal pressure/function returned .
 My wife could n't find an aerator that fit our Delta faucet locally so I ordered this . It fits and flows more water than the old one which had 8 years of iron deposits on it . Shipping was free .
 Hey -- it 's a Leviton AC receptacle . These folks installed lighting in the ark.I mean , unless you plug/unplug 200 times a day , it 'll probably last 50 years .
 The quality is really good but I had to return it because they only had one and I needed two lamps for my Garage . Never had a chance to try it out .
 This would be the deal of the century on a copper single lever kitchen faucet -LRB- retail $ 660.00 and I paid $ 24.99 -RRB- if I hadnt decided to install it myself . I didnt want to lessen the exhilaration I feel from this amazing purchase by paying someone to install it like I nornally would . This faucet is absolutely gorgeous and If I wasnt happy the whole world would know regardless of what I paid.In retrospect I probably should have paid more attention to how my present faucet attached to the sink before celebrating my purchase so vocally . I ended up spending a bloody fortune on the copper farmhouse sink I have been wanting because otherwise it may have appeared a little odd when I had a hole in the sink on either side of my groovy new faucet . The truly hysterical part is that I am an interior designer and should know better . To hide my sheepishness and lend credence to the addage of a good offense being the best defense , I quickly swapped out the existing granite I let someone else choose and never liked , to something I love . My $ 24 faucet just cost me $ 6324 and I couldnt be happier . Im still not cooking though .
 I have been useing Delta faucets for over 35 years , only problem ever had , when I bought them at a home store . They have them made for them in a lower quality , plastic parts , instead of brass .
 I specifically wanted this faucet as I had had the same one for many years and loved everything about it from it 's appearance to it 's smooth and easy turn-on valves . After many years , the old one had a leak and had to be replaced and I wanted another one exactly the same . I originally ordered this faucet from another seller but the seller actually withdrew from the sale . Apparently , they sold it elsewhere probably at a higher price . I decided to give Amazon one more shot , and bought this faucet from this seller , and I am delighted that I did . It came exactly as it was advertised except that I could n't find even a scratch on it . It was installed properly by my plumber and I have been happy using the faucet ever since . I 'm not sure what made it a used faucet but the price savings was GREAT .
 This faucet was exactly as advertised and reasonably priced . The installation was easy and it added elegance to my bathroom . I would highly recommend this product .
 Good solid product ... of course I 've been real happy with all my DeWalt products . This is no exception , well made , perfect fit for my needs . If you need it , go DeWalt , you 'll be happy !
 I was asked to make a G-celf out of solid Poplar and this guide set was just what the doctor ordered to do it . Worked perfectly . I would recommend this product to anyone . Very very useful tool . It is a real must for anyone doing more then a little edging with their router .
 A nice variety of guides to use with routing . Well made and easy to keep them in order with the supplied case .
 We built a custom-sized shower which is longer and wider than standard . We wanted to make use of the space and not be crowded close to one wall by the shower . We also had a nice Hans grohe shower system with a handset and overhead rain head shower . I wanted filtering . I 've used it in the past and love the difference it makes . So this shower arm was perfect for us . I wondered whether it would be able to hold at the angle and position we want , and glad to say it holds place steadily . I 'm extremely happy with this product . It does exactly what I was looking for and does it well .
 I 've tried a couple different extensions recently without any luck . Not long enough , poor quality , etc. . The head I 'm hanging is fairly heavy being a Moen Refresh , combo rainfall head with a separate hand held head . The bad extensions would have to be tightened with a channel lock just to get it tight enough to hold it up and not leak from the adjusting nuts . This Sprite extension arm is just fantastic . It is ready to install out of the box . Some teflon tape and in minutes it was up . I was a little skeptical buying it I would have to add some support to keep the arm from sliding down . Boy was I wrong . The joints on the arms are notched at intervals so when you loosen the wing nut it clicks into notches until you get the one you want and tighten it . Super sturdy . No chance of the heavy head dragging the arm down in time . Hand tightening nuts is all you need to do . Turned on water when done and no leaks anywhere . Did n't really need the filter but was an added bonus . Just a slight decline in water pressure but hardly noticeable . This product totally exceeded all my expectations . Now I can get the rainfall head above my head streaming down instead of at an angle . Ca n't say enough good things about it . Sprite got it right . A little price but worth it . If you shop around can find it cheaper -LRB- All Filters.com -RRB- .
 Product was delivered exactly when they said it would be , and it was very easy to install . I purchased this item with the hopes that my `` hard '' water would soften up a bit to hopefully reduce my full body skin irritation following a shower . Before this shower head I would dry off after the shower to notice extreme burning and itching around my entire body . After installing this shower head , the irritation and itching was reduced 100 % ... essentially gone . It is amazing .
 Love this item . Soft on body and lots of options plus filtration and inexpensive .
 Works great on PSC fan motors . I use it on a furnace fan and it does just what it is supposed to do . Also , no RFI . Nice design .
 This was exactly what i was looking for . Used it to slow down a 3/4 horse fan motor . Offers double adjustability . There is a small hole you can access behind the main knob to move the entire seed range adjustment of the main knob up and down . Cheap and functional . Buy away . One small note , you will need an extra deep outlet/switch box to accomidate the depth of the controller behind the black aluminium heat sink .
 it was the right amount to spray my whole display board for my science fair project . i love the color and will be buying it again in the future if i ever do science fair projects again .
 I love this lacquer spray ! I 've used it on several pieces of old furniture , and they look awesome . High gloss , seems durable , and very chic . I wanted one of the silver lingerie chests like I 'd seen online , and a girlfriend happened to be selling a chest , but the old dark brown wood color . I painted the chest black lacquer , and the front of the drawers and the pulls with metallic silver , and it looks VERY cool , and kind of glam.NOTE
 I just ordered and used this product . I was making a frame for mothers day and needed something to give my frame that nice shine . I sprayed 3 times sanding between each layer and it came out just beautiful . The price is great the product is great and amazon ships it for free with amazon prime . If you are looking for good quality shine give this a try .
 Fantastic product . I had a lovely pair of french doors that had n't been painted/stained in many years and were in dire need of some refreshing . This did the trick exactly . I followed the directions to the letter , which were n't very difficult to begin with . Keep 10 to 12 inches away from the surface and spray in light quick passes . I had no streaking and very little dripping which was easily touched up . The doors look practcally brand new . I know I 'll be purchasing this product again in other colors for a few other DIY projects I have lying around the house .
 Super easy to use and worked wonders for keeping glitter on a project that is going to be in contact with water all of the time .
 This is amazing ... the gloss is almost mirror-like . Hope it is as long lasting as it looks . Worth the price difference . Will use again .
 I used this spray for refinishing some old kitchen chairs . It was a lot more convenient than brushing on , and it looks good ! I later used it on a quick project with a zebrawood top , and it really brought out wood grain in that nicer more figured piece . Good stuff .
 I have found this lacquer to be very handy . I do n't have to clean my spray gun for small projects .
 Love this product ! Easy to use & super glossy ! Dries clear & didnt yellow pale paint color . Professional looking results .
 The spray was really great , and is completely clear so that you do n't see any spots where you have have missed or put too thick of a layer . I used this to protect hand-made coasters , and so far they are not being damaged by any liquids or handling .
 I found exactly what I was looking for and received itwithin 2 days . Very happy with the service and quality .
 What can you say about a tap ? It is as advertised and priced right AND it comes with the correct drill bit ... a good bargian
 I bought this to slow down a ceiling fan and it worked perfectly . I wanted to run a 50 cfm ceiling fan in my basement all of the time to keep pet smells from entering the rest of the house but did not want 50 cfm of conditioned air being exhausted constantly . I also wanted the fan to make less noise . This switch worked perfectly , I did not even have to adjust the set screw . The fan speed seemed to vary with the switch position perfectly . I read a few unfavorable reviews and I can only speculate , but it might be that they did not purchase the correct amp rating for their motor . In my case , I bought the 2.5 amp model for my motor rated at 1.6 amps .
 If anyone is looking to replace fireplace fans with a variable speed control this setup worked great.I have a Marco fireplace and could not get replacement 2 speed fans .
 I have Hunter air cleaners to control dust from my parrots , and the motor speeds were much too fast even on low setting , and blew more dust than they collected . I purchased these units to slow down the motor speed , and was able to mount them inside the cases for a clean mount , with the wall plate and dial on the outside . These work perfectly for my application to lower the fan speed of my air cleaners , resulting in less noise and a lower CFM rate , while still filtering the air satisfactorily .
 This is a great speed control , much better than the sunmile or whatever I bought before . I really like the small adjustment screw on it that allows me to bring the fan down to barely spinning . That is a great option that I 've never seen before . My fan runs great and I can adjust it from high speed down to almost not spinning accurately which is something I have n't been able to do with some of my other fan controls .
 The A/C unit in my condo blew air far too strongly , even on the lowest of the 3 fan speeds . It blew freezing air over people anytime the A/C was running and was quite uncomfortable . So I wired this in series with the low fan speed setting , and now I have perfect control over the fan and can get it as low as I want , and the A/C is much more comfortable . It is also much quieter . Problem solved!My fan motor is a 2.0 amp , 1/8 HP , single phase 120 VAC . This control , good for up to 2.5 amps , works perfectly with my motor . Be sure to check your motor 's rating and order the speed control with the correct amperage for it .
 Now our gas fireplaces have speed controls that allow us to adjust from the wall , do n't have to listen to the fan on high all the time !
 Nice light for the price , definitely got a great deal . Well packaged and arrived in a reasonable amount of time .
 The bits work great for drilling in wood . They seem to drill faster and cleaner . I also like that the shanks are universal `` Quick Change '' . The company messed up my order and sent the spade bits instead . I called them and got the correct bits the next day and they let me keep the spade bits . Was very impressed with the TG Tool service . I would highly recommend the product .
 Hardware cloth is perfect to use as reinforement of lower screen porch to keep varmits out , namely racoons and opossoms . Tough enough to not give yet not distracting or very noticable from the screen wire in place . Looks good and solved our problem of constantly having to replace the screen wire .
 I have had this nail gun for approximately 18 months and have never had a problem with the tool using Paslode or Pneu Fast nails . The tool has enough power to nail LVL and Timberstand lumber with full depth of drive . The tool bought through Amazon was priced very well at about $ 160.00 , now I see the price has increased but I would still purchase this nailer based on my current experience . Unlike one other reviewer I am not very concerned how many sticks of nails the gun will hold , additional sticks of nails should be carried in a nail sleeve by the person using the nail gun . I am far more concerned about the performance of the tool in various types of lumber .
 Great nailer . I am a contractor and love the Milwaukee nailer . Not a misfire yet , unlike the Porter Cable I have .
 This is a nice nail gun for the price . I have used Senco all of my life and like them better than this one , but I wanted a less expensive option for finishing my basement . This has worked great so far . The only thing I do n't like is the plastic tip . It looks like a part that will fail at some time .
 I own a dozen Milwaukee tools , this Framing Nailer is another high quality tool and at a reasonable price .
 I 'm not a carpenter , but have worked in and around construction for a long time , so I 'm a stickler for good tools and Milwaukee usually makes a fine quality tool . Bought this primarily for finishing my basement and it has worked flawlessly ! Comfortable and easy to operate and a great price . Thanks to the pro carpenters for their reviews of this item ... it 's why I chose it .
 I 've been using this nailer to finish my basement . So far it has performed flawlessly . It has jammed only one time so far , and that was because of a malformed nail going through . This is a great nailer .
 As usual with Milwaukee the product itself is first rate and the Amazon sale price of $ 158.00 was GREAT . However , at the time I bought it I did n't realize how difficult it is to find clipped head nails off the shelf . If I knew then what I know now I would have bought the Milwaukee 7100-20 Round Head Framing Nailer instead -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- . It appears that round head nails are now the standard in the industry . I understand that the Paslode nails with offset heads will work in this gun and are more readily available off the shelf , although I have n't tried them yet . The four star rating reflects only the difficulty in finding nails that fit the product .
 Just bought this nailer to build 2 x 4 shelving units for the basement . Shot approximately 200 3 '' ring shank nails through it with no issues .1 . -RRB- This gun is the lightest framer I 've used and well balanced .2 . -RRB- The shorter magazine makes this gun less clumsy and able to fit in tighter spots . Though it may not hold 2 sticks of Paslode nails as other reviewers commented , I am not doing production framing so it is not an issue .3 . -RRB- The trigger lock-out mechanism when you are down to the last few nails is genius . Wish my other guns had this feature .4 . -RRB- This framer drives and feeds consistently . For my application I ran at 100 psi .5 . -RRB- Instead of 3/8 fittings and hose I reduced the inlet down to 1/4 with a swivel fitting . Gun performed flawless -LRB- although I am not using rapid bump fire -RRB- . This allows me to use the 1/4 quick connects and hoses all my other air guns use .6 . -RRB- Of course Milwaukee recommends Milwaukee nails , which I am unable to find . I shot Paslode `` round drive '' nails from Home Depot . As others have mentioned , these nails fit into this clipped head nailer but have a full round head ... it is just offset from the nail shank . This way you satisfy code requirements for full rounds plus keep the benefit of paper collation and tight nail spacing.The only two cons I see are : First , there is no case . However , many people who buy air nailers will not mind building their own cases I 'd wager.Second , gun is made in Taiwan . I would prefer and would pay for good ol' Made in the USA but alas , it is hard to find these days.In short , another great Milwaukee product . Not sure why I never see these in the big home improvement stores . Also , Amazon price was great at $ 179.99
 This nailer is a real performer . The reviews I read were all spot on . It 's light weight , has an easy to use depth adjustment . Overall this is a great product .
 This is a very light weight well desined nail gun . We have always used Hitachi full head nailers , but we gave this one a try and love it.One off the neatest parts of the gun is the hook . It is designed to fit on 1 1/2 lumber which is really handy when you are high up in the air . Also if you are sheeting roofs or side walls you can hook it directly to the sheeting.This tool is light weight yet really tough . We have used our guns for little over a year and we are really happy with how well the tool has heald up with so much of the moving parts being plastic.This tool is well worth the money .
 The nailer is very light as advertised . I have used Maxx and Paslode framing nailers in the past and I prefer this one hands down . The loading mechanism could be a little better , but that is my only beef . The nail depth setting is easy to adjust and the nail depths are very consistent . I have only shot one box of nails so far , but have not experienced any jambs or misfires .
 This was my first nailer , so I ca n't compare it to others , but I have absolutely no complaints about my Milwaukee nailer . It allowed me to frame out my basement by myself , including overhead ductwork boxes . It was very easy to use , and I did not have any problems throughout the project . My wife and 12 year old son even used it without any difficulty . I was pleased to see only positive reviews on Amazon.com , and the price was considerably better than other nailers elsewhere . With this nailer , I feel that a covered patio is now something I can do . It was a great purchase !
 I bought this for my husband 's birthday as we were going to be adding a new deck onto the back of the pole barn . Previously , we have used the deck screws which are preferable , but , my husband no longer has the strength to lug around heavy tools or the force to screw a zillion screws into the deck . This is a light weight framer . Will not shoot unless it is against a surface - so , no accidental firing . Did not jam.The new deck was 20 x 40 . Worked perfectly . I would highly recommend this product . Plus -- I love shopping at Amazon.com !
 I am in the process of building a house . I purchased the nailer to assist in the process . I am in no way a professional carpenter , just an above average handyman.I own several pneumatic nailer , none of which are Milwaukee . After reviewing several nailer online and local stores . I liked the features of the Milwaukee the best.I have fired about 13,000 nails through the gun so far . It has performed flawless . The selector switch to convert from single trigger fire to bump firing is fantastic . This is the only nailer that I have looked at that has this feature . The nailer is extremely light weight and very easy to use . The only draw back to the gun is the short magazine . You have to reload more.Overall a fantastic product ! I have no regrets in purchasing this nailer and would highly recommend it to anyone !
 I have used this nailer for a month straight now building decks and sheds . I have had no problems with it , the rafter hook comes in very handy . If I could improve one thing then it would have to be the nail capaity . It would be nice to have a few more nails between refills . This gun has not misfired in over 10,000 nails . The rapid fire mode does double fire every now and then but that could have been a user problem.I look forward to using this Milwaukee nailer for future projects .
 I read the reviews and was impressed , so decided to take a chance on this for a barn I was building . It is a wonderful tool , easy to use , lightweight , reliable , it never jammed once . It is now my favorite tool . It works with both round head and clipped head and switching nails takes only a few seconds . Saved a lot of wear and tear on my arms . Get this one .
 This is the best I have used . It is the lightest framing nailer I have seen and has n't jammed or double fired yet . The tooless depth adjustment is great and has all the power you could ever need .
 This was my first nailer purchase , and I could n't be happier . I really did n't need this right now , but I found it elsewhere for $ 124.99 with $ .01 S/H brand new . There was no way I could pass it up . I am very impressed with the quality . Ive used a few different framers and they just do n't compare to this.This gun has alot of power at 80-90 psi . There 's no need to crank it up to 120psi the tool 's max . Im using a 1/4 '' fitting and hose with no problems . The tip on this is very small and works excellent when toe-nailing . The selectable trigger is a very nice feature also . This is a solid flawlessly-functioning tool the way they should be.I am so pleased with this purchase that when I found the 16 guage finish nailer for $ 81 here on amazon I HAD to have it also . Milwaukee has always built quality electric tools , their air tools are no different . These nailers seem to be some of the best available.The only thing that would make this better would be a case or at least an option to buy one from Milwaukee . Not a big deal . I 'm buying Milwaukee tools from now on .
 This is the first framing nailer I purchased thanks to the reviews here . This nailer is solid and performed flawlessly . Currently remodeling a basement and I am building the walls in place due to uneven floors . Did n't want to shim so I am toenailing . This nailer make toenailing so easy . 2x4 barely moves when toenailing due to speed and force . This nailer is a comfortable weight and makes the job so much easier . I would definitely recommend this nailer
 My husbands Dewalt Nailer Broke and after several months of the 12 $ part being on contant backorder and no firm date on a part we had to replace it . I took a chance and bought this Milwaukee Nailer refurbed . Hey this is a new gun . There wasnt even any finger prints on it . I will never go back to a big box store to purchase a tool , this place is great . I ordered another brad nailer from this company and was just as pleased with it . Thumbs up guys .
 This my third Milwaukee air nailer and it works great . I 've been using it to build a 550 square foot , two story deck for my house . My brother who 's been helping me , is a contractor who brought his Senco and he could n't keep his hands off the Milwaukee . It works perfect , not one jam no matter how I hold it , and it looks great .
 I purchased the 7110-20 from Amazon and it literally showed up the very next day at my door . How cool is that !? I also purchased a couple boxes of nails that Amazon indicated went with the gun.Mistake # 1
 We bought this framing nailer to use to build our house -- it does a good job . Our only complaint is that after one weekend of use , the grip is starting to peel . Other than that , it is well put together .
 This nailer works very well . Easy to load . Nice feel . Never jams .
 The nailer has performed flawlessly so far . No complaints . It has been a good purchase . Milwaukee makes a good nail gun .
 I have not used this tool as of this date ... however , in addition to this framing nailer by Milwaukee , I own a Milwaukee finishing nailer . I based my 5 star score for the framing nailer on the quality and never-fail operation of my finishing nailer . An excellent tool .
 This is my third framing nailer . My first was a DeWalt D51823 which had cost me $ 275 and lasted 9 months . It misfired and jammed so often that it was barely useable . I replaced it with a Hitachi NR90AA which , along with the optional trigger , cost me well over $ 400 . I used it for a couple of years and it rarely ever jammed nor misfired . I purchased a Milwaukee 7110 framing nailer to replace the Hitachi after it broke . At nearly half the price of the Hitachi and quite a bit cheaper then the DeWalt , I was worried that I might be buying something I could n't rely on . Right out of the box , this nailer seemed like a VERY high quality tool . Very sturdy construction and with precise adjustments.After 6 months of use , my worries are gone . This nailer is flawless . It has not jammed or misfired yet , which is extraordinary . It double fires on rare occasions , but only when switched to ` contact actuation ' . It 's very lightweight and rugged -LRB- easily brushed off a 15-foot story fall just recently -RRB- . The ability to switch from sequential to contact actuation firing modes with a simple switch is ingenious -LRB- both my other nailers required disassembling the trigger assembly ! -RRB- . The depth adjustment works quite well -LRB- providing you do n't use the non-mar tip -RRB- and firing is very smooth and balanced.On the job , we use several Senco 701XP framing nailers . All of which have jamming , misfiring , and double firing problems , yet they cost $ 100 more then the Milwaukee . The Milwaukee is also the lightest of the bunch -LRB- 7.0 lbs , compared to 7.5 lbs for DeWalt , 8.0 lbs for Senco , and a hefty 8.8 for Hitachi -RRB- . The height is a bit longer -LRB- 1 '' longer then DeWalt , 1/2 '' longer then Senco , but 3/8 '' shorter then Hitachi -RRB- , but it has the shortest length and smallest tip , so it seems to get in smaller areas a bit better then the rest . Lastly , the air usage is a bit higher then the Hitach and DeWalt -LRB- .130 cfm for Milwaukee vs .072 cfm for DeWalt , .100 cfm for Hitachi , and .160 cfm for Senco -RRB- , but that 's a very minor concern for me.One thing I would like to have seen is a case ... I do n't know why Milwaukee chose to leave this tool as their only air tool without a case to protect it during transit.Overall , this is easily the best framing nailer I 've ever used . Pair that up with it being the cheapest framing nailer I 've ever used , and I ca n't help but solidly recommend this to anyone.Also , I 've seen a lot of erroneous information concerning who actually manufactures Milwaukee 's line of air tools and the Rigid/Milwaukee relationship . Techtronic Industries -LRB- TTI -RRB- owns Milwaukee and Emerson owns Rigid . These are two entirely different companies and neither of which owns the other -LRB- which had been incorrectly claimed by another reviewer -RRB- . Emerson has a deal with One World Technologies , a subsidiary of TTI , for Milwaukee to supply them with various tools to sell under their Rigid tool line , particularly Milwaukee 's air tools line . These tools are 100 % Milwaukee and are license to be sold by Rigid , with the only difference being the Rigid logo and body color .
 I own four other tools from milwauke , that I have had for more than 5 years . They are very reliable and I love them . None of them pneumatic tools . I have 3 nailers , one a Porter-Cable and two Bostitch . Happy with both brands.I went out on a limb when I decided to buy this Milwaukee nailer . They are not known for nailers and I thought they probably re-brand some other nailer . The price was right and it did say that it was magnesium housing.It comes in a box , no case . My first impression when I picked up the box was that it felt that there was nothing in there.But there is . For its size a suprisingly light framing nailer . Just the type I wanted . You also get a pair of safety glasses , throw those away , and a tiny oil bottle and couple of hex keys.Easy to load , no jams so far , -LRB- used about 500 nails -RRB- and you can work with it all day long and not have a sore arm . I 've used the single and continuous fire with no problems . I have used it in a house after demolition , with lots of dust and dirt around . I am used to just leaving my other milwaukee tools around on the floor and they have held up very well . This nailer is no exception , holds up well to abuse in on the site.Overall an excellent nailer for the money , and if it is a re-branded tool , good choice Milwaukee !
 Personally I 've tried Porter-Cable and Hitachi framing nailer . Porter-Cable is heavy , you do n't want to carry it for morethan 10 mins and is lacking some neat features like tool-free depth adjustment ... Hitachi is light , but you got ta pay more bucks.Milwaukee framing nailer is even lighter than Hitachi and at the saome time packed with features you wish for . Great nailer , buy it !
 Lite weight framing nailer . Really like the single shot switch . Good for toe nailing without the double shot other nailers sometimes do . Been a carpenter for many years , found it hard to give up my hammer . Do n't mind not using it as often now . Milwaukee took all the bugs out of framing nailers . Well worth waiting for .
 These guns are great . I purchased 2 clipped head on one round head milwaukee nailers and they are all awesome . I have gone through 7000 nails in a month with no jams , or miss fires in any of the 3 guns .
 I relied on the good reviews here on Amazon when buying this tool and I 'm very glad I did . This is only the second pneumatic framing nailer I 've used , though I 've been doing woodworking and carpentry -LRB- not professionally -RRB- for over 30 years . I do have staplers and a nice Hitachi 16ga nailer , as well as a great palm nailer.I switched to using screws for building my shop a few years ago and was pretty happy with the strength of the structure , plus the benefit that I could easily make changes as I went by just taking out the screws and re-doing it . This time I decided I did n't have the time and energy to drive that many screws , so I borrowed my brother 's nailer . He 's building a house next door and was n't using his framing nailer at the time . It was heavy and kicked like a mule , misfiring often and turning nails into worms -LRB- though it may have been the low quality of the Chinese nails he had on hand -RRB- . So I decided to invest in one of my own.I thank all of you previous buyers for steering me to the best nailer I could have bought . It 's light , soooooo easy to load and switch nail size , easy to adjust head depth ... And for some reason the angle is and business end are just right that I had no trouble at all getting into tight spaces to deliver a nail exactly where I wanted.Loading is so much easier with this machine than any I 've seen . Most require opening hatches , unsnapping springs , etc. . The Milwaukee just has a slot at the back where you drop in another clip and pull back an easy release on the side to push the clip forward . Removing them is as simple as pushing a button on the release that allows the clip to fall back to a spring stop , which you easily press and the clip comes right out the slot in the back ... simple and ingenious!Adjusting the head depth is as easy as turning a knob , because that 's all you have to do.But firing this baby is the neatest thing ... it does n't seem to be working at all to drive a full 3 1/2 inch 16d without any bounce , EVERY time ... no misfire , no jam ... PERFECT.This tool saved me so much time on my addition I think it paid for itself the first week ! Thank you Milwaukee and thank you Amazon for the great deal ... and thanks again reviewers !
 Extremely lightweight , tool-free depth adjustment , flawless operation . I have used many brands , but this is the best ever . Very glad Milwaukee got into the pneumatic nailer business !
 Very good gun . Does not misfire or clog . Paslode ` rounddrive ' round-head , paper collated nails work in this gun perfectly . This in effect gives you two nailers in one - a clipped head and a FRH .
 I found the product to be a pretty decent nailer . It performed as well as nailguns that cost twice as much . The only setback for the Milwaukee nail gun was the ease of loading and unloading the nails . It seems the nails should slide down the sleeve a little easier for removal .
 I purchased this along with the Bositch 3Pack nailer/compressor outfit to finish our basement . I put it to work immediately using both 3-1/2 and 3 inch nails . No jams or misfeeds during the entire project . It is light and easy to maneuver between studs . Nailing overhead , once a job I tried to avoid , is now simple . I like the stud hanging clip and do n't need a carrying case . The only complaint I have is the same as others have voiced - include the air chuck adapter . Great product .
 I have a 2009 CanAm Spyder SE-5 3 wheel motorcycle and the rear axle nut requires a 36mm socket . I have shopped at several stores for this socket but they just do n't have it . I was able to rent one at AutoZone but after finding this item on Amazon at this low price and ordering , it 's now always at hand when I need to use it .
 I have gone through about 5 book lights for my Kindle . This one is the best ever . I wanted something rechargeable so I would n't have to keep a mega stock of batteries . The cord on this one might seem to be an inconvenience to some , but I really do n't mind . And if I 'm on the go , I can always stick the batteries in.The LED on this light is the best . I hate weak lights that leave me straining to see the bottom of the page . The Mighty Bright provides a nice even illumination that lets me concentrate on reading , not on attempting to see the words.My only complaint about the Mighty Bright is the rather fragile design of the telescoping neck . There must be a better way to provide an extend-and-pivot mechanism . I 'm always careful , but someday I 'm pretty sure I 'll be accidentally breaking the scrawny neck of this little beastie .
 This light is good because it illuminates most of the page with good brightness . It adjusts easily if necessary . The telescoping feature makes it compact when collapsed . Works OK for a flashlight . Nice and light . I take it on biking trips to read with in the tent . I also use it a lot at home with the plug in adapter . I wish the head would not twist when I lie on my side and put the light parallel to the bed . But all in all , a nice product . If you need the plug in adapter , be sure to order the more expensive version . The cheaper one is the same light but does n't include the AC adapter . Uses 3 AAA batteries and lasts a long time even with rechargeable batteries .
 This book light folds compactly for travel -LRB- unlike the ones with a goose neck -RRB- , is nice and bright , plenty adjustable , and easy on batteries . What more could you ask ?
 very useful and does n't weigh alot , it is bright too . The wife enjoys reading at night and now does not wake me up .
 Rubies are the smoothest bits i believe that are out for shaping . Unless i need heavy stock removal , Rubies are it . I start with Medium grit for removal , fine for contoring , than stone for the final appearance . The Football shape is one of the most used burrs , a must have .
 I adore these shoes ! They are comfy and very well made . I find myself wearing these more than my Emu slippers . I would love to see these in more standard colors , such as brown , so I could wear them with most clothes when I go out.Order a half size down . I wear 7.5 , but ordered a 7 and they 're perfect.Love , love , love !
 I 've always gotten the traditional sloggers with no cushion and they were great until the bottom started wearing and then they started leaking . These premium ones feel great and I love the kiwi color , but I 'm a size 8 1/2 and my toes hit the top . It 's not critical because I just wear them for short term gardening and in and out to the BBQ but I do wish they were a tad bit bigger . I 'm going to keep them though because I fear the next size up to be too large .
 These shoes are comfy ! I wear a 7 1/2 and bought an 8 , fits great ! I wore them for about 45 minutes in 75 degree weather and my feel were clammy after . These will be great from Fall winter and early morning yard work .
 I bought these shoes for gardening and was pleasantly surprised how comfortable & stylish they are . The fit was true to size and very comfortable -- so comfortable that I wear them when I take the dogs out for long walks . The quality of material is excellent and seems very durable . I love these shoes and will order more in other colors , plus Amazon seems to have the best price .
 Very happy with these so far , have been looking for sturdy , comfortable and reasonably priced garden shoes for ages , I think these are the ticket !
 These are very comfortable and so easy to wash , wear and store . Great colors - bought this pair for my sister and I have the lime green ones .
 I bought these and also a pair in blue for gardening . I 've been wearing them out in the bad weather . Very comfortable .
 Being an avid gardener , I 've worn garden clogs for years . Since my old ones cracked , I decided to order the Sloggers upon the recommendation of another gardening buddy . She knew what she was talking about . They are wonderful ! I end up wearing them to the grocery store or hardware store on days that I 've been working outside . I keep them next to my back door to slip into before going out - love everything about them . The comfort , the color , and the great grip soles . They were a terrific buy .
 I found these garden/work shoes to be comfortable , easy to put on and kick off.They are waterproof and easy to clean up after a day in the garden.If I get paint on them , I simply wipe them clean with rubbing alcohol.I have an odd shaped foot and they conformed to the shape of my foot and remained comfortable all day long.I will definitely order them in other colors since they are stylish as well as practical .
 very comfortable . I like working in the garden and can simply wash these off with a garden hose . Look great for going to the store as well . I normally wear 8 1/2 , but this size was n't available so I got a 9 and it fits great , maybe just a little too big . I plan to buy more colors .
 My wife is tickled to death with these sloggers . They fit her perfectly , she LOVES the color , and we 're pleased that we got them so soon ! Thank you for making this a great shopping experience for us !
 I got these shoes for my wife for Mother 's Day . She is very pleased with the fit and quality of the shoes . She was very pleased that they are made in the USA.She said they looked so nice she hated to get them dirty in the garden .
 Woo Hoo ! Yippee ! I love these ! I ordered , accidentally , a size 8 and wore them for a week despite the discomfort . -LRB- When I inquired about an exchange I was told it would cost a 15 % restocking fee plus shipping ! So I kept them , sigh ! -RRB- BUT , now I have my 9 's . They are great outside in the garden . I can slog around in the wet grass , garden mud and dig holes for plants with no worries about ruining what I am wearing on my feet ! They are so easy to slip on and off . I forgot I was wearing them . My bf loves their look on my feet . I can even make a dash to the store without needing to change ! And they are easy to clean . I found a friend to take the 8 's and am now thinking I should get another 9 to keep in the garage so I do n't have to always go out the back door of the house to get outside ! Am I lazy or do I just LOVE these ?!
 These are great for walking in the wet grass . I have had a different brand that was a little more comfortable but , I have no complaints about these .
 Perfect for the garden . Comfortable for rubber garden shoes . Mark easily so nothing I would wear to town for an errand . Love them for outside .
 This is a very comfortable garden shoe , but it is not a slip on . Sizes run smaller.I think it is safer than a clog .
 I was really pleased with the quality of this shoe . It is cute and comfortable ; just perfect for a quick slip on to go to the garden or anywhere else . Love the color .
 I always tried to get by with leftover shoes or cheap flip flops for gardening . I told myself it would n't make a big difference if I had gardening shoes or not.After stepping on sharp sticks and getting bitten by ants wearing flip flops , I realized I needed a change . I wore these clogs for four hours while weeding using a tool that lets you stand up to remove weeds - so I was on my feet for hours . The only part of me not sore by the end of the day were my feet.These are comfy , heavy duty , waterproof , and just what you need for gardening or yard work . If you buy anything this year for your gardening toolbox , pick these clogs .
 This is my 3rd pair of Sloggers . I keep one pair by the back door , one by the front and one reserved for working in the chicken coop . They keep my feet and floors clean since I am not tracking in dirt . I would not take off my shoes at the door if they were not easy on and off.I love that these are made in the USA . I love that they last forever . And I love Amazon 's great price on these . Unlike some of the other reviewers , I would not be caught dead wearing them in public . They do look a little like clown shoes .
 My daughter asked for gardening clogs for her birthday . I found these and she is delighted with them . Her word
 Absolutely love these `` made-for-wet '' ground clogs . Tried `` crocs '' and that 's exactly what they were . These , however , feel good , perform as they should and fit well .
 I used to wear `` anywheres '' ; wore through 4 pairs in the past dozen years . These are a good substitute and are wide enough for thicker socks until the weather really turns and I switch to `` muckboots '' . Great item for price . I bought 2 pairs in case these become dicontinued or unavailable as did the'anywears '' . I would buy again for sure-I hope they last ; doing well after 6 months ; '
 I bought these shoes just to work outside . However , they are so comfortable and so fun , I wear them to the grocery , to the mall , just about everywhere . What a great little find .
 I just love these sloggers and from the get go too ! They fit perfect ! Be sure to go up 1/2 size . They are comfortable and easy to leave at the door when your hands are full ! And I can hose them off cuz of course they are water proof . I will be spreading the word to all my friends and family and even I will get extras . Comfortable people ;-RRB- Perfect garden shoe , ty sloggers for giving this customer complete satisfaction . Aloha : -RRB-
 These clogs fit great . They slip on and off easily . They keep my feet dry and clean . Whould recommend this to any gardener .
 The product was as described in ad , very happy with my purchase . would recommend to a friend to buy this product .
 I just bought these to replace a similar pair I got three years ago . I wear them a lot , and they 're very comfortable . This pair feels a bit more snug than the ones they replaced , which is too bad because I often wear them with socks , but overall they 're a very good everyday show for me -LRB- and yes , I also wear them in the garden -RRB- .
 I mainly wanted to review this item to let other readers know that I personally found the sizing true to normal . I normally wear a 9 in most shoes , and the size 9 of the Sloggers fit perfectly . I am not wearing this item with thick socks though , and if I was then I would most likely go for a size up.I have not had a chance to extensively test the shoes yet , but they are super comfortable and I like the way they fit and look . I also like the fact that they are made in the USA .
 These clogs are just what my wife was looking for . They are a well made , quality product that fits and looks great . Would highly recommend these to anyone looking for outside clogs . They slip right on , look good , feel good and she loves the color .
 These clogs are not only practical , but exceptionally comfortable ! I bought them so I could kick them off and would n't be tracking grass and dirt into the house but they feel so good on my feet that I do n't want to take them off . Simple to slip on and remove and they clean up easily . Every gardener should own at least one pair.Update
 Loved these as soon as I got them out of the packaging . Excellent quality and very comfortable . Not heavy or clunky . If you are thinking of getting a pair of garden clogs , I highly recommended these . Size runs large . I am normally a 8/8 .5 and size 9 fitted perfectly .
 I 've had this pair of Sloggers for more than a year now and started wearing them daily when my mom was in the hospital recently . Before that time , I 'd wear them only occasionally , like when I was working in the basement on the concrete floor , or outdoors . But wearing them daily for over two weeks really helped to aleve my foot and toe problems and pain . I think the Sloggers have even helped my knee pain some . I 'll probably buy another pair or two of this particular style .
 I was replacing a pair of garden shoes from LL Bean . These are great and very compfortable . They are not completely tight fiting , but they make it easy to come in from outside and flip them on an off . I recommend them .
 My best friend recently gave me a pair of the Geisha Blue Clog Sloggers in size 8 . I told her I feel like the little Dutch Girl in my blue shoes . I absolutely love them and am wearing them as I write this . They are extremely comfortable . I also have Sloggers Boots , which are great for yard work and if I were to get another pair of boots I would choose 1/2 size larger for ease of getting on and off , and also another pair of Midsummer Shoes , which my son calls my Hippie Shoes because he thinks it looks like a marajuana plant on the front . They are all wonderful , water proof , and attractive . I have an ongoing pink `` Betty 's Bag '' for little presents I find for my best friend and she has a `` Gwen 's Goodies '' bag for me . We may go weeks or even months sometimes without seeing each other so that when we do we always look forward to not only seeing each other but to our treats . These Geisha Blue Sloggers are my best July treat .
 I 've worn these for gardening and yardwork for almost a year now , and they have held up quite well . I generally take a size 7.5 in shoes ; the size 7 here fits a little loosely without socks or just about perfect with socks . They have been comfortable to wear for hours at a time , and the sole is thick enough that I can stomp down a shovel without my feet crying for mercy like they were in my tennies . The low lip on the back had me worried about walking out of them , but it has n't happened even once yet . If these fell apart tomorrow , I 'd still happily buy another pair - but they do n't look like they 'll fall apart anytime soon !
 Very comfortable shoes for walking out in the yard and garden . Keeps your feet dry . Does n't slip off the back of my heels .
 Best garden shoe I 've ever owned . Very , very comfortable . Easy to slip in and out of . Definitely keeps your feet dry .
 These are good for wet climates ; they , re very sturdy , non-slip , with a comfy inner lining . Love finding these on sale !
 Just what I needed for use in the early morning and for gardening . Easy to clean and very comfortable to wear
 Very heavy-duty gardening she . Only complaint is everyone stated it ran small so I got a larger size and it 's too big .
 Great shoes for anything you do outdoors around the house . I use mine when working in my vegetable garden and cleaning up after the dog . Then I just hose them down and they 're ready for the next time .
 Well so my mother-in-law tells me . Obviously these were bought as a long distance gift and my mother-in-law loves them . So now I have to get them for my wife apparently !
 The product is nicely made and looks like it will last . I take a size 7-1/2 shoe , so I purchased the size 8 since I thought the size 7 might be too small . The size 8 is quite big on me , and I have to use socks to make the fit work . If you buy a half size shoe , I would order the next size down in this .
 I really like the Sloggers , in fact I bought a second pair with high ankle length and -- in a size larger . They just run a little short , and since they are rubber they do n't stretch at all . They are perfect for gardening and for walking in wet grass . I hose them off and remove insert to wash and dry them in the sun .
 Ok , folks ... both guys and gals who garden do barn chores or are just in and out of town on errands -LRB- well , maybe not YOUR town , but ours here in Maine are pretty informal -RRB- these are the most comfy garden clogs ever . This is my second pair and we just received a pair for my husband as well . My old ones I literally wore to `` smooth bottoms '' . One thing , though , they do run small , so order up a half size at least . -LRB- My husband ordered a men 's size 12 which fits his 11 shoe size foot perfectly . I ordered women 's 9 and wear size 8 or 8.5 shoes -RRB- They 're made in the USA ... what more could you ask for ?
 Very pleased . Even if covered in mud , after walking through grass , the mud just disappears , does not get caught in the creases easily . Was worried about the size . I wear a normal width 7 1/2 , the 8 's fit great , I think the 7 's would be too small . They are comfortable and excellent for working in the garden or being out in the backyard after the grass has been mowed . Dry fast , if the insides get a little wet from dew , etc. . Color is very nice and pleasing in person . I 've been looking for these for awhile !
 I bought these for my mom for mother 's day . She is a gardener who loves green and she said these made her feel loved . She did n't take them off ! Highly recommended . I got a great deal with super fast shipping .
 For a quick trip to the mailbox , the garbage can or to get the newspaper on a rainy day , these are perfect . They are so light weight , my toddler grandson puts them on and walks around the house . Great in a wet garage or in that mud you ca n't avoid . Slip on , slip off , I really like them .
 When I think of the athletic shoes I ruined working out in the garden , I ask myself why I did n't get these sooner . They are so well made , comfortable and very durable . Plus they come in such fun colors for summer gardening . They get muddy and all I do is rinse them off and let them dry . A few times I have slipped them on just to go run errands . They 're cute with jeans!As for fit , my foot is a little wide which works well for this shoe . My husband who has a narrow foot had to return the men 's version because they would not stay on . Too bad they do n't make these in half sizes .
 I had a pair of these Sloggers for ten years.The soles are now worn smooth and are too slippery in the wet grass.I purchased this new pair at a price cheaper than the original pair . The new color selection was nice . Love the Kiwi green color.I originally purchased a Size 7 that was a bit small with a low cut sock . However the problem of not giving a five star rating enters here , as they are not available in half sizes.I usually wear a size 7 1/2 The size eight is a bit too large but a heavier sock helps and my toes are not cramped after wearing all day.They are easily cleaned and look great for years.Much more supportive than other clogs.I am a Master Gardener and I love these Sloggers .
 I absolutely love these clogs ! They are so comfortable and easy to clean I wear them daily to walk the animals and do yard work . Just hose off and you are ready to go again ! They are the most comfy gardening clog I have ever owned , and I had to come back and get another pair ! I wear them for many other occasions than yard work . like quick trips to the store or walking to the mailbox , etc. . The insole is removable , too , with antimicrobial coating . I ca n't recommend these highly enough .
 I wanted something I could slip on when I needed to run outside for something minor . They are so comfortable I wear them to town , too . Love them !
 I found it ! The perfect gardening shoe that is durable AND comfortable AND cute ! Got these this week and I was surprised about the cushioning . Also , I am normally a size 7.5-8 and I got 8 's . They are very well fitted , not a ton of room to `` slosh '' around . I assume they will stretch out a bit as well so I kind of appreciate that .
 Great product . Very comfortable shoe . A handy alternative to gum boots and perfect for use on wet or muddy lawns .
 Like the shoes ; fits well , seems durable and for the price should have bought 2 pairs . I well be using it this summer for backyard works . It is just a little bit heavy but for for the price i can not complain much .
 Seem to be well made and I think they will be comfortable , when I get the correct size . Going by other reviews that said they fit true to size , I ordered an 8 . My toes were jammed against the end . I am SO disappointed to have to return and reorder !
 We have a small quail farm in S. California . Needed a shoe for mud , dirt and any thing a bird could put out . These work great . Easy on an off . Clean up easy and do n't hurt my feet . Great to use in my garden too . Got one size larger like suggested and worked out fine . Plan on getting a pair for a friends birthday coming up . Suceq
 These Sloggers are the best looking & most comfortable plastic clogs I 've had in the past 12 years . First ones were French from the Galleries LaFayettes and served me in mud , rain , gardening and as indoor slippers and all around slip-on shoes . Then came a pair shaped like the first just like Swedish Clogs with the wooden sole , only plastic . Both pairs died by splitting across the sole . Duct tape was not a good fix . Now I 've been introduced to Sloggers which are fitted with arch support , a removable sole and attractive profile . They 're definitely the best in my experience -- comfortable with & without socks , indoors & out . The slightly raised back by the heel provides better splash protection than the original clogs and still allows for easy on and off . I will definitely buy Slogger Clogs from now on !
 What a great treat to see such a quality clog , perfect fit , suitable to wear around the house , for errands and gardening and made in America , AMAZING
 I purchased this second pair of clogs because I found my first pair to be so handy and comfortable . Although I intended to wear these clogs strictly for gardening -LRB- they 're a snap to hose off and dry quickly when hung toe-side-up -RRB- , I found myself wearing them for quick trips to the store during rainy weather and even wore them when I had bus duty at school one rainy week . I discovered when I wear these clogs with even a light pair of socks , my feet stay warm as well as nice and dry . I especially appreciate the treads on the sole which keep the possibility of slipping to a minimum -- when that `` rain '' turns to snow/ice -LRB- yes , this happens in Montana from time to time :-RRB- .
 I purchased my first Sloggers 10 years ago and just got another pair , not to replace the old ones , but to have a second pair . You might think I do n't wear them much , but I live in them at home three seasons out of the year . They are flexible enough to be comfortable yet strong and sturdy enough to use with a shovel or digging fork . I wear an 8.5 but got an 8 in these . When they arrived I thought they 'd be too small , but the liner conforms to the foot and that takes a couple wearings . Now the new pair is just as comfortable as the old ones . There are few products in my life that I consider perfect for the job , so I mean it when I say these are the best !
 This clog works as advertised . It is comfortable to wear , allows for walking without slipping in all kinds of conditions , including on grass with early morning dew and after rain . I started using it as soon as I received it and have used it every day since when I go outside . I use it so far when mowing the yard and doing all kinds of garden chores , except for digging holes with a spade . And very important , it is easy to clean both the outside -LRB- hose or wipe off -RRB- , and removable inner sole can be washed , dried and reused . A very useful product .
 The only shoe you need for gardening and yardwork ! My old pair just wore out after three years of almost daily wear , so I went for the lovely blue ones . They are just as comfortable , thanks to the special lining inside the shoe and the removable inner sole -LRB- grass klippings , anyone ? -RRB- . Did you ever think , ykes , rubber shoes = sweaty feet ? not with this special lining ! Easy to get in and out of , comfortable , and a lovely color - can not ask for more !
 Great shoe for the garden and just running round . I found them to be very comfortable . Price was great .
 These are by the back door and I have used them in nice weather , rainy weather and dew-soaked grass and my feet stay nice and dry . Very comfortable too !
 After cutting my feet and getting a nasty splinter in my foot , I ordered these . OMG they are wonderful . Very comfy , I want to wear them everywhere . Just one thing , I wear a size 8 and ordered a size 9 and they fit great.Update 9-18-11 ... What can I say but I still love these shoes and have wore them on errands and such . When gardening I would hose down the inside of the shoes with cold water and it would stop me from getting overly hot and sweaty . Love , love , love ...
 I really enjoy wearing my sloggers for gardening . They give plenty of support and are very comfortable . This is my second pair , because some animal stole 1 of my shoes off my back deck ! Ordered a new pair within a day because I could n't be with out them !
 I have a huge yard , which requires lots of walking and going in and out of house , these shoes are a God send.I have developed a neuroma on sole of foot , but with these shoes I can still continue to do all my work withoutmuch pain . Also , with Amazon the shoes arrived quickly and cheaper . Mucho Gracias
 These are better than crocs for gardening as they have no holes to get your feet wet when watering or digging in wet ground . They also have very thick soles that let me dig with a shovel which I could n't do with the thin soled croc type . I also love them as house slippers as they are so comfortable . Only thing I do n't like is there are no half sizes after 9 's . I have to wear thick socks with my 10 's if I need to keep them from slipping . And as with any rubber shoe of this type , they can slip , so no hiking in them . Amazon is cheaper than the gardening catalogs .
 These work well in the garden , they run a little short , so if you wear socks I may order a size up . They rinse off with the hose and dry quickly
 I purchased these clogs for my daughter for her birthday . Although she does n't have them yet , I did try them on . They were comfortable , lightweight , and very attractive in Kiwi green . My husband has a pair of men 's Sloggers and loves them .
 I like them . They 're comfortable , fit well , and the color is cute . They are easy to keep clean - just hose them off . It 's also easy to slip them off and on . No complaints so far !
 These have quickly become my favorite shoe of all time ! Depending on the shoe , I either wear an 8 1/2 or a 9 and ordered a Sloggers size 9 . Perfect fit . -LRB- I did read all reviews before purchasing this clog because I know quite a few people had issues with size . -RRB- If you wear a 1/2 size , I suggest ordering up . The inserts are removable for washing and the clog itself is easily hosed off . I 'm glad I chose this specific Sloggers clog - it is so comfortable & it suits me perfectly !
 I have had 2 pairs of garden clogs in the past . One pair split at the short seam down the back of the heel , and the other pair was uncomfortable . After retiring , I find that I 'm in the garden much more often and decided to give garden clogs another try . These are a winner . The removable insole is cushioned and can be washed for freshness when needed . The sizing is correct and they are well-made . There is enough room , but not so much that my foot slides around too much . A good buy .
 fabulous clogs , i wash them in warm soapy water after gardening and can wear them as rain clogs ! they are very sturdily made , i love the colour , they are so comfy and the price is very competitive . service is prompt ... what more can you ask ?
 I love these shoes.No qualifications to that statement . Well , maybe a little one . Let them dry out completely between extended wearings.Family members will be receiving them throughout the next several years as gifts . Purchased for wearing in the garden , but forget to change out of them most of the time.I love the fact that they are also made in the USA . Support our economy and our infrastructure .
 Well , I went and did it . I bought a pair of the Premium clogs and now I am ruined for the other ones.The original Sloggers clogs have always been my standard shoe all spring , summer and fall for working in the yard , painting , or doing anything that might get messy or wet . They have plenty of support so that you can climb ladders without killing your arches . The closed PVC toe keeps you from breaking your tootsies if you drop a hammer or something heavy or pointed on them and the bottoms are just thick enough that if you stepped on something sharp and undesirable , you wo n't impale your foot . -LRB- So , I use them for house repairs , mowing , painting , gardening , and decorating as well -RRB- . The best part if that they can be hosed off , so if you step in dog poo at the dog park , or drop paint or step in mud , no problem . They can be scrubbed and do n't have straps to break or stretch . Your sweat makes the original Sloggers vacuum seal onto your feet , so I never wear them with socks.Besides just being pretty , these Premium clogs have a cushion in the bottom that feels great , is removable and washable . It makes them much more comfortable to run around to stores , which is great for wandering all over Home Depot to find that object you forgot to get to finish whatever project you are working on -RRB- . You can go straight from the yard to the store and back and not have to change shoes . And even wearing them bear , the bottoms of your feet wo n't turn into callous-mats like flip flops will.Premium Sloggers are head and shoulders better than flip flops or summer sandals for daily wear . Keep your sandals for dates and wear these Sloggers for everything else .
 I wear size-7 .5 in a regular shoe and got size-8 Sloggers . My feet are not super wide , but not narrow either . The Sloggers are a perfect fit . I have been wearing Sloggers for a couple of weeks now . They are very comfortable , and I have been wearing them not only in the garden or washing the car , but when I have to do quick errands in the rain . Yesterday , it was pouring and I actually wore them to work , so I was in Sloggers for about 12 hours ! I had no problems at all . I was as comfortable in the evening as I was in the morning . My feet were NOT hot and sweaty despite not taking them off for such a long time.Sloggers are a bit heavier than I expected . They are made of rubberized material top and bottom . No openings anywhere , so they are very good for walking in wet grass . Surprisingly , my feet do not get too hot despite having no ventilation in the shoe . The sole of the shoe is nicely textured . I am attaching a photo which shows the top and the bottom of the shoe . Next to the shoe I positioned a ruler so you can see how high the back of the shoe rises . The back is not totally open , it has a slight rise which help to keep your foot firmly in the shoe . The bottom of the show has some padding , so it provides nice support for the foot and is responsible for very comfortable feeling . And of course they are very easy to put on and take off , which is very handy when your hands are covered with dirt from the garden.The second photo I am attaching to this review shows my foot wearing the shoe , hopefully this gives a better idea of the look and fit than just the shoe by itself . In a close-up you can see a bit of room in the back - the difference between size-7 .5 foot and size-8 shoe.The men a work made fun of the shoes , they thought they were ugly -LRB- what do they know ? -RRB- , but I think they are cute plus very comfortable and functional .
 Some years ago I was shopping in a garden store and came across a rack of shoes called Sloggers and were advertised as great garden shoes . I bought them.I kept them by the door and wore them for out door shoes.I 've always had problems with my feet no matter what shoes I wore.I soon realized my feet did n't hurt at all no matter how long I wore my Sloggers.I started wearing them a lot and even out to shop etc.Not to long ago I was looking at shoes on Amazon and spotted Sloggers shoes in some fun colors.I ordered two pair and they are just as wonderful and comfortable as the first pair I had bought many years ago.If you have ever had problems with your feet you will be able to identify with me that no matter what the shoes look like or were made to wear for , if they are as comfortable as my Sloggers are ... . it makes no difference ...
 comfy , easy slip on and off and hose them down at the end of the day :-RRB- Great price too :-RRB- My only complain is they dont come in half sizes . I wear an 8 1/2 so I bought the 8 and they are fine .
 Sloggers 260KW08 Women 's Premium Clogs are a fantastic pair of shoes for my feet not only for gardening , but for walking in many conditions . I usually wear a size 7.5 shoe , wear a 37 medium in Birkenstocks and the size 8 Sloggers are very fine for me . I likely could also fit into a 7 , but because I 'd like to wear socks if I desire , I followed the recommendations of others and moved up a size rather than down . Another consideration I had when ordering was that when I work , particularly in the summertime , my feet swell , so I sized up . An advantage of these clogs over many others is that their insoles make for a softer , more cushioned feel and they are removable for cleaning or airing out . I find that wearing these requires no socks in the garden , a huge pro for me since my socks become filthy when I wear Crocs clogs . The Sloggers put the Crocs to shame even though they are heavier . I much prefer the feel and appearance of their real sole rather than a self molded one piece shoe . The black sole is a nice contrast , as is the black interior and the bottom of the sole has a lovely swoosh type design in the Kiwi color . Walking in dirt or mud is not an issue because these shoes can be hosed off . The design of the clogs has a rear which is a bit elevated , so your heel is a little more protected than in other clogs . I 've worn Birkenstock shoes for many , many years and now that I 've discovered Sloggers , I have an alternate manufacturer to choose from , and these are made in the USA ! These are great gardening shoes which are nice enough to wear all day inside or out .
 These clogs are beautiful and just what I was looking for . They do run a bit small and wish I would have exchanged them for one larger size , but never did . I would find them a bit uncomfortable if I had to wear them for a good part of the day .
 These shoes are as advertised . I use them in the garden and for pottery - great . Maybe the sizing runs a little small , they are more comfortable with a pair of socks . Glad I got them .
 These green cloggers were an excellent choice for garden shoes and wearing around my studio . They slip off my feet easily when I come in and out of the house , yet my feet fit snuggly inside the shoe . I did see a similar pair without the liner in a store -LRB- at a lower price -RRB- , but they did n't have the lining on the inside . The lining offers a firm cushion for my foot inside the shoe.In my studio and outside for gardening the sole gives a firm grip on the ground . Walking across rocks , up and down hills , or climbing a ladder , I always feel safe .
 I purchased these for quick outdoor chores and I love them . They stay on well ... can even put them on over my isotoner type slippers . Clean up quick and easy , comfortable , I 'm glad I bought them .
 This was just what I wanted ... a clog type shoe without holes . Very strudy . I usually wear an 8 1/2 ... ordered a 9 and they fit well .
 JUST LOVE THESE GARDEN SHOES . tHEY ARE SO COMFORTABLE AND FIT LIKE A GLOVE . TtHEY KEEP MY FEET CLEAN AND DRY WHILE I AM WORKING IN THE YARD . I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM TO EVERYONE .
 They fit and are comfortable and keep my feet dry little on the heavy side well made hard to find in my area
 This is my second pair of sloggers but I still wear the old ones . The only reason I bought a new pair is my old ones have some paint stains and just wanted a fresh pair . I like these for gardening as the sole is very thick and it does n't hurt the arch when digging . Easy to slip on and off . Great product ! It is also very comfortable .
 I already had Crocs but decided to try these for garden work and they are much more comfortable and look better too . I now use them for rainy days , and running errands as well as gardening . The footbed on the premium is great . Wish they came in tamer colors but the Kiwi is fun .
 I wasted a lot of money buying other clogs that looked pretty in the photo with their floral or other type design , but were just not the quality and easy-fitting shoe this one is . Because it 's got a thicker , sturdier upper , you can slip your foot right in without using your fingers . They 're very comfortable and last a long time.I keep a pair by each door for running outside for the mail or to potty our dogs . They feel so good on my painful feet I walk my dogs or run to the store in them as well . They 're perfect for warm or cool weather and keep my feet dry and warm in rain and snow.Unlike when I wore the clog with the floppy upper my feet do n't sweat in them and they do n't look like gardening shoes . Love them !
 I have been wearing Sloggers for years but the premium ones with a good removeable insole are hard to find . After looking everywhere I almost gave up . I was so glad to find them on Amazon.com and at a low price ! Good durable outdoor shoes .
 I have been lucky enough to acquire a home with many -LRB- 20 + -RRB- mature rose bushes , which must be deadheaded every year . The only work gloves I have ever found to be flexible enough while protecting my hands against rose thorns have been goatskin , and these gloves are the best goatskin gloves I have ever seen . They have never been penetrated by a rose thorn .
 We were really expecting a piece of junk , but pleasantly surprised by this item . It works well , especially the detector . It spins a little slow and in daylight you can forget about seeing the laser light -LRB- but it does come with the detector , so it 's not a big deal . -RRB- Also it 's a little bit of a pain to use it for corners , you have to mount it on it 's side . HOWEVER for a squaring laser , you ca n't get anything near this price and it did the job it was bought for , so we are happy with it and would recommend it .
 This was exactly what I thought it would be.great value for the money.Shipped fast and got to me in great shape .
 Have used over 6 months building a number of cabinets and other projects . Sets different size brad nails perfect every time under variable air pressures 50 to 100 lbs in both hard and soft woods . Highly recommend for price points .
 The Hitachi 1-1/4 brad nailer is a great tool for attaching moldings . It was able to neatly counter-sink brads into solid oak . It 's a bit louder than other nailers , but once you see the results , you wont care . My set came with instructions , warranty card and safety glasses . There was no oil or brads included .
 We 're furniture store and use it quite often during the week . Works great , light weight , good grip , decent noise level , affordable price . Get it , you 'll love it .
 Called Schalge up -LRB- their chat does n't work ... -RRB- and they told me this thing 's been out since 2000 ! Had only I known ... because my door latchways fit these perfectly -LRB- well , I 'm guessing so since my old knobs are Schlage and this is Schlage as well -RRB- , and I installed Master Lock knobs on my room door recently . Son of a gun required further buffing of my door 's latchway because , idiotically , the rectangular part of the knob 's latch requires a bigger hole to fit through than the cylindrical part . Stupid ! Schlage has it right though -LRB- it 's only common sense Schlage 's way is more appropriate -RRB- . Giving it a 5 star now for my great expectiations until I buy and test out.-UPDATE-And what do you know , just as I 'd imagined ! It 's even better than the Master Lock version in that one , it 's a brighter brass than Master Lock 's `` Bright Brass '' knob , two , its key looks better than ML 's -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- and even goes in the knob smoother , and three , the knob itself looks a little more sophisticated -LRB- has a few ridges around the keyhole -RRB- . Definitely recommend this at this price ! And Amazon 's a seller . I 'm surprised this does n't come up as one of the first search results and that no one reviewed it yet . Sure Master Lock may be more popular , but this is the better choice for the everyday keyed knob .
 Schlage is an excellent product and Amazon is an excellent source . I replaced all of our interior hardware with Schlage from Amazon .
 I have been coaching middle school volleyball for 8 years and club volleyball for 4 years . This rotation locator is a must have , especially if you coach younger girls . The red area is the service position and you simply turn the transparent cover each time your team rotates . It also has a place to keep up with time outs and substitutions . On the back is a court to draw on . It comes with a dry erase marker that has an eraser on the top of it . I left my last rotation locator at a tournament site and was quickly on the computer when I got home to order a new one . Almost everywhere I travel coaches are asking me where to get one . It is a must have for me !
 I used some of the clear version of these as safety glasses and thought they were comfortable and adjustable to fit almost any face . Then I found they were available tinted and thought they would make good sunglasses . They are not dark enough for full sun .
 This is an excellent flashlight . You as with all flashlights need to keep batteries out of the light . Then it is always very bright .
 Replaced a previous version of this pump after 8 years of operation . This one is easier to wire for 220v or 110v . Very quiet operation and was up and running with very little installation effort .
 fast delivery , easy to install and works great at a good price , This is the thrird motor I 've replaced on my pool in 13 years .
 These nails work flawlessly with my Bostitch nailgun , I have nothing bad to say besides I feel bad for the UPS guy cause it 's heavy ,
 Bought a new Framing nailer and a box of nails . Nailer is fantastic and the nails , box and packing came through shipping in fine shape . Ca n't say enough about the price and quality of Bostitch nailers and nails .
 I was a little leary of buying nails via mail but they came through without a scratch all usable and a groovey price ,
 This product works well . I bought both the right and the left crown stops and it does make crown work faster . I have been an old school guy who learned to cut crown laying flat on the saw table . The past few years I have been cutting crown standing up with out stops . It still takes a good eye -LRB- or a tape measure -RRB- to set the stops.The stops are much easier than doing it by eye , They do n't work well on pieces much shorter than 12 inches but if you draw a pencil line or tape a line on the saw table between the stops you can still get good results.Only down side is they are a little expensive .
 Easy to install easy to adjust and makes cutting perfect miters every time.great for trimming houses because you can remove it and your crown stop position stays locked in
 For the most part they work well except on short pieces . While not heavy duty , they get the job done . If you plan to buy the supports , also order the Hitachi 321387 Sub-fence . The price is the biggest problem , but time is money .
 When you use these nails you know that their the best you can buy . So far no troubles with them . I do repair work on homes and apartments and they help save time ! They hold well and nail in with less air pressure !
 using these nails will match the nailer 's brand . So far no troubles with them . I do repair in my home and and do different projects . these nails help save time ! They hold well and nail in with less air pressure !
 I needed these specific nails since I am building a house by myself . Both local hardware stores are supplied only by Ace and they do n't carry these nails . Ace Hardware has diminished the choices offered at hardware stores and making finding a product like this require a mail order purchase . Our Ace stores sell every nail and screw by the piece whether you buy one nail or a one hundred piece box.With these nails , I should be able to get the house that I designed - framed .
 Needed this extended flange to install our new Waste King 9940 Legend Series 3/4 HP Continuous Feed Operation Waste Disposer , due to the thickness of our fireclay farm sink . The fit and finish are exceptional ; no stamped name or logo on the exposed flange rim , just smooth stainless steel ! This flange sells for more than double this price elsewhere -LRB- as do extended flanges for most other disposer manufacturers -RRB- . Installation of both the Waste King flange and disposer were a breeze , and we are thrilled with both the quality or value .
 Works perfectly with my new farmhouse sink . Good quality , no name stamped on top and not as pricey as others I have seen .
 I needed this asap as the flange that came with the Waste King was not long enough for my sink . This fit perfectly and Amazon had the best price .
 I purchased a granite sink and realized the garbage disposal I had would not work because the sink was too thick . Purchased this as well as the Waste King 9920 disposal and I was able to install it no problem .
 I was replacing my old Insinkerator garbage disposal with a new Wasteking 9980 3-bolt mount , but the supplied flange was not long enough due to the white corian sink hole being much thicker than the typical stainless steel sink , so I just needed a longer flange . I dropped this one in , and I was now able to get the mounting ring to lock onto the three little flared tabs on the flange and all is well . There was even a plastic dress flange that fit inside the old flange -LRB- which was stainless -RRB- to color match the sink , and this even fit inside this new flange . Although I did not need to use the plastic flange , it does match the slightly off white appearance of the sink better then the pure white flange , so it looks like nothing ever change , except for a beast of a new disposal capability.I could not find this flange at any local retail places , and the local places did not even have a stainless extended flange , so thank you Amazon for have some fairly niche products !
 It turned out that this part was not required for my job , but it was delievered fast and I received a prompt refund .
 I bought this flange hoping it would work with my InSinkErator disposal . No such luck . The snap ring groove is too deep and the plate pulled over it when I tightened the plate . Nothing wrong at all with the extender , just not for an ISE . Home Depot sells them on line for $ 55.00 with free shipping -LSB- ... -RSB- or from ISE directly for $ 25.00 plus 7-10 working days to get it and shipping cost . HD was much faster and worth the extra $ 30 bucks . Still much cheaper than the Whitehaus flange for $ 138.00 . I have a Whitehaus 3719 farm sink and a septic assist disposal . Any questions , email oilpatch007@gmail.com . Glad to help out .
 I bought this because my old , Garrity flashlight that I bought over 15 years finally outlived it 's usefulness . So , after seeing this one as a Daily Deal on Ebay , I decided to go to Amazon for reviews on this product . Not only was I convinced to buy one due to the great reviews , it was even less to purchase it from this site ! I agree that it 's a great flashlight for your automobile , which was what it will be used for !
 This is the best small flashlight I have ever owned . It is excellent in every way
 This is a review of the 2aaa version of the hard case light , not the 2aa version . Mine says made in 2007 . I just got this light at Home Depot . I have several high-end fenix led lights , but this light is actually quite impressive for the ~ 15 dollars I paid for it . It puts out 30 lumens or so from a single LED . Probably a luxeon . 30 lumens seems accurate . It 's somewhat brighter than a streamlight microstream or stylus pro , but with a blueish tint -- kind of expected with lower end led 's sadly . It is actually a fairly nice beam though overall . The lens is plastic and I 'm guessing the reflector is too -LRB- painted -RRB- . The light is ergonomic and does seem like it would survive a beating . This version says it would survive a 15 foot drop as opposed to 30 , but that 's probably because it does n't have `` soft '' rubber around it , but instead harder rubber/plastic . Still seems very durable . Machined aluminum LED flashlights have superior components and build quality -LRB- think Fenix -RRB- , but I actually wonder if they would survive long drops or hits better than a light like this because they would n't `` absorb '' much impact or vibration unless components inside the light are isolated . My guess is Fenix lights would still do better , but I do n't feel like using my own lights to test such theories ... : -RRB- This light has a nylon pouch which gives it even more protection!It is very ergonomic as well which is a big plus . It is smooth and has a lot of plastic with steel inside so it wo n't make your hands too cold or hot.The inside contacts of course are not anywhere near the quality of a high end Fenix light which is why it 's not very expensive , but I still like it.Overall this is a very good light and I would highly recommend it if you are just looking for a good light to use around the house .
 Terrific flashlight . Imagine a flashlight that does n't have to be jiggled to make it work -- you just press the button and the light comes on . Tough , durable , and surprisingly bright for its size . I use it often for my work in wet , cold food processing environments , and it has n't let me down yet .
 I actually bought this flashlight as a toy for my 2 year old . She loves playing with flashlights . In any case , it has great light output for it 's size and the LED lets the batteries live much longer . I have n't replaced them once which is very important . My other flashlights need new batteries every 2 weeks . It 's just perfect for working around the house -LRB- when I can get it away from my daughter that is -RRB- .
 During the golden age of inexpensive flashlights , Duracell made a flashlight that was durable -LRB- of course -RRB- , bright , light in weight , cheap -LRB- about $ 4 -RRB- and long lasting . They were rectangular things with two AA batteries and krypton bulbs and they lasted for years . Even when they finally broke the company replaced them . I had one in each car and a couple around the house . They were ideal for taking on walks when you notice a few extra ounces and unnecessary bulk . They did n't roll off tables because they were n't round tubes like all the other flashlights . -LRB- In my opinion that 's how most flashlights end up falling . They roll off a surface . -RRB- You could hold it in your teeth and use your hands for something else . It did n't catch on anything when you put it in your pocket.The new thing is LED 's . There are nice things about them like the way the light they give you is even and the fact that they 're much less drain on batteries . They 're never quite as bright though and nobody seems to make one that fits in your pocket like the old Duracell . This Energizer HardCase is about the closest thing I 've found . It claims to be able to survive a 30 foot drop which is believable because of all the heavy rubber around the bulb and the other end of the light . I ca n't imagine why I 'd drop a flashlight that far . I do n't usually do roofing at night but the light just looks rugged and manly . It has prominent screwheads on display that give it the precision industrial look of an expensive new jet engine . If they put some wheels on it , it would indistinguishable from a Humvee . It probably could be mistaken for part of a pistol and I 'll bet it weighs three times what the old Duracell light weighed , but they just do n't make them like that anymore because , most likely , people do n't buy them like that anymore.The light is bright . I think I can find the switch easily even in total darkness and I believe it is rugged . For now this is one of the best small flashlights on the market .
 This is a flashlight that I use in the morning to let myself see what I 'm going to wear the day , while keeping my girlfriend happy in bed , undisturbed . The beam from this light is narrow , the light is n't particularly bright , but has quite a throw distance . It 's definitely a spotting light , as the beam does not flood an area , but instead concentrates evenly upon one spot thanks to the lens.The build quality on this really does convince me that this light will survive quite the fall . O-rings are proof that it 's at least somewhat durable , although the steel plating on the sides make me imagine that getting it wet repeatedly will make it rust eventually.The clicky top is easy to locate , thanks to the ergonomic grip of the flashlight -LRB- which is also slightly rubberized to keep it from slipping out of your grasp or rolling away , also helped by its rectangular shape -RRB- and since the LED is super low drain , you can expect that this light will be there for you for quite some time on the shelf , in the car or wherever you use it.If you 're looking for an outdoor hiking flashlight , or something to use as a ` primary ' light , I do n't recommend this . There are far brighter lights for the same price . But for durability , this flashlight has the edge . I 've personally dropped it at 10 feet onto wood floor - I think the floor suffered more unfortunately for my apartment manager.To me personally , the flashlight is n't particularly heavy . It makes sense for its size , batteries and the amount of rubber used . It 's actually fairly light .
 I got this flashlight because I needed it to be durable and waterproof or at least water resistant . I also did n't want to spend a ton . This flashlight fits the bill . Seems durable , should take some abuse . The light emitted is more of a blueish color instead of totally white like on some other high-end models . It nevertheless is very bright and looks to be able to survive when dropped , etc. . Contrary to the other reviewer , this flashlight is not really that heavy so I 'm not sure what he 's compalining about - -RRB- I also like the switch which is very simple , just press and that 's it . No messing around with different beams , one setting , simple . Yet another thing that I like is that the flashlight is square so I can keep it in the glove compartment of my car and it wo n't rotate like the round flashlights , -LRB- hard to find a squre one -RRB- . I 'm very impressed with this flashlight and I think you will be too !
 I bought two of these for the car and are very pleased with them it passed the grand kids test -LRB- 3 and 5 -RRB- as far as drop on packed earth and into shallow water -LRB- 2ft . -RRB- on a camping trip and a good size for small hands the batteries lasted a 3 day trip the beam while not super powerful was a full and focused with no shadows and good for about 7 to 9 feet an A + plus product .
 well if you are like me a `` skeptic '' and do n't believe everything is as advertised , then test it . first thing i did with this flashlight was turn it on and throw it in the air around 15 times , letting it hit our hard tile floor . only once out of those 15 tosses did it turn off . that was around the 5th time i tossed it and it stayed on every time after . something did break loose in it -LRB- a piece of plastic somewhere -RRB- but it did n't affect its operation at all . i tried to disassemble it without success , in order to find the broken piece . and if your asking yourself why would someone do this . because i drop flashlights at work all the time and they do n't work right after a while . it really annoys me when i need light and i have to whack a flashlight to get it to work . so this is a good flashlight without a doubt . it is medium sized and good to fit in a glovebox -LRB- which is where i keep mine -RRB- . the light covers a medium diameter so i would n't recommend it for covering large areas . but it is very bright and has good distance . i bought it for emergency roadside use and it should work just fine for that . i definitely consider this a good purchase .
 This is a good flashlight . The rubber coating which serves to protect the flashlight does make it a little bulky for a AA flashlight . The beam is fairly narrow and that seems to limit its overall brightness . I picked up a couple of these discounted at Target , so I feel like I got a reasonable value , but if you would be paying the full price , the average person might do better looking at the products in the Energizer `` weather ready '' line .
 My Energizer TUF2AA1E HardCase looks just like this one but is in a package that is one pience of black plastic and difficult to open.After reading the reviews , I bought two of these and was skeptical because I have several LED flashlights with 3 bulbs which I would rate as 3s . This little light with batteries and with a Lifetime warranty is great and exceeds my expectations . It will even reach across our river which is about 75-100 yards and I did not expect it to do this!Yes , it is hell to get out of the package ... cut the two black plastic ties to get the light out , then use a flat screwdriver to pry out the batteries . The packaging is made of the toughest plastic that I have ever tried to cut.Interesting that my son said he had no problem getting his out of the packaging but I did and otheres did.Let 's hope it will last 50 hrs on the two AAs that came with it.So far after a month of use , I love it so much I ordered 5 more for Christmas stuffers . UPOD ... Under Promised and Over Delivered which is rare these days .
 Item is a very durable LED flash light . I ordered one for the home and liked it so much I purchased this latest one for my truck .
 Princeton Tec makes great flashlights , and this is no exception . It 's a small , compact , extremely handy light . I did n't expect much in terms of ligth output , but it 's actually surprisingly bright for an led flaslight . Battery life is great .
 Nice compact and bright . Focused beam is bright and battery life is good . Three nights with this light running an average of 6 - 8 hours each night and the beam shone bright and consistent .
 I camp alot and this is may favorite LED handheld . It is small , powerful and fits in the hand nicely . The beam it sends out is focused like a spotlight . The batteries last a LONG time . I have had it for about 2 years and have only changed the batteries once . It has been dropped several times but still works like a charm . I have not had any clip problems as stated in another review . I will be buying 2 more for my sons . I rate it 5 stars easily .
 When used with the Milwaukee 7145-21 Fininsh Air Nailer , these nails do a fine job of securing trim without splitting the wood . The nailer countersinks the narrow nail heads nicely . I used a very inexpensive air compressor , yet the nailer quickly set all the nails on the first shot.The only issue I had was that the nailer wo n't feed the last 8 nails for the row , but just drop in another row , and it picks up where it left off .
 We have two of these for our house . I recently purchased one for my mother . The lantern remains plugged into a receptacle and immediately comes on when there is a power failure . You can also take it off and use it for a regular flashlight . We have these so that if the lights go out , we have an emergency light that we can easily find . Then we use it to get to the larger lanterns . Never worry about the battery needing recharged . It would make an excellent gift for everyone on your list .
 we use this practically daily . always is charged . have not had to look up batteries ... what a great invention . if it ever fails I will purchase another one . would also make a nice practical gift for just about anyone on your list
 Great product , just wish they 'd advertise sold as pair . Hinges are great quality and add new character to my old cabinets .
 These tarps are your standard run-of-the-mill tarps you might see at the stores . The camouflage pattern is a nice feature for outdoor / hunting use . The underside is olive drab .
 This is a good allen wrench set , the ball-drive end is a nice feature that makes it easier to use at an angle . The star-drive set is a nice bonus . I recommend this set .
 The Allen wrenches are well made and come in an excellent assortment of sizes . The balldriver tip and long shaft make these wrenches particularly suited for hard-to-reach areas.I have not used the Torx wrenches , as I already have a set . The handle that the torx wrenches fold into is plastic and feels a little flimsy , but this is a `` bonus set '' and did n't influence my purchase decision .
 These are as solid as you think , and the holder allows for a quick sizing to occur while they 're still snugged in the set . The free fold up set is not really for serious use though because of the inability to torque aggressively at anywhere near a 90 degree .
 Could not ask for a better product for the price ! I have used bondhus wrenches for years now as a machines and I have never had one break on me like I have had other brands do .
 I purchased two boxes of nails and was afraid to get them all busted up , after I read the other reviews . But I bet there is maybe a total of two sticks worth of pieces . I mean a couple off the ends of sticks , to total 2 complete sticks . I would say there 99.8 % useable . Great price and free freight .
 I will be building a new line of custom outhouses for rural Mississippi Rednecks and I hope these are as good as the camo screws I got last year for Christmas .
 I 'm going to be honest . I run a logistics business and we have owned every pneumatic and cordless framing nailer you can think of , and we have gone through just about every name brand of nail possible . This is the best nail we have encountered simply because its good at its job . It drives through our nailers with minimum jams and breaks , it sets well in the wood , and the price is great . Nothing more to look to or compare about , its that simple . Amazon prime is a fantastic deal , ca n't count how much money we have saved in shipping .
 It is a pleasure to see the males circling and finally getting trapped . I hate them , love this .
 I have the bronze plated version of this doorbell -LRB- exactly the same design , but plated -RRB- and it is gorgeous ! It was also so easy to install ! All I had to do to get it at the correct angle was take the old doorbell off and put holes in the wall where I wanted the screws to go .
 This does what it 's supposed to
 I use this tape around the edges of my watercolor paper which is stretched on a board while I am painting . It is great because it does n't damage the paper and if you clean off the paint it gives the effect of a white mat while working on it .
 Okay , it 's console tape . If you have already dozed off reading this , I totally understand . But if you want to know , here is the scoop :1 . It sticks to your console well enough but not TOO well -LRB- e.g. comes off when you need it to -RRB- .2 . Works great with the ubiquitous Sharpie that all engineers carry -LRB- ink wo n't smudge once you 've written on it -RRB- .3 . If you leave it on after your gig -LRB- BAD engineer ! -RRB- , it will come off clean days later -- no goopy glue residue .
 I know this is n't the original use for this tape , but having used it for my artwork in the past , I knew how it came clean after using . So , fed up with the cold air blowing in around my closed and locked windows , I taped the joints around where the windows and the window frames met and wallah ! No more cold air blowing in.So much easier than the shrink wrap plastic over the entire window . It comes off clean as a whistle in the spring when you want to open your windows again ! I have white painted window frames and I did n't want to rip the paint off , so this tape worked where I would n't dare try something more adhesive . It leaves no sticky residue , no pulled up paint . Yeah , duct tape would keep the wind out , but good luck with it next spring ! Measure all the way around your windows , so you buy enough tape . : -RRB-
 I used this tape during the Christmas season to create ` panes ' on my large windows . I used to use electrical tape but this is much cheaper & removes much more cleanly & easily . I will be buying more for Christmas 2012
 Very easy to apply and writing on it is a breeze ! Glad I finally purchased it to organize my soundboard .
 No residue left behind on clear vinyl window material used for fabricating marine boat enclosures ! Tried many different tapes that always had to be cleaned up after use ... . This one works !!! Just had to think outside the box ... It sure beats the only alternative - $ 100.00 + / roll tape !!!
 Works out great ! Use it on our audio boards to identify the wireless mics as well as tabletop mics for our meetings .
 No sticky mess , and Sharpie contrasts clearly against the stunning white . I laughed , I cried , I labeled the drum channels .
 This is standard issue Artist 's Tape , also known to audio engineers as Console Tape or Board Tape . Unlike other normal masking tapes -LRB- or other , weaker tapes calling themselves artist 's tape -RRB- , the adhesive on this tape is perfect for being applied , written on with a sharpy , removed and `` stored '' -LRB- stuck to the wall -RRB- , and then later re-applied , many times if needed , always sticking firmly without leaving ANY gross residue behind on the nice equipment . In the recording studio , this stuff is a real life saver . It is perfect for labeling mixing console channels , rack gear , microphones and stands ... really anything you can think of , even guitars , basses , amps and drums ! And I do n't just use it in the studio ; anything requiring a short-term removable label gets this . It can also work well to damp out drum heads in a pinch !
 This is good board tape . Used for a church that was using name tags on the console , after some cleaning and replacing with this everything looks nice and the tape comes right off three weeks later ! Will be ordering more as needed .
 Good thickness for writing . Adhesive releases easily leaving no residue . Not terribly affected by heat . A perfectly adequate product for temporary console labeling .
 This 3/4 '' white tape is perfect for using on a mixing console . Stays put but comes off easily without any residue , even after a couple weeks : -RRB-
 No audio engineer should be without some sort of guide.This board tape was the perfect solution to mark my board.Peel on and Peel off ! How easy is that ?
 working in a darkroom for traditional photography all of last semester , this stuff became invaluable to have at my disposal . its pricey as far as tape goes , but it sticks when it needs to and peels of clean , unlike some masking tapes . This is a good investment for you artist out there .
 I bought this tape to use for labeling audio equipment used in a recent show with a theatre group I am part of . Tape stuck well and left no reside when I pulled it off . No complaints !
 I bought this to be more visible when I walk early in the AM . It works just fine for my needs . I tried , but could n't buy anything locally without getting needlessly complicated and spending more $ $ .
 Same quality as the ones costing three times as much locally.We have our company name screened on the back and they look great.Company was a little slow in getting the entire order here.Probably due to a `` Slow boat from China '' .
 A purchased this vest for running , after daylight saving time expired . Good construction , appears well made . I like the section of velco fastener is longer than my other vest , easier to use and `` re-close '' after opening on the run .
 I bought this for my step-dad because he frequently commutes to work via motorcycle . Not much to say about it I guess . It fits , it 's comfortable , and he can be seen a mile away by other drivers , even when its overcast . Good product .
 Used for lead volunteers at a soccer tournament . XL provided extra room for jackets underneath . Would recommend to buyers looking for high visibility
 We bought this vest to wear while riding bike on the highway this winter . Very visible and brite . Love it . I know people can see me a mile away .
 This vest is more yellow than the picture shows it as , but I 'm fine with this . Bright , can be seen well in this vest . I use it for my night bike rides .
 This vest is awesome . What a deal . Only paid $ 6.99 . Works as described keeping you highly viable to cars in any traffic condition .
 Purchased for use at Christmas parade and will be great for other community events as well.Lite weight and comfortable . Wont take up much space while storing for next events .
 Perfect for riding a bike ! DARK MORNINGS ARE DANGEROUS SO THIS WHAT I NEEDED &#62; BUY IT WITH CONFIDENCE THAT IT
 I ordered these for bike riding in poor visibility conditions . The color is a bright neon yellow and very visible . The reflective strips show up well too . The material is a tight woven mesh that can be folded up small enough to fit in a jersey pocket . I think for the price this vest is an excellent item and overall does what I was hoping it would . My one complaint is the vest is very wide ! I 'm going to have to change the closure , but due to the simple design it should be easy to add another Velcro strip or snaps . I normally wear a size Large in women 's cycling vests , but I 'll have to overlap the 2 sides of the vest by a total of 10-12 inches.This vest should easily fit a man without any alteration .
 just what my husband and I needed in our busy subdivision to keep safe with our small dogs . On time delivery and great sizing .
 This is the perfect vest for bike riding . I was worried that it might be too loose and flappy and hot while riding . But my fears were unfounded . This vest is light , cool and it does n't impact my ride in the least . You ca n't go wrong with this vest for bike riding .
 Sturdy fabric , highly visible , lightweight , folds into a pocket without wrinkling , easy on/off with velcro strip in front . Makes me very visible in daylight , dusk , or dark . I never ride my bike without it . Write your name and family and doctor telephone # 's in it for extra safety , on the back side of the stripes with a laundry marker . Same exact vest is listed by many different vendors on Amazon , from $ 5.50 to over $ 20.00 . Search for best price and shipping .
 Great buy at a ca n't - complain price . We use these for taking the dog out walking at night . The L & XL are roomy enough to wear over bulky winter parkas . Work great - just as well as nearly identical & way-overpriced vests from running & biking gear companies . Speedy shipping , too !
 I was looking for a lightweight and inexpensive vest to wear for my bicycle commute to and from work . I leave for work at 4:30 AM , so I wanted something that would make me stand out . This vest was perfect . The lime green color provides day time visibility , while the wide reflective stripes make you stand out 360 degrees during non-daylight hours . I paid a little over $ 6.00 for this . It was a great value and a perfect solution to my problem at any price .
 The price was right and the product does what it is supposed to . It shows up very well during my morning commute .
 After getting hit by a car while riding my bike -LRB- their fault -RRB- , I purchased this reflective vest to increase my visibility . It works great ! . I still got hit by another car , but that was in broad daylight when someone crossed the median ... people can not drive in this town!Anyway , this vest is a comfortable fabric that is bright during the day and at night .
 I am 5 ' 3 '' and this medium vest fit me pretty well . It is lightweight but durable .
 My spouse and I like to walk after dinner and in the winter , we needed to be visible to the cars on the street -- these vests are very reflective and have cause cars to nitice us more than once . Besides adding to safety , they fit well over a large winter coat and are very economical .
 This vest was the perfect thing for me . I ride a bicycle to work a couple of times a week and with the winter darkness was concerned about safety . This vest is large enough to fit over my jacket and still have room . I think it will even be big enough to fit over my motorcycle jacket . The front velcro closure is a great feature and works very well . It is made to be a little stiffer than the rest of the fabric , which is a good thing , as it makes it very easy to open . Lime neon color is very bright and it has enough reflectors all around . Love this vest , especially for bike riding .
 Bought this for my boyfriend for his job . He has been wearing it 5days a week for a few months now and I was it 2 to 3 times a week and it still looks new minus the dirt stains from his job .
 I bought this vest for riding my bicycle at night , so I could be seen . it seems to be very durable , wont tear easily , and can be seen at night . very good srves the purpose .
 It 's really difficult to find Tiffany lamps in these colors -LRB- much less in the hanging dragonfly pattern ! -RRB- at an affordable price , making this is an incredible find ! Most lamps in these colors are Mission-styled , which can be beautiful , but are generally very large and/or extremely expensive . I 've always wanted a dragonfly Tiffany lamp for my bedroom , but could never find one that would match , which , IMHO , detracts from the beauty of the lamp . This is now on my bedroom dresser , which needs a medium-sized , not TOO large , lamp . The 18hx12w size is perfect , and when the lamp is on , the dragonflies seem to glow . I believe this shade/lamp style also comes in very small accent and large living room sizes , and there 's a hanging shade too.The colors are exactly as shown , and the workmanship is excellent . While I did n't get this lamp here on Amazon -LRB- finding it at a significantly lower price elsewhere at `` Perfume 'n Things '' , but with an option for an Amazon checkout -LRB- which I used -RRB- -RRB- , it came quickly and was perfectly packaged and in perfect shape . I emailed customer service once with a question , and was answered very quickly.For me , this is the perfect lamp - the right size , color , design , shape and price . I 've been looking for this lamp for 20 years , lol , and I 'm ecstatic to have finally found it -LRB- in case you could n't tell -RRB- , and have no qualms recommending both the lamp and the store .
 The pineapple doorbell came today and it is even better in person ! We were really impressed with the product and the price .
 I 've labeled a lot of wires in my time , and never have been quite satisfied with any system or tags that I 've used in the past . Now I 've found my perfect answer.My usual need is when I 'm routing a lot of audio cables from one point to another , although I 'm sure they would also be useful to label the connections to the back of any piece of video or audio gear.These labels are pretty simple
 Just write , peel and wrap around the cables . You need this if you have too many cables and want to quickly find out which cable connects where . Works for cables of all shapes and sizes , like power cords , small speaker wires , hdmietc .
 The strips are too short for thick cables -LRB- like two thicker speaker cables -RRB- , but that is to be expected ... it it were longer it would n't work for thinner cables . Overall it worked very well for labeling all the cables for computers and AV systems .
 This is the perfect way to label the many chords that we have around our house with 3 kids and way too many chords and chargers . It takes up no extra space so you can label any chord without causing a problem . I label all chords near the plug so I can easily find what it is .
 The best part about this product is its price . 300 labels for $ 12 ! Some other products look fancier but cost $ 7 for 10 labels . One difference between this product and most of the others is that the label part wraps around the cable instead of hanging off the cable . You wo n't be able to just look at a bunch of cables and see all the labels , but also having a ton of labels wo n't clutter the space.I bought this because I was running speaker wire and HDMI cables through my wall and wanted to label both ends so I would know how to connect them . I was a little unsure about this product , but it works fantastically . This product basically dispenses precut pieces of clear tape , but they have a small section that 's white instead of clear . In this white section you can write whatever you want . Then you simply wrap the piece of tape around the wire . For most wires and cables , the tape is long enough to wrap around fully and cover/protect the white label part so the ink does n't smear . I found that using a felt-tip pen did n't work that great , but a ball-point pen worked fine .
 These labels work just as advertised . Ink protected by the tape wrap . My only problem is that when I label large wires -LRB- above 8 gauge -RRB- , the tape is n't long enough to completely wrap around the wire.In any event , my boat 's wires are slowly being labeled as I troubleshoot electrical problems . These were a great find !
 If you 're looking for a simple , low tech solution for labeling cat5/6 cables I can recommend the Wire Label Dispenser from Cyber Guys . The system comes in 2 sizes and I emailed customer service to see which would work better with cat5/6 cables . They said either would work , but recommended the shorter label as having the least waste.The system is fairly easy to use . The precut labels are attached to a continuous feed backing . The first part of the label to exit the dispenser is the white writable area . Stop when it is fully exposed and write the cable 's info on it . There 's not a ton of space so you have to be brief , use abbreviations and print small but clear . I use an extra fine Sharpie with great success . Just remember to print clearly . If I ca n't read it now , I sure wo n't be able to read it in 6 months.The continuous backing comes out the dispenser and loops around underneath . When the label hits that tight bend , it does n't follow the backing underneath and separates from the backing . Peel the label off and apply it to the cable . There 's adhesive on the entire back of the label . I stick the writing on first , oriented so it is readable when it 's plugged into the jack . I then wrap the clear portion of the label around the cable . It is long enough that it overlaps the writing a couple times . The clear overlap protects the writing from the environment and scratches.I did a couple test labels and then pulled them off . It takes some work , but they can be removed and did n't leave any sticky residue on the cable . I do n't know if it is removable a year later after the adhesive has set .
 Pros : - Seems to be ok out of the box-solid little unit-good weight-reusable labels seem durableCons : - no other pen I know of other than sharpie ultra fine will work for writing on this label , so I needed to purchase this item in addition . We 'll see if this works , it does according to other reviewers.-labels are not made for thick wires.-bit priceyWill update in time .
 I 'm not sure if this is the same unit I purchased , but I did purchase a 1/2 HP screw drive Genie garage door at Home Depot ... H4000A-2 . I 'm not going to talk about de-installing the old motor because a review of a new unit should not include that.The Genie garage door opener was one of the best things I 've ever bought . Why ? Because the instructions were clear and easy to follow for a `` semi-handyman '' like myself . The parts bags were color-coded . There were no missing parts , and everything worked . I 've bought so many things with missing parts lately I began to think it was just expected . It was SO nice to have everything there.I 've never installed a garage door opener before but the instructions and bags made it alot easier than it could have been . Do n't get me wrong ... installing a garage door opener is tricky and takes a lot of work , no matter which brand you buy . That 's why having EASY TO FOLLOW instructions is the most important part.I hereby certify that I am not an employee of Genie nor is anyone I know . In fact I was really nervous about buying this until I got it home.The unit is not ultra-quiet but certainly TONS quieter than our old chain drive opener . You used to be able to hear the old drive from anywhere in the house , it was so loud . This unit you can only hear if you 're sitting at the table next to the door.I 'm not saying you will have as much luck with this as I did . But for me , it was great .
 I installed this unit myself , and have been generally pleased with it . The instructions were generally very good , and it took me most of a day.It can be a little noisy -- our garage is located directly below our master bedroom -- but generally a solid unit.One design concern I have is with the part that interfaces to the actual screw drive . It 's apparently plastic and over time -LRB- several years -RRB- the grooves seem to grind down and then the door slips and eventually wo n't move . I 've been able to get replacement parts pretty easily on the web , though and the actual fix was about 10 minutes . I would have liked to have seen a sturdier part at that point.But overall , I think this is a good solid unit . It 's the third one I 've owned over the years and the second I 've installed myself and it 's easily the best one I 've owned .
 I bought the Genie IS550/A opener in 2001 . In the first year I had to replace the mounting struts between the rafters and the unit . After that it worked fine until two days ago -LRB- Mar 11 , 2009 -RRB- when it would start then stop and reverse for no reason . The Genie tech support was easy to contact but they said since the door would not hold steady at 5 feet , it would drop to 4 feet and stay there , it was unbalanced and the opener would not work that way . I think this is bs because it has been working fine for 8 years . Also there is no mechanical adjustment for force only the electronic adjustment and its set for max force . There 's what I think is a ballast resistor under the cover , I wonder if this is bad ? The sequencer board with the force controls on it is about $ 50 from Genie . Does anyone know if Chamberlain has force problems ?
 This remote is a nice , compact size and with a bit of needed dexterity to manipulate the 3-way dip switches , was relatively easy to set up . At about 75 feet line of site , range is adequate - almost as good as the larger original .
 I 've had this mini powerhouse for over 5 years and it 's the best money I ever spent on a tool . I had very little room for a shopvac in my van and needed something that was always there . Other small vacuums were very loud and tipped over easily . You can carry essential tools inside and be ready for anything . Limited dust capacity but makes up for it in sheer utility and sucking power -LRB- and it has a blowing port too ! -RRB- . Could use a longer hose so I carry an extra coupled together with the one supplied originally . I am surprised they are n't making this anymore . If you see one anywhere , even used - get it !!
 This is a must for anyone who does handyman projects . The tool box part is adequate for essentials for small jobs , but the ability to hook the vac up to a miter saw or sander is the best feature . I did some wood trim work in my kitchen and this caught 99 % of the saw dust . ca n't say enough good things about this little guy . Definately someone 's million dollar idea .
 The Grohe Atrio towel bar is something that I hesitated to buy due to the high price , but now that it 's up , I would definitely buy it again . It is very well-made , heavy -LRB- as opposed to a regular lightweight bar -RRB- and is perfectly finished . Surprisingly , it 's all one piece , so the bar ca n't wiggle or rotate between the end fasteners . Installation was simple and quick - the set screw holds the ends firmly with no help from caulk .
 These tote trays are great , the only ones I have ever seen with a drawer below . Have had one of these for many years and just got another one . I use it for plumbing jobs but it would be great for electricians or just about any other trade . Seems like the new one has the good quality of the one I previously had so I do recommend this item .
 I do woodwork and I have used these totes for many years on a daily basis . I carry pin nails and finish nails in one and I use one for all my drill bits . They work great and last for years . The fact that they stack is a plus and they are just Plano handy !
 We bought two of these to help organize wound care supplies in our treatment rooms . The pros are that everything is visible and because of the square corners and dividers , easy to load with supplies . The only con is that the drawer tends to stick -LRB- in both models -RRB- . We solved our only con by not totally closing the drawer.All in all , everyone really likes the organizer -LRB- s -RRB- . They 've made that part of our work easier .
 THIS LITTLE CARRY-ALL IS SO HANDY . I AM AN ELECTRICIAN AND I MAKE A LOT OF TRIPS UP AND DOWN OFF MY KNEES . I LOOK FOR ANYTHING TO MAKE THOSE TRIPS FEWER . THIS LITTLE BEAUTY IS A BIG HELP .
 I bought this to organize my medicine cabinet . Work like a charm . I especially like the slide out draw under it . Great for small items such as cough drops .
 This is made well ... drawer works great ... received two as a gift ... would highly recommend ! ... !
 Good tote for running around the house hanging pictures , making little repairs and the like . But the drawer , where one would put nail , screws and such is not smooth at all . Maybe a little WD 40 will fix that ?
 Not cute or pretty , but I bought it for cleaning and the drawer is very handy . It 's very sturdy , but does n't add a lot of weight . I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 I like to keep a small set of common tools in several places in the house to avoid always having to go into the garage when I get the urge to do `` spur of the moment '' jobs like tighting door knobs or hanging a picture . Have several of these boxes ; needed one more . Best for the price . Had my other ones for over 10 years . Sturdy construction , drawer slides in and out smoothly . Nice size to store in cabinet . Do n't bother with cheaper `` utility trays '' -LRB- too flimsy , do n't hold much and no separate tray for screw , anchors , etc. -RRB- These will actually stack , if needed .
 Very handy product . I store a few of my most used tools in here so I can just grab it an run .
 After I recieved the tote I took it to work and put it to good use . Very satisfied with it so far , holds all the tools I need on most jobs . I would of gave it 5 stars but it could stand to be a little bigger , maybe 2 '' longer and an 2 '' deeper .
 Handiest tool tray I have ever owned . It can hold all the tools one needs for almost any household repair . I had a similar one for over 10 years and it was stolen . Amazon was the only place I could find the replacement .
 Plano Molding 311 14-Inch Tote , Graphite Gray and Iron YellowIt 's great , but it was better when it was bigger , but that was about 10 years ago . The old one lasted that long . I guess you have to cut cost somewhere , because the old one was about the same price 10 years ago .
 I purchased this tote with some Akro Mils bin cups - and it 's great for taking around the hospital with supplies in it . I highly recommend it . It 's sturdy , strong and the drawer lets you keep essential items out of sight . The drawer also ` locks ' , so it does n't open when you 're walking with it . It 's deep enough to hold just about anything !
 This Plano Tote-More is the best tote I have ever used . The one I have now I use every day for my housecleaning jobs . Bottles line up well and the drawer in the bottom holds small brushes and tools . After 15 years of use and abuse it 's still in great shape . I also do woodworking and it 's perfect for chisels and things for woodcarving .
 bought these guns recently as a package because it seemed like a pretty good deal . I really like the fact that they are oilless . however i am wondering if that will shorten the lifespan of the guns . I have only used them for a small job so far and they worked great . pretty simple to use . lightweight and easy to load . no problems yet .
 I am new to nailers ; therefore , I asked for advice from more experienced friends . The features that were described to me that I needed in a nailer these two nailers met except for the directional exhaust -LRB- hence 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- . Shipping/delivery of the nailers was great , arrived sooner then was projected . The finish nailer did n't work at first but that was probably my mix-up on nail lock-out feature . The manual said to test the unit prior to first use and part of the test was to remove the nails . The finish nailer requires nails to be loaded to work -LRB- lockout feature -RRB- but the manual tells you to test unit without nails loaded . Once I loaded the nails into the unit I finish putting up trim work on two windows in less then a half hour . I used the finish nailer and brad nailer in conjunction to put trim up . I have used the unit now two or three times so far and very happy with it . I like the oil-less feature the best .
 Love Grohe products ! -LRB- grow ' - eee -RRB- If you get this particular spout , like I did , you need a 4-way diverter . If you get the one with the pull-up opening , you can use the 3-way . Thanks to my plumber for that info !
 This is one of the best tools I have purchased ... I have used it for Wood Panelling and furniture making . Creates great strong tight joints .
 No wood shop is complete without a good pocket hole jig . The Kreg Rocket Jig is inexpensive but very well designed . I have used mine hundreds of times and it still is quite accurate and worth every cent .
 Bought this jig after I saw it advertised in a magazine . I have since made multiple pieces of furniture including two tables in my office , a table to place my center channel speaker in my media room , a system stand to place my amplifiers , preamps , power modulator , and dvd players . It is easy to use tool , however , while using the drill to drill the pocket holes , the jig tends to shift if not clamped down in two places . Also , I would recommend drilling slightly shy of recommended depth for material thickness . A couple of times screws would piece other side of piece with tightening since the wood can compress alittle on tightening . I would recommend purchasing the slightly more expensive set up that comes with the clamp since you are going to need it anyways .
 I bought this Kreg pocket jig set after a cabinet maker friend showed me his . You simply clamp it on , drill the holes , and make a super solid butt joint.Norm Abrams also uses this product on his show and is very favorable toward it .
 If you buy this jig , then spend the money to get the clamp that goes with it . I mistakenly thought that one of the various clamps that I own would fit this jig but wrong . Great little jig otherwise .
 I have had no problems firing 1,000 's of these nails through my PC gun . No jams . Good penetration and holding power . The only issue I have with them is that the plastic collating material is not as ` friendly ' as other brands I 've used like B&C Eagle , PC , and Grip-rite . Milwaukee 's collating plastic pieces seem to shoot farther/faster and are a bit sharper for some reason causing my forearms , face , and hands to get pelted more often .
 The inside dimensions are not as large as advertised . There is a felt lined plastic lid that fits into the space . This lid takes up a large part of the space . The top of the space is larger than the bottom part , so the lid wo n't fall in . You can get a little more space by throwing away the lid , but then things are more likely to fall out.In particular , my hard drive is 4 '' wide . It only fits into the top part of the space and will only go down as far as the lid 's lip , so it does n't actually go into the space meant for the valuables , at all.The advertised dimensions are 6 3/4 x 4 x 1 1/4 . The actual dimensions are 6 5/8 x 3 5/8 x 3/4 . If you want to fit your hard drive in , which is 4 '' wide , you probably could pull out the felt lined plastic container which is glued into the book . I 'm not sure if this would cause the pages to start to open up.To me the description `` 2-Book Safes '' was not clear . You actually get two different books , each with a different title . I thought that there might be two books glued together with one larger space but instead you just get two separate book safes . Perhaps they should lose the hyphen .
 Exactly how it was described online.I feel sorry for Dow Mossman and his book The Stones of Summer ... the only use his book got was to be destroyed and turned into a safe , lol .
 THIS IS A VERY COOL DIVERSION SAVE . MADE FROM A REAL BOOK . GREAT FOR CASH AND SMALLER ITEMS . GREAT PRODUCT !!! 2-Book Safes , Diversion Safe made with a Real Book
 great quality for a small price and its a real book !! great way of hidding important things
 This product is exactly as advertised and provides great secret storage . Also , the delivery was super fast and absolutely correct!GReat service all around .
 What can I say - this is a really cool product that is just what you 'd imagine . It 's very affordable too - which is always a nice plus .
 have had for a year or so now and still use it regularly . Perfect for hiding things from family and roommates
 These work well , and my only beef is they do n't lay perfectly flat all the time , but stacking some heavy books on top of it for a few days resolved the issue .
 The two pack is working out great ! My teen son is using his -LRB- a much more masculine book title -RRB- to hold the money he is earning for an important trip , and I am using the second one -LRB- a very feminine title -RRB- to stash money away for a future event . No one would ever question these books sitting on the book shelf amongst all the other books!As a funny side note , when we gave him his for Christmas , I started by telling him I know he needs a new book to read for his independent reading class , and I thought he would like this one . The look on his face , receiving such a large hard-covered book , was priceless ! ; -RRB-
 Unique hideaway safe that you can leave in plain view on a bookshelf . It look just like a book because it is a real book with the center hollowed out for hiding cash , jewelry , important papers , etc. .
 Gave these as gifts for Christmas . Construction of hiding spot is made of felt covered plastic , a bit small but will serve its purpose . Wish there was an option to modify the enclosure for a bit larger item . Standard size hard cover book with real pages . Would recommend this item .
 I gave one of these to my grand son and one to my grand daughter for Christmas . They loved it . Made them feel like they had a safe place to keep there ` stuff ' .
 My daughter loves this ! I purchased it for her a year ago and she still keeps her precious trinkets hidden away inside . The book came with a very brightly colored dust jacket which has been discarded , as it was pretty ugly . Though the book safe has served its purpose well in our house , it only gets 4 stars because I would not trust any true valuables to its keeping . It 's obviously flammable , being a book , has no lock , and your bookcase will very likely be rifled through by any serious burglar who will easily notice that half the pages of this book are stiffly glued together . But for a kid , it offers a bit of privacy and a delicious secret !
 While this is a perfect thing for keeping things like passports , money , and jewelery safe , I was able to come up with another great use for this book safe.My friend , an avid reader , was celebrating her birthday during the summer of her graduation from high school . So , I bought this to hold a gift card to a local book store . Not only was this a great way to present the gift , but it will also be a great item to have in her dorm.The condition of the book that I received was brand new . The book has about 100 or so pages that are regular and the rest do not turn . Set into the on top of these pages is a cutout with a velvet-like case , as can be seen in the product picture . But , something I found to be additionally beneficial is that there is a velvet-like lid that covers the case . So your valuables are not in danger from falling out by just tipping the book over.I am pretty sure the book that you receive is totally random . The removable product sleeve that is on the book when you first receive it has a picture of a Terry Goodkind book . I received a book called The Stones of Summer . I have n't heard of it , but it looked dull . Not that the content is dull -LRB- sorry , author of The Stones of Summer -RRB- . This is a great purchase and worth every penny . I am going to keep my mind open for more uses of this great product .
 This book safe was an actual real book and therefore was very nonchalant and perfect for the use i wanted it for . You can actually read the first 50 pages or so in the book but nobody is going to want to because it 's such a dull title anyways . I thought the price was fair and i only have a homemade book safe to compare it to , so it 's one hundred times better than that one . My only concern was that the width of the storage space was n't quite large enough for what i was looking for , but jewelry , cash or anything of that nature what fit great .
 hahaha . . The Stones Of Summer . . very dull to the least . the product came a week before the expected arrival time . The book came with a cover that said diversion safe and i laughed to myself thinking about the obviousness , but it was supposed to be removed to uncover a VERY dull title for a book which i mentioned at the top . Alot of space for your everyday stuff like watches , passports , money , and even checkbooks ! nobody realized it until i told some friends.haha . . overall great product
 This is a real book , with maybe 10-20 pages left in the front , while the rest is cut out to stash stuff in it . There is a velvety flat cover over the hole . I think it would have been better to make the cover white or ` paper colored ' and maybe glue a page to it to conceal even better.With the book shut you can not tell it is n't an actual book , and it hides nicely amongst many other books . Cool idea !
 My boyfriend has a habbit of leaving money all over the place . He also likes to put his money in books , so it is hidden . Well , I figured he would need a book that was made for the exact purpose . With the title I got , I can be assured that no one will pick it up to read it !
 I purchased one for myself and five others for presents . The room for storage is good . It fits my passport , social security card , $ $ , etc. . . perfectly and it blends it with the hundreds of books I have in my house.Everyone I 've given it to , chuckled at it and enjoyed the idea just like I hoped and then later realized the ingeniousness of it . Just like I hoped.It 's one of those unusual , unique , but practical gifts .
 This is really cool . I gave one to my son . Great place to hide things . The cut out is smaller than I expected . Hard to fit a gun in there .
 Buyers please note , although this is a good product , the cavity is very shallow . Besides a few passports , there 's not much room left . Also it does not have a latch or some sort to keep the book closed . So if it fails onto the ground , your hidden gems may very well get spilled all over the place .
 This book is excellent to stash small items in . There are about 30 pages left in the beginning of the book which help with the diversion . When closed on a shelf you cant tell any difference between this book and other ones . The only problem is it falls apart easily , so handle it with ease .
 I thought this safe would be larger ... my wallet barely fits inside of it . This is really only for very small valuables . For others , you should get a wall safe put in behind a painting .
 It seems to be a good deal . I hope it is sturdy enough ... if not I 'll be back with my complaints !
 I was very hesitant to purchase this product after reading the reviews about this item , but since this is exactly what I needed , I took a chance . We have a larger model -LRB- 225-foot -RRB- in the backyard and needed a smaller one for the front . The one we have in the back has given us no problems and is about 4 years old . We recently purchased a new hose since the old one leaked , hooked it up , said a prayer that there would be no leaks -LRB- as the connection is in the garage -RRB- and turned it on . Works great!It was very easy to follow the directions -LRB- 4 easy steps -RRB- to hook up the hose . Now , we only have a 75-foot hose on it at the moment , but there is plenty of room for more . It winds up easily , and the guide does stick a little , as does the one we already have , but I find that guiding it from underneath the handle rather than the top helps . On the bottom right side of the cart there is a convenient place to put your foot to steady the cart as you wind up the hose.Some folks have mentioned flimsy plastic and that it was n't put together well , but I have not found that at all . This is a pretty solid product and it 's made in the USA , according to the packaging .
 As with all Kreg tools , this one is very well made and a real treat to use . Highly recommended .
 I have a Rockwell 9 '' Homecraft Table Saw -LRB- 34-570 -RRB- that is circa 1975 . I took a chance and purchased the Kreg Precision Miter Gauge Add-on System -LRB- KMS7103 -RRB- to use with this saw.The Add-on fits my Miter Gauge perfectly . It is well-made and precise.Worth the price.Eventually I will get the Kreg Miter Gauge .
 As always , my purchase on Amazon.com was flawless and quick . The Kreg Miter Guage fence is easy to assemble and very precise . One of the best I 've used . And with a host of add-ons , it ca n't be beat . I purchase at Amazon.com a great deal of the time and will continue to do so . Great business ethics and they really try to make things easy for the buyer . Thanks Amazon ! Mike Jordan , MBA , BSN , RN
 Love it . It works well in my living room giving it the ambiance that I wanted with my african safari theme .
 If you are thinking about washing down a well this little jewel works great . Hoses hooked up fine with no leaks and the washing down with it on top worked great .
 Very Lightweight , does n't snag . I was concerned about the hoses memory and whether it would be looped all over after taking it out in just above freezing temperatures but it laid down just fine . Good purchase
 You 'll pay less for this air hose and get 2X more than Lowes or home depot . It 's worth it . Definitely a sure-order !
 I got this hose about two weeks ago . The temperature has n't gotten above 45 in that time , so I never got to lay it out in the sun and let it ` relax ' like I wanted to . It is still a little stiff , but i 'm sure that will go away with time .
 This hose is just about as good as my old blue Flexeel 100 ' hose that had been repaired too many times . It is supple and does n't really have any memory . It rolls out fine and lays flatThe free fittings are an added bonus . The fittings are Type-M 1/4 '' . The black strain-relief ends are fine and have n't failed . I 'm glad that I bought this hose .
 I have 200 ' of garage type air hose . This hose allows you to use a nail gun on a roof without the weight of the hose dragging your nail gun to the ground like a garage air hose does . It 's very light and seems to be pretty tough . I would buy it again .
 Light and strong . And it comes with the fittings on the end so you do n't have to add them . I own two of them and guys with the rubber hoses are always commenting on the difference between lugging around their hoses and my hoses you can carry in the same hand as your coffee cup . They have been very durable .
 Hose works great and it 's compact easy to roll up and never gets tangled or kinked great match with my hatachi roof nailer .
 My husband is a carpenter . So we spend alot of money on tools , for the price he has worn this thing out !!! The drill we ordered with this , also Hitachi , broke the day we got it . But this hose is still kicking !!
 I bought this to replace my aging rubber air hoses . I picked them mostly because they included the connectors which are costly . I am extremely happy with them they are light weight , take up less room , and are way more flexible then rubber hoses . I am very happy with them and would buy them again .
 I have not used this particular hose as yet . I have used other Hitachi hoses and felt they performed very well . Hose is light weight and I like the connectors installed when the hose is purchased .
 Lightweight and strong hose . Purchased to extend my existing Goodyear rubber air hose for use with my Hitachi nailer . Connects/disconnects with great ease from my nailer and rubber hose . Coils/uncoils with no problem . Very easy to work with . An excellent quality product .
 Very satisfied with the air hose . Good that it came fully assembled with ends attached -LRB- ie plug and play -RRB- . Quality seems good . Thin enough to go almost anywhere and especially under doors -LRB- compressor is in the garage -RRB- . Only negative is the 2 '' black plastic ends which I guess are designed to be stress relievers for the hose ends ? Seems like they were after thoughts in that they migrate up the hose and do not stay put . Price for usefulness is well worth purchase .
 I did n't believe this thin hose could handle 150 psi let alone 300 . After I connected it to my compressor it worked like a charm . It does n't tangle easily like a cheap hose even if its piled in a corner.The plugs are not the rounded -LRB- T -RRB- edge type and did not work with my older drill . I believe these are the newer -LRB- I -RRB- , -LRB- M -RRB- , -LRB- I/M -RRB- auto plugs even though it came with a ball bearing coupler .
 Flexable and is of good quality . Liked the fact it had the correct air fittings already installed . It does n't kink or get stiff , flows around corners nicely . We use in it our cabinet shop , better than the one we bought at Harbor Freight . I would highly recommend this product . Would like to find a longer one of the same manufacture ' . All the Hitachi products we have in our shop are of high quality . Will be looking for more items from this manufacture ` r / .
 Very nice air hose . I store all 100 ft of it on an electrical cord spool , fits perfect . The re-enforced ends help keep it from kinking , but will still kink if not careful.Can ' t beat the price either .
 Hitachi 19413F 100 x 1/4-Inch Polyurethane Air HoseGreat hose . Used it the first day and have been using it every working day since . I 'm building a two story 3000 sf house . The hose covers the whole project . It slips easily through the rafters and studs without hanging up .
 This air hose is definitely better than rubber types I have been using . Disappointed that the fitting on the female end was loose and had to be tightened to stop leak . Impossible to have come loose in shipping , so poor quality control by Hitachi ?? Would definitely buy another one when the need arises , just will tighten all fittings before using .
 These hoses are the only ones there are in my opinion . I am a professional roofer , my entire crew -LRB- up to 20 guys in the summer -RRB- all use poly 1/4 '' hoses . They are fantastic , they do have a stubborn memory , but if you buy one you must understand that there is a break-in period . They can be a pain to break in , but they are so light and easily repairable -LRB- if you shoot a nail in them -RRB- that it more than makes it worth it.I open my hose on the very first day and find an object to tie it to , then stretch it way out as tight as I can and tie it to something else , I will let it sit like that in the sun for a whole day if I can , and it really helps . Do this and you will not be disappointed . I bought a 3/8 '' poly and let a guy borrow it once , it was so heavy that when he went to nail some flashing he missed and hit the meat between his index finger and thumb!If you work in a shop , get a rubber hose . It may be a lot heavier , but it will lay down on the ground easier , and chances are you are not going to use it near as much as someone who needs this particular tool day in day out as a must-have to perform a job . If you are going to use it for a shop , pick a length that will not exceed your needs -LRB- for instance , there is no need for a 100 ' hose in a 20x20 work space.Break it in just as I have explained , make sure it is good and stretched before you go to work . If it curls a little , grab the nozzle connection at the base of your tool and twist the hose accordingly to remove curls . If you bust this hose out of the package and throw it under your feet then you will trip over it . Break it in and you will thank me later.Hitachi is the business , they make good tools . I use all hitachi !
 I knew that polyurethane air hoses were easier to use than PVC , needed a longer hose than I had , and Hitachi air products have a good reputation so ... It 's an air hose . It delivers air to tools . It uncoils/coils so much easier than PVC ; however , not quite as easily as rubber . That having been said , it 's VERY light - no rubber hose would even come close in weight . I do not know how it would hold up in an industrial site with rough floors , but for a hobbyist like me , it 'll likely last forever and I wo n't need arms like Schwarzenegger to hold it while coiling it up either ! Nothing but praise here for this hose .
 I been using the Hitachi for a little over 8 months now . I do n't have a reel for it so its been stepped on , stuff falls on it and moves around but it is still working ! Very durable and amazingly light . This is a 100 foot hose and it should be a lot heavier than it is but it is light so I can actually take it with me if I needed to . Definitely a recommended buy !
 Outstanding quality - great price !! Received hose in less than a week . Very satisfied with purchase .
 I have been using this for a couple of month now , maybe about once a week.Pros : - Nice and light , does n't take much to drag it compared to most other air hoses.-Pretty easy to roll up , it would a real pain in the but to roll a normal hose that 's 100 feet long.-Does snag on corner or leave makes on walls.Cons : - Easy to kink compared to a normal air hose , but that is kind of expected-Like all air hose no the most fun thing to roll up-Does not stay rolled up to well is just left on the floor and you try to pull a few more feet out of the roll.-if steeped on and there the pressure in the line is not high its easy to close off the line.I hope it wears well , which i think it will as long as its not abused . In my case usually being used with air nailers and staplers which there is no no problems will . I would think other higher volume air tools might has issues . I did figure out a way to roll it up that does make it easier to unroll so that you do n't have to also untwist it . I do n't know how to describe it but every other loop on the roll is twisted the opposite direction and when is un rolled no untwisting and getting rid of kinks .
 This hose is excellent for use in my confined workspace . It is light and flexible , and does n't kink and it is easy to coil while under pressure . It came with fittings that matched my tools and compressor , and it is very well made.I use it mostly with brad nailers , staplers and finishing guns and it works great.I have n't tried this hose with framing nailers or other high air use tools , but a 1/4 '' dia hose may not have enough reserve air capacity to run at a desired speed , especially on long hose runs.I would buy this hose again . I am no longer tripping over , fighting kinks and trying to coil the larger hoses I have been using .
 I am happy with this purchase . Amazon had this hose for less $ $ than anywhere else that I could find . It is of high quality and the included couplers are a definite plus . A new polyurethane hose should be stretched when new until you can hear the reinforcing fibers breaking . This will allow it to be coiled up easier without it twisting . Thanks Amazon for a great product .
 Longevity will be the real factor but for now these hoses seem durable . The price was GREAT and included fittings already installed . These smaller hoses take a lot less space in my truck than 3/4 inch hoses .
 A light , managable air hose . Get it , and you 'll thank yourself the next time you 're on a ladder and you do n't feel 20 ' of goodyear rubber dragging your tool down . It keeps a slight memory , so to avoid frustration one should stretch it all the way out at the beginning of use and do n't turn in circles during use.The only downside is use while roofing . The smooth outer surface makes it slide off the roof deck . It 's not so heavy that you ca n't whip the hose back up , but it gets annoying . I 'll break this hose out for steep roofs where the hose will hang anyway , but for the most part , I use the Goodyear on the roof and the hitachi on the ground .
 The air hose lays well and seems to be well constructed . I paid $ 28.56 with free S/H for the 100 foot air hose . The price was a small amount more than the 50 foot one . I bought it as a backup and it was put to use when a connector on my craftsman air hose failed .
 I bought this because I needed a longer hose for my compressor for a new project . This is one fantastic hose that 's not only much easier to handle than my old 25-foot Goodyear hose but amazingly seems to weigh even less despite being four times the length ! The included 1/4 '' fittings appear to be high quality and I could n't be happier with this new hose . Highly recommended and I fully intend to purchase a couple of 25-foot lengths of this same hose for use inside my little 14x20 barn/workshop as soon as I can find someone who carries that size .
 We just ordered two more of these from Amazon -LRB- they are significantly cheaper at the moment than the local stores -RRB- . These are the favorites among our construction company due to the light weight , durability , and the fact that they really do n't kink.For those of you who are just working around the house , any old hose will do . But for those of you in the professional arena , the lighter weight will be a blessing in the 8th hour when you 're trying to get those walls up before dark so that you can get paid in the next draw . We stick with the 100 lenght because we are building hotels and such , besides going from the 50 to the 100 is only a few dollars difference and is worth it if it keeps you moving.Highly recommended
 This is a great hose and an excellent price . I am a carpenter and framer and use my nail gun all day long , every day . I bought this hose about 6 months ago , it is very lite-wieght and flexible and does not have a single shortcoming . Stretch the hose out in the sun when you first get it and wrap it up loosely each nite to keep it from kinking up . Also , you might want to go ahead and order some universal attachments , as the hose comes with 3/8ths only.EDIT
 Let 's you get the compressor away from the house and are tough as nails . Very little wear on these with three months of hard use . A little side note
 Im a residential building contractor and these airlines are the best ive used . I really like them doing framing and trim cause the cold weather doesnt affect these airlines . I have noticed their very durable as well cause my guys dont bother climbing and hand off the nail gun they will lower it down to the person below using the airline and the fittings hold up great . I wont use a different airline thank you hitachi for designing such a great item for guys that use them every day and they keep going . I hope my review could help in choosing a airline you wont be disappointed .
 The hoses are pretty nice , pretty much the same as all the other poly hoses though . These hoses come with the connectors which is a plus , as long as you use this style . -LRB- this style is by far the most common -RRB- and you ca n't beat the price -LRB- $ 15 for a 50 ' 1/4 '' when I ordered -RRB- Polyurethane hoses are lighter in weight and more flexible than a regular rubber hose , but not quite as durable .
 I still ca n't get over how well this tiny 1/4 inch hose handles bigtime PSI . I 've dialed mie up to 120 so far and the results are fantastic . I 'm happy to finally be able to hang the old rubber 3/8 '' hose up on the retired hook in my work area . Excellent product , great price , great Amazon service .
 This hose is a pretty good deal compared to heavier rubber hoses . It is very light and durable . The only downsides are that it can kink easier than a rubber hose , and has a fairly stubborn memory , making roll-up difficult.Pros-Low price-Very light-DurableCons-Can Kink-Stubborn memory
 Bought this hose for my husband before we did a re roofing project on our houseHe was impressed with the durability of it , and the price !
 You just cant beat these hoses . I have drug and beat on them and they just keep on ticking . Even come with the fittings , Bonous !
 I highly recommend these mailbox replacement flags as a way of bringing a little cheer into your life every day -- every time you pass your mailbox . I bought my first coyote flag ages ago in Tucson and finally replaced it after many years of sunshine had faded it . It 's totally functional -LRB- and trivial to install -RRB- while also being a cool piece of `` wearable art '' for your house . I love being able to end the directions to my house with `` look for a black mailbox with a coyote flag on it , '' and over the years my coyote has come to feel like a sort of pet . Why so many people are happy with their boring blag flags is beyond me . Go for it ! You wo n't be sorry .
 This has been on my mailbox for over a year now and is as good as new.Sturdy and so cute . I really enjoy seeing it everyday.Easy to put on also .
 Purchased this item to replace my disintegrated mailbox flag . Installment options made it work for my older mailboxwhich did not need replacing . Took me all of 5 minutes to read the option for my box , and install it.Not only does it make me smile but my mailman commented how much he likes it.If you love the Southwest , what is there not to like ?? Sturdy and paint job has weathered the storms .
 I sent this to my brother & wife out in AZ for their new mailbox at their new home . Since `` Baylor '' arrived , he has gotten many compliments . The mail carrier chuckles and the neighbors are looking at the website for their own way to spice things up @ their Southwestern addys ! I 'm glad our gift brought so many smiles !
 Because of their low price , I was somewhat skeptical as to the quality of these clamps . Upon their arrival my skepticism disappeared . Good clamping pressure from a hefty spring makes these clamps well worth their price .
 Purdy makes great brushes . This Cub is an amazing brush . The short handle with recessed thumb space gives you control as well being able to brush in tight spaces.Using this brush is like the difference between driving a Chevette and a Porsche 911 . It is just that good . The construction is great , the bristles hold paint and stain well , flows smoothly and cleans up like a dream.If you are buying one brush for trim or painting and staining in small spaces , this is the one .
 I bought mine at a big box store for about the same price offered on Amazon and have been very pleased with this brush . The brush handle is excellent it fits like a glove and is the most easily maneuverable brush that I have used to date . This is a great choice for heavier bodied paint on moldings as well as touch-ups . It leaves a pretty smooth finish and cuts in very well . In terms of cleanability with today 's fast drying latex paints the polyester filaments on this synthetic blend brush -LRB- nylon , polyester combo -RRB- prove difficult to clean but not to the point where performance is inhibited . The nylon bristles clean easily as expected however paint does stick to the polyester bristles . If you are looking for a highly maneuverable quality paint brush to get right into tight corners , your search is over .
 I bought one of these Purdy Cubs to paint some tight , cramped areas around my front door and storm door . The Cub performed as advertised , and made this cramped job much easier . As with all Purdy brushes , it 's of high quality and will last a long time if you take care of it . This Cub is so handy , now it 's the only thing I use for 99 % of my cutting in and trim work . Buy one , you wo n't be sorry .
 Unfortunatley the full range of Purdy brushes are not available in the Uk but with excellent service from the US who cares .
 This is a nice tool for technicians and hobbyists with a combination of features that is hard to beat . Temperature controlled soldering stations in the same price range are generally not as powerful and may not be adequate for more than light work . They are also not very portable or as compact for storage . Unregulated soldering irons like the venerable Weller 25W in most hobbyists ' toolboxes take a while to heat up and give you only a few minutes of working time before they overheat and have to be unplugged . Soldering guns are powerful and heat fast , but they will make a smoking ruin out of electronics . This iron heats fast , has plenty of power , holds temperature and even has a screw-on cover for the tip so it wo n't get damaged or damage anything else in a toolbox.The standard tip which came with mine is the smallest available . It 's narrow with a fine point , good for surface mount work but not so good for soldering wires on terminal lugs . Consider ordering at least one medium or larger tip for it.If there is one minor drawback it 's that the 3 wire AC cord -LRB- the tip is hard grounded -RRB- is stiffer and heavier than the light , flexible cords on soldering station pencils . In fact it 's heavier than the iron , so it 's definitely not safe to hang the cord over the edge of a bench or table as it could easily pull the iron down onto the floor or into your lap etc. . Oh , and a power switch would be nice .
 Just recieved the item , and busted it open . the cords seem strong , but there was something bothering me before ordering . the sizes arent specified . so here they are ... one 40 `` one 32 `` two 24 `` three 18 `` thats the usable bungies you get . the other five are ... two canopy ties -LRB- like a loop with a little ball on the end -RRB- and 3 `` mini '' cords.the canopy ties seem like they would be useful for the right application , and im sure ill find a place to use them . the mini ones , however , were a let down , as i have no use for them . i bought the set as a little reinforcement for my upcoming move and thought i could use a little extra hold for my load . the mini ones would be good for maybe attaching something light to the back of a bicycle , but i dont really have a use for them - they arent super strong.as for the others , they seem like the will definitely get the job done , but i just wish the three mini were full size . if i had known , i mightve looked at a different set , but for what you get , id say its still worth the $ 9 . the measurements seem to include the hook as well as the un-stretched portion of the cord , and the hooks looked like thin plastic , so i gave them a tug and noticed they were really strong for plastic . after reading the container i saw that theyre steel hooks , coated in plastic for durability -LRB- the mini ones are just steel , and dont sit on the ends of the cord , they keep sliding down -RRB- . they arrived on the first day of the estimated arrival.overall , a fair price for a useful set of bungies with many sizes , and they seem like a quality product . -LRB- except for the 3 mini ones -RRB-
 These are great bungee cables.They are not like the little cheapie ones , these are HEAVY DUTY !! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!
 This is a canister of bungee cords in many different sizes , including a few very small ones and a few that have balls on the end . So if you 're looking for variety , get these . This assortment probably included 6-8 bigger ones . They held up well through the project we bought them for ; no complaints here !
 The Blue one and/or the Red work well for securing your front bicycle wheel to the frame when mounted on a rack . Personally I uses a Blue near the top and a red stretched to the bottom of the frame . -LRB- blue above/red below the water bottle holder -RRB- What you get :3 mini3 18 '' -LRB- blue -RRB- 2 24 '' -LRB- red -RRB- 1 32 `` 1 40 `` 2 canopy ties -LRB- looped bungees , no hook -RRB-
 As a previous reviewer mentioned , the photo is misleading . Regardless , though , there is a good variety and product seems well constructed.I 'll be using this for odds and ends for canoeing and camping . I 'll re-review as necessary after a field test , but presume no news is good news .
 nice quality for the money - used every one to secure tarp over summer stuff for the winter - every size had a use .
 Ca n't beat the price & quality . You really ca n't beat this product if you need any bungees , so give it a try
 I bought these to hold down the tarps on our pop up camper and patio set for the winter . They work wonderfully and are very versatile .
 these are great bungees and are stronger than the typical dollar store bungees . i actually got a set of these for my son who loves to tow things around the yard with his toy tractor
 Tough to write a whole lot about bungee cords . We needed an assorment to secure some baby gates and objects and these cords have worked great .
 The quality of the cords seems to be what you would expect . I used them last night to secure a barrier and they are holding up well . I just wanted a few cords for use around the house , to secure my bicycle to the rack on the car , and to secure items in the basket on my bicycle . These will work fine for that.Like the other reviewers mentioned , I was n't really sure what cords would be in the package .3 mini3 18 `` 2 24 `` 1 32 `` 1 40 `` 2 canopy ties
 A plastic jar full of bungee cords , what else can I say ? Cords are of mediocre strength -LRB- as expected for the price -RRB- , I would n't hold anything incredibly expensive with these . They 're handy for light camping , though .
 Yep they 're bungee cords ! -LRB- and they work ! wow ! -RRB- The color coordination for different sizes is nice . I would recommend these .
 This is a great starter set of bungee cords . They are durable and have strong plastic hooks -LRB- except for the mini cords -RRB- . They have a good mix of sizes , which are color-coded for convenience . You get :1 - 40 `` 1 - 32 `` 2 - 24 `` 3 - 18 `` 3 - mini2 - canopy strapsThe minis are probably better for use around the house , or maybe in the garage , but not for tie-downs . The canopy straps are basically a hard plastic ball with a bungee loop on it.Certainly not the best out there , but good enough and a smart mix of sizes . Also well worth the price . Recommended .
 I bought these to have on hand for camping and they 've definitely come in handy . The various sizes are very convenient . Appear to be good quality , no problems yet .
 Great assortment of sizes . I was looking for a special length for a specific household task and found exactly what I wanted .
 I use these around the house and yard for various projects . Work well when you only have two hands and need more !
 Lots of sizes in this set , should cover all but the biggest jobs you need a bungee cord for . I used a couple of these for several months and they did n't get all stretched out like some of the other brands that are reviewed on Amazon . Very versatile set , throw it in your car and forget about it until you need one .
 This item eally comes in handy for tying down tarps , etc. . The various sizes are a plus for having around the house .
 These bungee cords are of made well and seem to be good quality and the assortment of sizes are really helpful . I like the colors as well
 I bought this set to tie down and secure equipment in my trunk or on my roof rack . These seem to do the job well and stretch enough to be useful , but they do n't stretch to crazy lengths as some more expensive bungees tend to do . Great for ski equipment and random stuff you do n't want rolling around in your trunk .
 Nice little set of bungee cords . One of those things that 's &#34; better to have it and not need it then need it and not have it &#34; type of things . No brainer for the money.I initially bought this set because of the small bungee cords . I use them to hold the front tire of my mountain bike in place when I have it on the bike rack that hangs off the back of my car . Works great and my front tire does n't wobble around in the wind and damage my trunk .
 Just used them on a month like bike trip . They work great for general use . Reliable , though not super high quality . They are very useful , from tying bags of food onto the back of our pike panniers , holding sleeping bags in place . 1 of them pop an end hook off , but we were able to re-thread it , and tie a bigger knot , just shortening the bungee . Overall good .
 Exactly as presented , and at a great price . All seem well made and easy to use . Very bright colors , good and reusable container .
 Currently , there is a small cord holding the oil jug upright in our trunk , a small one holding wrapping paper against the ceiling of our closet , and two medium ones with clothes drying on them on the porch . They 're bleaching a bit in the sun , but the paint has n't chipped off the hooks , the elastic is just right , and they 're not so bad to look at.I have n't strength tested them , but I have full confidence in 'em . And the container is nice . They live in that thing in our trunk.Good product . Buy it .
 They 're nails , they drive in like any other nail , what more is there to say .
 I was more than pleased with this faucet set.It was very high quality.It arrived very quickly.I could not be more satisfied ! Thank you
 Rolled up 150-foot cord with no problem . I kind of wish it was a little heavier at the base because when you unwind it , it tends to tip over . But I can live with it . It does what it needs to do .
 I was very pleased with this purchase , not only was it affordable but it really has helped . I ordered two 50 ' outdoor extension cords and without the reel it would have been difficult to not get tangled up . I was glad I purchased the reel especially at such a great price . Thank you .
 it feels really light weight but it gets the job done . i put a 100 foot 12/3 cord on it and it fits , not a lot of room left for you hand to go under the handle but i have big hands so it might be different for other . all and all a good buy .
 It rates well providing you use a newer cord . My old kinky cord is still a hassel .
 It 's a cord reel ... not much more than you 'd expect . The plastic is flexible , more so than I would have liked , but it does the job and has n't broken . The crank feels solid enough and is reasonably easy to turn even when the reel is mostly filled . Problems are minor
 Great and durable ! Worth the price since it only takes a few seconds to wrap up my 100 ft cord after cutting the lawn with my electric lawnmower .
 Thanks for great product and fast service from Amazon . Special thanks to the reviewer who posted the video concerning the winding on the reel . You know I would have hidden one end in the center if I had n't seen the video !! LOL ! Thanks again .
 Does what I need it to do . Holds my heavy duty 100ft per which is 12 gauge . It takes the reel to the edge of its capacity but it holds it in well . I used a plastic cable tie to anchor the middle of the cord to the reel and then did the double over technique so that you pull both ends when you unwind the reel . I do n't really beat up the reel all that much but it seems durable . no complaints .
 I 'm using it to organize my boat anchor line on a 16ft jon boat . Works very well . I bought an extra , just in case , but it seems pretty durable and well-constructed .
 I gave this as a gift along with extension cord for a blower . Very impressed with the quality and price . Thinking of ordering one for myself . Allows cords to be tangle free and neatly stored on reel .
 Length :
 Some other reviewers suggest doubly winding the cord to allow for partially unreeling . I 've not tried that , but seems like it would work . Not sure how easy it is to reel that doubled cord though.Others suggest drilling a hole in the spindle and passing the female end through the hole . This will work , but if you have any length of the cord sticking out , it 's going to fly around as you try to wind the cord.If you want to singly wind the cord without the free end flying around , then you can make a modification that stores the free male end on the outside of the spool hub . To do this you simply have to notch 4 of the 5 hub splines . This is fairly easy to do with a sharp utility knife and needle nose pliers . Then you can clip the male plug into one of the holes in the hub . See my customer photos for the details.As you unwind , the free end will stay out of the way . After unwinding the amount that you need , just free up the male end from the hub and plug it in the outlet . To reel in , just store the male end on the hub and reel it in . The free end stays completely out of the way.I have a 50 ' cord wound on this reel and it 's sturdy enough for that much cord . Bought mine at Home Depot and I 've used it often in the many years that I 've had it . It 's held up great . Yeah , it 's plastic , but sturdy enough . Nothing has broken or fallen off of mine.Giving it 5 stars because , for the price and with the modification I suggest , it 's does a great job .
 Wow some pretty fancy reviews and photos of mods for a $ 10 item ! Thanks for the ideas and pics , I had not thought of them . For the price you ca n't expect a lot , it does what I need.In my opinion if you have a hole saw then Henry 's got the best idea overall and that is what I did , saw a hole and in my case feed the female receptacle end through it . If you do n't have a hole saw then Todd 's idea is genius too , except that I want the female receptacle end to be the one to keep at the reel and not the male plug end , and it will get in the way more than the way you can wedge the male prongs end into the plastic.My use model in the yard is to plug in the power -LRB- this is the free end that is wound onto the reel last -RRB- then hold it in my hands and unspool it as I head across the yard to where my leaf blower or power tool is and setup there . That way I do n't have to walk back to the other end and plug it in , like Todd 's way . Saves trips : -RRB- A tip
 I agree with the other review regarding this being only a storage reel . However , for pure storage and being wall mountable it is perfect for me . I still have an electric blower and electric trimmer . I use the entire length each time I use these . I used to use the old elbow around the thumb cord wrap method . The cord got to the point it was almost unuseable due to the cord twisting . I put this on the new reel , mounted on the wall and my old twisted cord is almost as good as new . I like this solution
 This cord reel serves well in storing and using myColeman Cable 02409-88-04 100-Foot 14/3 SJTW Vinyl Outdoor Extension Cord , Red . As the reviewer R. Armstrong suggested , one only needs to fold the cord in half , place that `` middle '' end under the hook of the reel -LRB- see additional pictures -RRB- and start rolling in `` both '' cords for storage . When you need to use it , just place the reel approximately half a distance between wall outlet and the job site and pull the cords out . It works for me .
 I probably have one of the first ones made . I did n't buy it from Amazon , I do n't think Amazon was around when I bought it . I 've had it so long it has turned yellow . I bought 2 and gave one to a Brother Inlaw . He still uses his , mine finally gave up the ghost this week . I just now ordered 2 more from Amazon , I hope they will be as good as these . I used it mostly with a Leaf Blower . I also use the double-wind method and since I need it portable I mounted it on a 1X8X24 '' board and when rewinding the cord I stand on one end of the board this keeps the reel sturdy and easier to rewind . When using it I place the reel at the halfway point of the worksite this gives me room to maneuver without having to drag the reel .
 a handy reel but plug not acessable , Hole saw a hole just big enough for cord cap to fit thrue in shaft.Push thrue hole leave a foot and you are in business
 It 's easy to use and lightweight . I wish I would have thought of purchasing one years ago !
 I have a 100 ft electric cord -LRB- 14 gauge -RRB- that want to keep it organized . This worked very well . First I had to unwind the whole cord and fold it so both female and male outlets are at one end . Started winding from another end . So when I release the wire , both male end and female end gets un-winded . I wish there is a lock of some sought to the reel . When you are using it tends to turn and loosens the wire . When it is time to wind the cord , you got to tighten the loose wire before you wind it.On the whole , I like the product . I will recommend it .
 Very good value for the price . I bought three of these . They will even hold up to 100 feet of heavy 12 gauge extension cord . Now I am ready for when the power goes off to hook up to the generator .
 I used this for the outdoor extension cord . It rolled up very nice withease . The top handle makes it easy to holdand the stand on the bottom makes for easystorage .
 This makes it easy to wind up your long cords . Works easy and sturdy . It holds 100 feet of cord .
 Price is great . But , you will need to tie the middle of the extension cord to the hook , in order to use.You can read other people 's reviews to understand this , but will need to buy the Plastic Ties separately , if you dont have it .
 Bought this for my US Wire 99100 12/3 100-Foot SJEOW TPE Extreme Weather Extension Cord Blue with Lighted Plug . As noted in a previous review I bent the chord into 2 50 &#34; lengths tied the the bent end to the reel and rolled up woks a lot better . A little flimsy but it works
 Easy to use wind up electric cord ! No more over the arm/under the elbow.HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!! Very easy to use !!
 This reel does just what it is supposed to . It is more light duty than I had hoped , but it still works just fine and is holding up well .
 Very light weight and able to accept the 100-ft 12 gauge extension cord I just purchased . It coils up the cord very nicely on its wheel . Although it is billed for150-ft cord reel , my 12 gauge extension cord fill the wheel up completely . It should advertise that it is for 16 gauge 150-ft extension cord . Very nice reel , would recommend it to my friends .
 so far so good-its about as cheap feeling as it looks but it actaully can handle alot more that what it looks like it could-have not had the chance to break it in but its working so far we put the cord on it and it holds it well .
 I got tired of untangling my100ft 12/3 entension cord every time I wanted to use it . So I bought the Bayco K-100 hoping the cord would fit on it . It fits A-OK . Like others commented -- start winding up from the middle of the cord with both ends sticking out at the outside . That way , you just need to unreel the amount of cord you need .
 I purchased this to hold my 12/3 Yellow Jacket 2884 50-Ft . cable . It 's a tight fit but it did hold the entire 50-ft . This is a nice and inexpensive way to protect this expensive cable .
 The Bayco reel truly helps keep electrical cords neat and tidy , plus it 's so easy to reel the cord up when it 's time to put things away . The best part is that it is so efficient at keeping the cords free from kinks and you always know where your cord is at and that it will be in perfect working order . I highly recommend this item for all of your electrical cord needs .
 Very sturdy and stable and loaded my 50 ' of cord in 5 minutes . Takes up little room and handy handle for easy moving-can tell this was an excellent purchase ! Gets twists and kinks out of cord , makes cord easy to use and frees up garage space from heap of wrapped cord.Only gave 4 stars due to only have room for another 15 ' to 20 ' of cord and do n't know how would handle with 100 ' of cord and do n't think possible to get 150 ' on there at all-but for what I need it for it is perfect.Combined with another order for free shipping and was here in less than 48 hours .
 I found this reel to be just what I wanted.The problem I did find was trying to start the wire , it did not fit under the clip.Now I 'm trying to install 100 Ft of12/3 heavy duty extension wire , but the plug made it to bulkie and it would ' t layright . So I decided to cut the retaining clip off and with a Hole Saw drill1 1/4 '' hole in the drum , near where the wire clip was . it worked great in two aspects.The hole provided a place to put the plug in -LRB- the plug , -LRB- female end -RRB- now entered the center of the reel making it handy incase you wanted to plug a wire into it -RRB- This allowed a place where the plug is out of the way , gives you access to thefemale end and holds the cord in place when trying to reel the extension , it also removes the bump created by the plug.The cord winds smoothly and the reel canaccept 100 ' of 12/3 heavy duty extension cord.It really worked out well.Veryhappy with it .
 Compact in size . Thought that it would never hold 150 ' of cord - it did . The stand is very helpful as it remains near the outlet . No more knots in my cord and much neater storage .
 This is a must have product for any extension cord longer then 50 feet . Winding cords on the arm caused then to twist with each turn . Unwinding the cord causes tangles , waste time and is frustrating . Storing 50 foot plus extension cords on this reel is easy and fast . The hub has a plastic type hook for one end of the cord . As you wind up the cord it reels up easily on the spool for easy storage . Having cords on a reel makes them easier to spot vice a pile of entension cords . The reel is orange plastic that will never rust . Unwinding the cord is easy , just walk the cord out . The top handle on the winder makes picking up the cord/reel easy . The large capacity will allow for multiple cords . On a hot muggy day I want to trime my lawn , hook up my grass blower and be done with it . This product saves me time , keeps my cord untangled , reels out easy and reels up fast . You can also wipe the cord with a rag when winding to get wet grass and other debris off the cord before storing , just put one foot on the bottom of the reel . I have several of these reels some have 50 feet of 12/3 line - great product .
 I got this for my 100 ft cord , used for my electric mower . it works well , I just think the durability of this plastic might be a problem in future , although it is good now . so I gave a four star .
 Bought the outdoor electrical cordColeman Cable 04218 14/3 SJTW Vinyl Outdoor Extension Cord , Red , 3-Outlet , 50-Footand neglected not to buy this cord reel.After a few weeks of trying to wind up the cord effectively - and then untying the knots when I had to use it again , decided to get the reel . It 's money very well spent - simple and does the job . Perhaps not the most rugged design , but it keeps the cord from being damaged without being stored in this reel .
 I followed others ' advice and wound my 100-ft cord from the middle -LRB- I 'm not sure a longer cord would fit -RRB- . I set the reel about half way from an outlet to where I need to work and pull out both ends at the same time . Makes it easy to plug in and get the work done . Not the most stable reel - it usually falls over as I pull out more cord but other than that , it works fine .
 I FIND THIS ITEM A VERY HELPFUL ITEM FOR LONG ELECTRICAL CORDS.BUT -- I DRILLED A HOLE IN THE LARGE AREA OF THE HOLLOW ` HUB ` AND RAN THE CORD INTO THE HOLLOW AREA AND RE-INSTALLED THE -LRB- male -RRB- plug through it and just a lttle ` sticking out ' a short line attached to it can now reach the supply ` outlet ' and when re-winding unplug this short piece and the winding goes very well .
 Easy to use product ; it was purchased as replacement for a virtually identical cord reel manufactured by a different company , which had fallen off the wall and the handle broke -LRB- I had that reel for a number of years -RRB- . When first winding the cord onto the reel , attach it to the hook on the reel at the cord 's midpoint , and then wind both halves together onto the reel ; when unwinding it , place the reel midway between the outlet and the device you want to plug into the cord , then unwind both ends simultaneously until you achieve the proper lengths . Frankly , I find it 's easier when 2 people are working the reel - one holding the reel , and the other one holding the ends of the cord . I had no problem winding a 100-foot heavy outdoor extension cord onto this reel .
 Its a plastic cord reel , with a crank . For this price you get what you pay for.It works ... You ca n't really plug in one end and then unroll the other end as you pull.Physics of the reel dictates you really have to unroll the WHOLE cord , do whatyou wan na do , and then roll it up again . It does keep things tidy .
 Correction watch the video and this gadget does work ! Not heavy duty construction , but does the job!This was a recommendation to purchase with the 100ft extension cord , sounded like a reasonable idea to me , however , this is extremely lightweight plastic and can not handle an outdoor cord . It was a good price and not worth returning , but totally useless for a heavier outdoor cord . Impossible to use as shown in the picture !
 Just what I needed . Hold and winds quickly my 120 ft cord with room to spare . I 'm very happy with it .
 So far so good . I 've had this quite a while now and it has held up well . It is sturdy & easy to use . It gets knocked around alot and it 's fine so all in all , I 'd say a good bargain for what it is . Really helps keep the cords organized & saves so much time not having to untangle all the knots . I love it .
 Great cable management reel for the price . If you have long 100 ' cable , this product will do the trick . It 's built pretty sturdy and can withstand some abuse .
 This a cheap but effective way to store 100 ' 12/3 extension cords . The reviews were right on and I appreciate the help . Remember you are getting what you are paying for . These are not designed to last for generations - but they are effective in reducing the clutter of piles of unkempt cables making it much easier to roll out for use .
 I was a little skeptical when I received this reel . I thought it would not be able to handle my heavy duty Husky 100 ' cord I bought it for , but it stood up to the task . I 'm happy with the purchase . I no longer have to struggle with the weight of the cord while wrapping it around my arm . I used it today and it works well . Rolled that 100 ' cord back up without a hassle at all . Notches that are illustrated to hold cord are non existent .
 The Bayco reel is lightweight , almost to point of being flimsy , but it works well . I followed one reviewer 's advice and folded the cord in half and looping the midpoint under the hook , so that both ends of the cord are accessible . This makes it possible to spool out only as much cord as I need .
 This reel is good considering how much it costs . It ca n't hold more than 100 feet , in most cases . I only use it for storage , not for having a cord plugged in and half wound up at the same time .
 It 's a little unstable when cranking the handle but I usually just step on one side of the base and that helps considerably . The guy who suggested wrapping the cord from the midpoint instead of one end was right on , that helps things considerably . Even after you pull a little hard trying to take out some slack and the cord goes off the reel it 's easy to fix because the reel sides go close to the frame . I have no complaints , it does what it 's supposed to do .
 This works and does its job . Body seems little week though . I hope it holds well . Giving 4 stars .
 This is a bit smaller than I expected but this works great for my chords for the snow thrower , lawn mover and leaf blower .
 This is great if you just want something to roll your cord up in for storage , not much else . Its very light , but it works for me I was hanging my cord on a nail in the storage room .
 Great reel . Saves a lot of time . Take the advise of another reviewer and double up the cord , tie the middle of the cord to the reel and roll up that way . Saves you half the time .
 Just what I was looking for . I could not be happier and a great price . If you need a easy way to store your extension cables this is it .
 On receiving , I was a bit skeptical , as it does seem a bit flimsy , and smaller than I thought . But following the instructions of another review , `` Works just fine for 100 ' 12/3 outdoor extension cord , January 12 , 2010 '' by Robert S. Tobias , it does fit , quite nicely , a 100 ' 12/3 extension cord . The horizontal foot makes a nice place to hold as you reel the cord in and allows you to guide it with your free hand . I would n't want to be using it daily on a construction site , but for household use , seems enough . Only time will tell as to how robust it is , but certainly makes carrying the 100 ' cord around a lot easier .
 This product worked as advertised , and I used the method mentioned in another review using wire ties connected to the middle of the cord and reeling my 100 ' 16/3 cord in half the time .
 This product works just fine for a person that does not use a cord for he often if you use it a lot like in a construction site it 's too light weight but for a homeowner it works just fine thank you
 I did not like this type of reel.For my use , I needed a extension cord reel which would allow meto have the male end facing out through the reel.So I could plug in into the outdoor outlet .
 Good reel for the money . I only have a 50 foot extension cord wrapped around it and it works perfectly for this length . No sure how it handles the 150 foot but the 50 is fine .
 This is an inexpensive cord reel . For what it is , it 's worked very well for us . I see reviews about `` doubling '' the wire to make it easier to reel , but I have good luck on smaller -LRB- thinner -RRB- cords where I just reel it straight in . These are 100 ft. cords . Thicker cords are problematic , probably because of the physics involved -LRB- a thicker cord takes up more space ... -RRB- . If they advertised it as a 100 ft. reel people would be surprised on the upside . Bottom line
 I went with the `` fold your cord in half and reel '' idea and this thing worked perfectly . Without this reel the cord used to get tangled up ten different ways . This will make your life easier and could n't be a better deal at $ 9.75 .
 I was n't expecting much , but the lack of thought for minding the cord when rolled up in order to plug it in is nonexistent ... as is a way to keep the outside end secure once wound up . It does do the job , and is certainly cheap enough if tangled cords are a huge frustration to you as was to me .
 Well it does what it 's supposed to - it helps keep the electrical cord organized . Only problem is that the reel itself is very light so it keeps falling over if there is n't enough cord still attached to it to hold it down . But seeing as I knew I was buying a plastic cord reel , I did not really expect it to be perfect . It does its job and that 's it - a bare necessity . Not ideal , not perfect , but works .
 No complaints really . Nothing fancy , but does the job it was design for . Would recommend .
 What can I say ? It 's a power cord reel . The clip in the reel to hook your extension cord into is n't really big enough for heavy-duty cords , so you might have issues if you have an outdoor-quality cord , but I could certainly work around it . It can be a little awkward to wind the thing up once you actually get it started , but I 've found that if you just brace the base of the reel against your abdomen , it becomes really easy to crank the thing in . So basically , it does the simple task it was designed for , but do n't expect magic .
 Serves my purpose.Attached to the wall and drilled a hole thru the center and non handle side.This allows the plug end of cord to slide thru allowing the remainder of 100 ft cord to coil without any difficulty.It was mounted 1.5 ft from the outlet .
 Some people suggest using this reel to wind both ends toward the middle . This works , I guess , but with a few minutes and a knife , you can make this thing work the way a reel should work
 I 'll give this product 5 starts because it made winding my 100 foot power cord so much easier . Using the elbow-thumb technique was a real chore , and the cord still got twisted now matter how carefully I tried to coil it . After all that time using your electrical garden power tools and cleaning up - who would want to coil an uncooperative cord the `` old fashion '' way ? This is an excellent bargain for ten bucks and the cord looks so neat and tidy all wound up on the reel . Thank you Bayco & Amazon for an excellent product .
 This is a lightweight , inexpensive cord reel that actually holds 150 feet of 14-gauge extension cord . The only thing I would have liked would be if there was a way to have the plug extend from the reel so that you could plug it in without having to completely unwind it from the reel . Otherwise , it works as advertised .
 I use this reel for my 12/3 100-foot Extreme Weather Extension Cord -LRB- the BEST outdoor cord ever ! -RRB- and I 'm really happy with the simplicity , lightness and portability of this reel . It winds easily and is compact.This 150-Foot Cord Reel holds 100 feet of 12 gauge cord perfectly - the only drawback is that the clip that holds the starter end to the reel is too small for a cord this thick . So , I just hold it in place and manually wrap the first wind , then I use the handle to wind the rest .
 I had been looking for a cord reel for a very long time . After my purchase , it made my job a lot easlier when putting away my cord . Ease of use is great !
 it was just what i was looking for great price great item simple and very handy easy to use .
 This light weigh , small piece of plastic has made my life so much easier . My 150 ' electric cord wrapped around this reel in seconds ! No more tripping over this cord lying in a big mess in my shed ! Lucky me , I can actually carry this around now with no problem !
 I like this reel for the most part . I wish there was some way to pull one end out through the middle of the axle so you could plug it in without having to unwind the entire cord . There is a small retaining clip on the reel to hold one end in place as you start to wind it , but it gets lost under the wrappings of the cord , so you ca n't get to it unless you unwind the whole thing . Perhaps a plug on the reel that leads to a small length of cord attached to the base -LRB- to be in turn plugged in to the wall -RRB- would help . I guess that is too much to ask for at this price point though.All in all a good reel , with a good handle for winding . It does the job , and I would buy another if the need arose .
 Very nice for the money . We are actually using one of the 3 we purchased to hold hose for an oxygen unit . Much easier to unroll it to wherever I to go with my 50 feet of hose than to untangel a mess .
 Use the center wind method mentioned in other reviews of this product to make it easier to wind and unwind . It is an inexpensive storage tool that works ; what more can one ask ? I would have rated it 5 stars if they had sealed the hub , handle and bottom rests at both ends .
 had a heavy gague , 100 ft long cord , fit in the reel w / no problems ... works better than winding the cord around a piece of wood ! -LRB- lol -RRB-
 Sturdy plastic . Be sure the pigtail is no longer that 3 feet - it will bind up as you unwind it or wind it up . Heavy cords should be totally unwound to keep it from overheating . Good for hobbies and around the house .
 I purchased this product to store my 12g 150 power cord . It wound the cord easily and I did not have any tangling issues . I read the reviews and tried the methods that was on some of them . It really does not need to be split length wise to wind but it does make it easier to unwind to use . All in all it made my 150ft cord easier to manage . I like the price and it does the job .
 This is my second purchase for this type cord reel . The first one I do n't remember where I purchased it but is has lasted a long time without any problems . I can be pretty rough on equipment but this has held up good . I purchased this reel to go with a 100 foot very heavy duty cord . It holds the 100 foot cord okay . I use a smaller gauge cord on my other reel and it holds probably a 150 ft. I specially wanted this type reel because I saw on the internet where you can hook the cord in the middle with a plastic zip tie and roll up the cord from the middle and you are actually rolling two cords at the same time and it takes half the time to roll up the cord and takes half the time to unroll . It works great !
 I put a 100-foot cord into this and it fit well , but there was n't much room for more cord . I think fitting 150 feet of cord in it is questionable . The reel is a little flimsy , but lightweight and gets the job done . Also a huge +1 to the other reviewer who suggested the tie-wrap-at-halfway suggestion . That works so well with this item , I 'm about to purchase a half-dozen more , one for each of my cords .
 Thank you for the excellent idea on how to make this item work ! The photographs showing how to make the notches in the winder were excellent and it works ! Maybe you are an engineer at heart !
 I bought this Bayco K-100 150-Foot Cord Reel for my Coleman 100 feet outdoor orange extension cord . The cord fits great on this reel and easy to handle . Great price too !
 This product is fairly straight forward and easy to use . The plastic is a bit thinner then I was expecting , but still seems durable . For a quick and inexpensive way to store those long and pesky power cords , this is definitely a good choice .
 Used it on a 100 ft heavy duty cord - still have room for more ; turns easy even my 5yr old could turn it . Like I said works exactly like it should .
 This reel works very well with a 100 foot , 16 gauge cord . It makes winding and unwinding very fast and easy .
 I found other reviews helpful when ordering this product - specifically , do not expect to be able to use your cord while it 's attached to the reel . This is a storage reel only . It 's much preferred in my opinion than trying to manually reel in the cord on my arm or wrapped around a chair top .
 When I was ordering my new leaf blower , this cord reel popped up . Since I am sick and tired of wrestling the 100 ' extension cord around , I thought for $ 10 , why not ? I am so glad I read some of the comments left by other buyers . Thanks to them , I knew to use a little zip cord to make a loop in the center of the extension cord , loop that in the hook in the base of the reel and wind the cord , doubled up . It worked great , although the 100 ' of cord totally filled the reel .
 I just love this Bayco Reel . It has made my tool area so much nicer having all the electric cords all rolled up in one place .
 This reel takes most of the hassle out of managing electrical cords . If there were a way to feed the plug out of the hub , like a garden hose reel , the product would be near perfect . A hook to hang the device from a wall would be nice , also . Anyone who handles electric cords should have one of these .
 When I received the reel , after reading all the reviews , my response was `` Cute , but my 100 foot 12 gauge cord will not fit - No Way . My wife divided the cord in half and I zip tied the middle as recommended . We rolled the cord-much to my amazement IT FIT ! -LRB- All be it , barely -RRB- . But now it will cost much more than expected , I have to buy dinner at a place of my wife 's choice .
 This is my second purchase . The first one was for the heavier gauged extension wires . I once thought one big reel would be nice to roll up all wires I got , but the heavy gauge wires , just one extension is heavy enough to carry so I 'm ok to have several . This one is used for 12 gauge 100 feet wire . Works fine and it dies help to tie the mid section of the wire to roll up . Highly recommend and will use many times until I go full wireless mode .
 I like this unit . It is not quite as heavy duty as the Alert Stamping 7000WR unit but I used it to store two 50 ' extension cords plugged together in the middle . I used the suggested method of putting the middle of the extension cord at the center and rolled up the cords into 1 100 ' reel . Works well .
 Can be unstable if not supported - the base could have been a bit longer . One solution would be to bolt base to a 4 ft 2x6 . But it works fine for the few times I use it each year . I have 100 ' 12g extension cord and I wind it from the center of the cord - much easier that way . There is a hook on the spindle so you can connet the cord easily with a tie-wrap . Very good value !
 Found a review to find middle of extension cord and install and secure a tie wrap to hook to spool and wind cord from middle with both male and female connectors on the exterior of reel for use of any lenght of cord without taking the whole cord from the reel . A reel super Idea .
 Up until now , we had multiple power cords that had no home in the garage , so they literally just laid around and developed those annoying kinks and knots . I decided that enough was enough and bought this one for my boyfriend for Christmas . I was unsure of the lengths of any of his power cords and bought this one on a whim . Now one of our three cords has a home ! We will definitely be investing in another one for one of our other cords .
 VERY fast cutting crosscut saw for carpentry use . My wife even uses it to cut landscape timbers ! I find it very useful for general carpentry .
 This is my second irwin pull saw . I use it in my woodworking shop to cut down boards into shorter pieces . It is outstanding . I have never seen a better cutting saw .
 They are regular bungees ... just hard to find this size in the stores ... good for small needs .
 ... maybe not perfect , but what the heck is ? Since I now use a wheelchair for mobility , this remote door lock is a godsend ... I could not reach to unlock the door with a key ... also , I can lock/unlock from bed ... works well , sometimes a little slow if from a distance ... but I am extemely happy this exists and works!And since it has been sometime since a review , the remote buttons are recessed , and many other issues appear resolved ... I 'd buy again !
 I love this remote . My boyfriend and I fight to see who can lock the door the fastest . It is fabulous when I get out of the car and do n't want to balance keys and items from the car . It has a great range and I often crank my car and lock the door from the car.My only challenge it not necessarily a problem with the lock , but in the winter , my front door shrinks some which cause the deadbolt to not lock or not open . Right now , the lock is not completely opening and I had to use a knife to get the lock to move completely out of the way.Update - 1 year later . The lock broke in the locked position . I had to break into my house through a window . The bolt would NOT MOVE . I had to unscrew the lock from the inside once I got in , and had to replace the lock with a regular one . I ruined the doorframe trying to pry the lock back and open . I do n't regret the lock , but it was a nightmare when it broke .
 This was a replacement for the old Black and Decker system that is no longer made . Perfect fit , easy instructions , great lock works 100 % . Even comes with it 's own phillips screw driver that is the correct size.This company have made great improvements on this lock and the technology is current . The key way is an SW1 the best keyway in the US . Locksmith was impressed , as old keyway was KW . It came well packages and very quickly . Would recomend that if you need an electronic entry way and do n't want to mess with pushing numbers in the dark , this is the answer . Our entry is on the dark side and you can push the buttom on the key fob transmitter and open or close the lock . The red and green light tells you if the transmitter and reciver connected . Well worth the money with two fob transmitters and two SW-1 keys.The old one had a red led inside to tell when it was locked the new does not .
 I Have been using this RF deadbolt for about 2 months now and it works great . It was a snap to install and works as advertised . Remote range is pretty good , about 25ft or so . The construction is sturdy , and brass has a nice finish . The instructions were pretty decent and only tricky part is lining up the dead bolt hole to the dead bolt . If you do n't get that accurately it may not lock , and give you the annoying error beep . It took me a few tries to get it right . Make sure you check the little switch in the back and its in the position for left or right hand door otherwise the remote buttons will work in opposite . I called Morning industries to verify this and their customer service was AWESOME . Very helpful and knowledgeable . I ended up ordering two more remotes from them too . Best part of the system is you can add and remove remotes as you wish . If you loose one just erase it from the system and add a new one .
 I had one of these a long time ago . I wanted to get one for my new condo . Installed perfectly!No issues.Love it .
 Installation is quite easy with this unit and you do n't even have to replace the locks you already have in place . Where I live I can not replace the BEST industrial locks on the doors but I still wanted the remote feature . All I had to do was unscrew the indoor side and replace it with the mechanical unit from this . The existing screws worked all the same and I was able to complete the installation in a few minutes.At first install the range of the remote was n't that far . I e-mailed tech support and they told me to line the back of the unit with duct tape and that should help . Well I ended up just using some masking tape and the range increased about 5-10 feet . This only seems to be an issue on Metal Doors . But overall I am very satisfied with the lock.The main reason I purchased this unit is because it can work with INSTEON Home Automation Products with the `` MorningLinc '' adapter . We the switches I have around the house I can choose to lock the doors . This comes in handy with the table side switch I have on my nightstand , at night I just press a button and all the doors get locked and I can sleep with that peace of mind.All in all I was very satisfied with this unit and would recommend it to anyone especially if you have INSTEON products in your house.UPDATE
 The lock looks & works great . However one remote has failed after 2 months . I fear the other may as well . Good lock , weak remote . If it had a better remote & I would give 5 stars ...
 I received my remote control deadbolt and had it installed and working within an hour . Just follow the directions to the letter and you should have no problem ... the instructions are a little sparse but the illustrations are good . Now for the remotes ... if they were a little better I would have given 5 stars . They are very cheaply made ... now do n't get me wrong ... they work ... just you may have to push the button 2 or 3 times ... mostly twice for me . Since I have n't had them too long I ca n't say how long they will last ... but it would n't surprise me if they lasted only six months . They are however cheap to replace . Anyway lock performs great ... remote has a decent range -LRB- 30 - 40 feet -RRB- just hope the remote lasts longer than it looks .
 RF Remote Deadbolt , BrassThis is a GREAT PRODUCT We have used it for over a year and have not had any problems with unit or the remotes . It was super easy to install and has worked flawlessly as described in the product review . Two thumbs up for a great , easy to use product .
 Morning Industries should display both parts of this product to fully illustrate the appearance of the completed installation . The lock is sturdy and nice looking .
 Bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas and she loves it ! I was able to use with existing outside hardware -LRB- not allowed to change b/c of HOA rules -RRB- I highly recommend for people that always have their arms full !
 Easy to install and easy to use . I love not having to struggle to put the key in the keyhole . Plus if you get the same brand of knob you can very easily set the remote to work on both at the same time .
 Perfect for handicapped people who know who 's at the door -LRB- i.e. nurse , relative , take out food , drug store , other expected people -RRB- . You can unlock and/or lock the door from approx . 20 feet away without getting up . It beeps once to confirm an unlock and beeps twice to confirm it locked . I installed it myself . It no more difficult than an ordinary dead bolt install . My first lock had a short and drained the battery in a week . They 're customer service was very helpful and shipped a replacement out . It 's working perfectly now .
 THIS REMOTE CONTROL DEADBOLT LOCK IS EVERYTHING THAT I WANTED . THERE WAS ONE ON MY HOUSE WHEN I BOUGHT IT . REPLACING IT WAS A PROBLEM . NONE OF THE BIG BOX STORES CARRY THIS ITEM . I WAS SO GLAD TO FIND IT ON AMAZON.COM . I WAS A LITTLE RETICENT THAT IT MIGHT NOT BE GOOD . IT IS GREAT . NO REGRETS . IT 'S NOT CLEAR IN THE DESCRIPTION ... LET ME TELL YOU ... YOU GET TWO KEYS AND TWO REMOTE CONTROLS . PERFECT . YOU CAN LOCK YOUR DEADBOLT AS YOU WALK AWAY TOWARD YOUR CAR . YOU CAN UNLOCK IT AS YOU APPROACH YOUR DOOR WHEN RETURNING . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 I had a different brand of remote lock in the past and it was not as well constructed or as nice looking as this Morning Industry model . The lock installed easily and quickly -LRB- just remember if installing on a steel door to put duct tape on the back of the metal bracket on the inside of the door to keep it from touching the door , otherwise there will be interference with the signal -RRB- . It has a solid feel and works well thus far . The bronze is lighter than my Kwikset knob and I wish this company sold a knob with it in matching finish . Otherwise , it 's great !
 Overall this product is working well for me . Installation is fairly easy -LRB- easier if you 've put in a door lock before -RRB- . However , the directions included in the box I received leave a lot to be desired . The clear -LRB- C -RRB- and set -LRB- S -RRB- buttons were mislabled on the direction sheet . Go by what 's printed on the unit itself . Also , fyi , the small switch lets you toggle the open/closed directions of the lock depending on how your door is hung .
 Very good item . I had a minor installation problem , called the company and they gave clear instructions and were very curtious . The lock itself is well made and very convenient . I would recommend this remote deadbolt to everyone . I Always use the remote and have n't used the key since I 've had this !
 I have to say it less than perfect but does work the majority of the time . It is just so frustrating that no one else makes these in a high quality design ! Schlage claims it ca n't be done for residential stuff due to poor alignment of so many deadbolt installations and the amount of force needed to through the bolt . I say that is hogwash ! If this company can make one that pretty much works most of the time and sell it for peanuts then I KNOW it can be designed with a larger housing inside , stronger motor , more battery , and/or more reduction ratio or whatever the term is so that the same amount of force is multiplied only slower ... like 1st gear on a 10 speed bike rather than 5th gear for instance ... yes it already is kinda slow and it would be slower still but have mor ummph ! So a company like Schlage or kwikset or Baldwin or whoever is without excuse ! It could be done absolutely and we could also have the keypad and cel phone / PC interface to provide access to someone even though we are accross the country etc etc. . The big guys have these bells and whistles but they cant even give you a motor like this company did ! People that have the Schlage for instance can only go though Schlage web site to allow someone to turn the bolt manually RIGHT NOW THIS SECOND to unlock the door , and then all over again to RELOCK it ! That has to be a nightmare ! Oh I know if we wanted to shell out thousands of dollars we could have commercial stuff installed but I am talking about real world homeowner two hundred buck maximumish ... this is state of the art , like it or not ... at least they make the effort and it helps some of us .
 great heater for the price and size , heats my 2 1/2 car garage just fine . On low keeps garage at about 45 degrees and will get it up to 70 + degrees on medium + , here in chicago cold weather .
 This heater does a great job of heating my 24x26 two car garage in northern Indiana . It arrived from the seller within 48hours of placing my order with standard delivery . The only thing that keeps it from being a five star is lack of a mounting assembly . A little bit of chain wrapped around a ceiling joist took care of that though . It does require a special 240 volt outlet , but the materials to run it can be purchased at any home improvement store . It took me about 20 minutes to run the wire and install the outlet and breaker .
 I live in Texas and have a 520 sq ft garage with ceiling/walls insulated , 1 car garage door not insulated and 3 windows . I checked around for code requirements in our area and wired the 240 v/30 amp electrical myself . Mounted the unit hanging down from the ceiling , turned it on and in 2 hours it already had the upper half of the garage up to 60f degrees when 35f outside . Let it run overnight and the garage was 75f next morning ... low to mid 30s outside . Thermostat on the unit turns off the fan and heater coils once chosen temperature is reached . Shipper had issues getting the unit shipped ... stated waiting for manufacture to ship . Per Amazon 's recommendation , I had to send a followup e-mail to shipper to get status of shipment . After that , the shipper sent status mails until the unit had a shipping tracking number . If you need this unit , order early . Took 2 weeks to arrive from the day I ordered it . For our needs ... great price , compact unit and heats as expected .
 Great heater for the money !! I have a 2 1/2 car attached garage in Minnesota . I was afraid this heater would be too small to fully heat it up but thought as long as it takes the chill out I would be satisfied . WOW am I satisfied , @ below zero temps outside it has no problem heating up my garage to 70 degrees quite quickly . Plus for me it was way easier to wire in a 30 amp outlet than to mess with trying to run gas line for a gas style heater . As far as cost to run , I kept my garage set at around 50-55 degrees last month -LRB- it was dang cold here too -RRB- my bill went up about $ 46 . My opinion ... WORTH EVERY PENNY !!!
 Shipping was extremely fast ! I opened the box and plugged it in to the 30 amp 240 volt outlet I have in my garage and it warmed it up fast . I have a 400 SQFT garage in the Chicago-land area -LRB- currently it is 10F outside -RRB- but it is 78F in my garage.The price was right , the heater is good and it was an easy and fast transaction.I am very happy with the Marley Heater !!
 This Heater is very efficient , It heats up my garage very warm , especially for auto painting . My father had metal etched a part for a car and the heater kept the garage at painting temperature of 70 degrees F.
 This is a very nicely produced flood light . While it is advertised as Bronze , implying a brown hue , it is more of a pleasant gun metal gray hue . It is easy to adjust and lock into a flood pattern and the ability to unscrew the lens to replace the lamp is very useful . A functional and easy to install/maintain light at reasonable price . Note that there is no motion or dark activation included , it 's a simple direct wired light .
 The product was delivered as promised . It took about a week to ship , but then I got a tracking number and it arrived promptly . I was happy with the transaction .
 Boy , i have used a lot of different saws in my time . This is one of the best deals on the planet . The handle is great because it feels comfortable to pull through the cut , more comfortable than my traditional Dozuki straight handles . It cuts straight and smooth . Leaves a decent finished edge . Hard teeth stay sharp a long time , even cutting plywood and Oak . Really a great saw for $ 20 !
 This saw is wonderful . It might not suit you if you are making smaller pieces -LRB- drawers -RRB- , but for case work , it rocks .
 I needed a saw that would work great on some very thin wood . I found this on Amazon and it works Great on any wood that is very thin say anything less than 1/4 '' . So I purchased it on Amason .
 I chose this rating , because I have always loved this brand of spacking . I like everything about this product . I will be buying more in the future .
 We were moving and the kids did a number to the walls . This small container was actually more than we needed for all of the little dings and dents . I love that it has the dry indicator -LRB- goes from light pink to white -RRB- because I am not an expert at home improvements , so it was extremely helpful .
 Had a small hole in my door got this and sand paper . Did the job ! Got what I needed done with fixing my door .
 Patched a hole bigger than a golf ball and worked fine , has a matte finish when completely dry . Home Depot sells for half the price .
 Dries very quickly and is white when it dries . Goes on pink so you know when it dries . Good stuff for filling in holes and good price for the amount you get .
 Very nice tub spout , met my expectations completely . Very easy to install if you have a set of large allen wrenches or drive sockets.Plenty of volume and a smooth stream . No splashing .
 This product is worth it ! Excellent quality and assortment . I am often skeptical about such purchases , but I reassure you this product will be exactly what your looking for . I use them for extra straps for backpacking , and for setting up a camo tarp while hunting and camping in my hammock . Good color and strong plastic hooks which I wanted in order to prevent noise and tears in my pack . I may just buy another set . A +
 This product is well made and good quality . The assorted sizes are great for a mixture of jobs.I will be ordering more of these .
 Good selection of perfectly camo bungees . Just as described . No problems whatsoever . Might order a second batch .
 I purchased the Highland Camouflaged Bungee cords a few years ago for my boat.I use them all boating season and Duck / Goose hunting to secure any loose items.The `` camo '' colors not only compliment the boat but have proven to be fuctional andVERY resilient to `` extreme use '' year after year . Only time I 've had to replace theHighland Bungee cords was either because they were lost or damaged by `` ME '' . I would -LRB- and do -RRB- recommend them HIGHLY to others .
 Nicely packaged and a nice assortment of bunjees . I like the camouflage design , since they are n't as gaudy .
 I 've purchased at least four of these sets over the years , mainly for cabinet installation -LRB- mostly oak face frames and plywood rails -RRB- . I have snapped a couple of bits , and the countersinks dull faster than I 'd like . But for the price , this has been the best value overall . In the last 8 months or so I 've had a hard time finding them , and it looks like Hitachi may have stopped producing them . The price has gone up as well . Maybe it 's time to move on , but if I find more of these I 'll probably pick them up .
 I noticed the reviews were n't that great for this product ? ... I thought these counter-sinc bits were as good as any on the market ... they 're stong , they spin , and counter-sinc wood ... . what else are you looking for ?
 The trigger is hard to press . And I need to know where to buy the glue sticks .
 After using so many inexpensive ones from discount houses and craft houses , this glue gun is a real treat . Give it a try !
 I am very pleased with the glue gun . It has very little dripping , when resting . My old one wasted a lot of glue sticks from the dripping .
 Over the years I 've had several glue guns , from the $ 4.99 ones to larger $ 15 models , but none of them come close to what the Dremel has to offer .1 -RRB- It feels sturdy and has a nice flat surface below the cord to keep it upright plus a one-finger release of the stand on the front2 -RRB- It has 2 temperature settings . I can see `` low '' being handy for arts and crafts , but for a good bond on plastic `` high '' is perfect . Once glued the sticks are really well bonded , unlike some of the cheaper models3 -RRB- Several glue tips are included , for different styles of work4 -RRB- A nice large trigger makes pushing the sticks through easy workSome minor cons ; the `` anti drip '' feature does n't really work , you 'll still get some dripping so make sure the tip is over something to catch the glue . On `` high '' it takes around 6 minutes to heat up , which is pretty long , but like I said before ; hot glue bonds better.All in all a very nice kit for a low price , save yourself the hassle of a bad glue gun and get this one . It 'll last for years .
 I frequently use glue guns in my work and searched and searched for one that was well designed - my search is over now that I have found the Dremel . This was obviously user-designed . The features I was looking for were :1 -RRB- Stability - most glue guns have wimpy wire stands and easily tip over . The Dremel has a large , flat ` heel ' and large plastic ` kick-stand ' that keep the gun from tipping over . The stand locks into position against the body of the gun when not in use and is easily released with a push of a button . Also , the cord is well located and very flexible which contributes to the stability .2 -RRB- Drip-less - As others have mentioned , it is not 100 % drip-less , but mine has very minimal dripping - less than others I 've used . Also , it 's important to read the instructions . The drip-less feature is only activated when the stand is in the down position . If you lay the gun on it 's side with the stand up it will drip a lot - you have to put the stand down to decrease the flow of glue .3 -RRB- On/Off switch - This is the only glue gun I 've found that has an on/off switch . It is nice not to have to pull the plug between uses .4 -RRB- Indicator lights . This is a nice touch.Even though this is not a mini glue gun , it is light weight and very trim , making it very comfortable to handle . Plus there are three tips for different applications and they are very easy to change.Oh ... did I mention the price ? I would have paid twice the amount for the quality this product offers - but happy I did n't have to!Thanks Dremel for putting so much thought into the design of this glue gun !
 I bought 2 of these on Amazon . This is the best glue gun ever made . Used every day for a year and still working fine . Buy this product , You will not go wrong . ALL glue guns drip a little . Heat melts glue , I get it . Less than $ 25 with FREE shipping . How can you go wrong . Take care , Gary
 I was skeptical that this item would meet my needs . Dremel is known for it 's rotary micro tools , so after some research into the best one for my needs , I 'm glad I got it . It heats up quick , you can visually know it is ready by it 's indicator lights . Dual temp . is a must and it works well on this model . I like the retractible stand which is spring loaded . All glue guns drip a little , and this is no exception . However it has the best performance out of any I have used in the past . Dremel - 5 stars for a well done product !!!!!
 This glue gun works very well and I am quite happy with it having used it for several projects now . It takes a little time to warm up to the point where it `` says '' it is ready with it 's status lights , but keeps going til the project is done after warming up . I am happy with all aspects of this item except the anti-drip feature . Although it does drip considerably less than other glue guns I have used in the past , it is still going to drip some , so keep that in mind and watch where you put it down .
 I use this product for minor `` around the house '' things and it does just fine . I have had no problems with it and would buy it again in a second .
 It drips . Put something under it before you turn it on and use it until it 's cooled off unless you do n't mind hot glue on surfaces you ca n't or would n't easily throw away . That did n't make or break the product for me , but it has to be said because their description is misleading , to say the least.It comes with different nozzles , has two heat settings , stands on it 's own fine and the kickstand works well . A built in on switch so it does n't have to be unplugged to shut if off is nice . It 's got a work light , but I think it would have been better to position it over the glue coming out , rather than below it , unless you work with the side of the gun facing you . A red and green light tell you when the temp is optimal . Overall , I 'm happy with the product .
 Despite what many of the negative reviews here say ... the no-drip tip works just fine ! It drips a tiny bit , just one glob the size of a BB . That 's fine by me , and if you 're patient you can usually get that tiny drip onto what you 're working on , anyway . It heats up very quickly -LRB- a minute or two -RRB- , and the light is useful -LRB- though it is odd that it is underneath , not on top , of the tip -RRB- . All in all it 's a very simple and effective product .
 I find this saw is perfect for my tree pruning toolbox when I am in the yard or helping out a friend . Its great for fine cuts on smaller-mid branches . It is also super light-weight for clipping to your belt traveling up and down trees . I regularly wipe this saw down with rubbing alcohol to sterilize and a bit of vegetable oil for lube . My first one went through seven seasons , before I bought this new one this season because it finally got dull . Since I keep my toolbox in the car , occasionally I bring it into the big-box stores to cut down 2x4 's , trim , and pvc rather than use the ones laying around the isle since they are usually super dull . I really beat this saw up and it is great !
 Second one my husband has gotten and he is very happy with it . It was exactly as described and is a great saw .
 Really like the look and functionality of this piece . It was a little bulkier than I thought however it is great next to a pedestal sink where you have no counter space . It is stylish and affordable .
 product is held together by one very small screw , there should be more than one in the package and directions should tell you to put it a certain distance above the sink since there is not enough room to put it together with the soap in it unless you hang it way above the sink , it should screw together from the top , not the bottom .
 Great product . I have a pedestal sink and there is n't much room for a soap dispenser , this was a perfect solution . Easy to install and sturdy so far
 Looks Great but thats about it . Very large container , larger than expected but tolerable . The only negative is the pump top is a little wobbly but it works well . Lets see how long it lasts . Thank god it 's for adult use only .
 This is a great bag and does not restrict flow . I can still pick up rocks , nails , screws , bolts , etc. ... and the plus is when I pull the bag out , nothing has punctured through . I get my money out of these ... I let them get pretty full . Just be careful around the neck where the hose is inserted , as that can rip if your are not a little careful ... and of course , be careful , as nails will puncture through the paper bag once it is removed from the container ... e.g. if you step on it , through it around , etc. . .
 These bags are for the ShopVac 16 gallon wet-dry vac . They work just fine for their intended purpose . I would recommend them .
 On the plus side , these bags do a reasonable job of capturing dust during dry pickup so you 're not just blowing the fine stuff out the back end of the shop-vac . On the minus side , they 're pricey -LRB- c'mon , it 's just paper , guys -RRB- , and they tend to clog quickly when picking up fine particle dust -LRB- masonry residue comes to mind here -RRB- . They say James Dyson could n't sell his vacuum to Hoover because Hoover made their money selling vacuum bags . Waiting for the Dyson shop vac ...
 Great transaction , arrived fast and just as described . Installed and works great . Will return when I need to purchase replacements .
 These are great filter bags for general use . Easy to use and easy to dispose of when they get full .
 They 're vac bags . What can I say . they keep the stuff I vacuum up from exiting the vac until I decide it 's time
 I have an 18 Gallon vac and this fits it fine . I was a little worried the bag would fall off the inlet since it is n't very snug , but so far it has stayed on .
 Bought this to put on my RV , but then found out that it was not waterproof . Now I have to figure out how to keep it dry when it is wet outside as the placement does not protect it from the rain .
 it works ... . and it is loud enough for me to hear even with a hearing deficit ... + plays different tunes ... `` cute '' ... . recommended if you do n't want to hardwire a doorbell ...
 Hi there . I have a 2 bedroom and 1 bath that had no doorbell at all , just people banging on my security door , which I could sometimes not even hear . The base of this door chime is in an outlet very close to the front door . The bell works great and chimes are varied enough , although I 'll never use the ` kitchy ' ones -LRB- happy birthday , jingle bells , take me out to the ball game , 13 in total -RRB- . There are three plain chimes , and you can adjust the volume on the base for lo/med . / high . It comes with sticky foam to mount the door bell part outside and the battery for that too . Good inexpensive and simple option that has been in place for a few weeks now with no problems .
 Very useful little saw . Cuts very quickly and cleanly . While I have n't used it to cut dovetails yet , I find it VERY useful for flush cutting dowel plugs and the like . The teeth do n't have any set -LRB- they feature an alternate bevel -RRB- , and the blade is very flexible , so it 's easy to make flush cuts without damaging the adjacent surface.My only minor criticism is the location of the blade release button . Unless I 'm careful , I occasionally have a tendency to accidentally push the release with my thumb while sawing . I have learned to avoid this mistake most of the time . Others may grip the handle differently , so this may not be an issue for you.I notice that another reviewer has had problems with this saw bending . This could be the result of two factors ; 1
 This saw is marvelous for detail work and dovetails , that is IT . Do n't take this saw out of the box , and slam the blade teeth first into a tree trunk , or abuse it in any way . This is a suprisingly delicate tool . Induction hardened teeth means brittle teeth . They get the job done , but they have a tendency to break with too much force . I prefer my saw teeth to be individually hand shaped and made out of tempered high carbon steel , but Irwin 's expensive shortcut works just fine if you use it correctly , and besides , who has the time to individually hand file teeth on a saw , and who would make such a saw in the US of A ? Virtually no one . But , yeah , this is a much much more specialized tool than the average DIY'er is used to , unless they come from a family of woodworkers . I 'll try and post a picture of how tiny and fragile the teeth are , but for now , just take my word for it that I could , with a single less than herculean stroke , break off some teeth from this saw . It is fragile , but it works well . I applaud Irwin for taking the chance and making a pull saw for us casual/avid woodworkers out there , though I wish they would uphold the quality standards of 1897 instead of 2011 .
 I purchased two as I intend to give one as a gift . I am a fan of this saw , though i would appreciate replacement blades , though the price of a new saw is close to the probably cost of a replacement blade . Great value for the price . Surprisingly handier to use than a regular saw in many cases .
 This is a super little saw !!! I have yet to hand cut any dovetails with it , so I ca n't speak for it 's intended purpose , but for a trim here , and a shave there , it is out of this world.The teeth are aggressive without being out of control , and the flexible body gets it anywhere . plus , it will fit in any toolbox , bag , or belt.I have replaced this saw twice , because I was foolish enough to loan it to other people who just had to have one , too . But , at the price , you can afford to give a couple away , keep one nice , and one for junk work , or use it to ut some ugly stuff once in awhile , if it 's the best way to get in there.Great job with this one , but Irwin tools of lesser quality are few and far between . Keep up the quality .
 I 've had this saw for a few years and I 've switched to using it over my more expensive traditional dovetail saws for anything that requires fine , precise cuts -LRB- dovetails , small parts , etc -RRB- . I 've also found the blade flexibility makes it very versatile
 Reliable automatically resetting circuit breaker for automotive or other low voltage applications . It will fit in an standard ATC housing , but not in any of the ones with the little fuse-holders that come around the housing to protect the fuse . Came fast shipping via Prime !
 Works great , but it 's not really cold yet.Seems like it 's going to work exactly like what I need it to , keep my feet warm this winter .
 This unit works adequate for providing a small amount of warmth to a specefic area . It does not provide the intense heat of a rdiant heater ; but when you are moving air as fast as the Blue Blower does , it would be difficult to heat the air more than moderately .
 Good buy for the price . Works well and the controls are easily accesable . Works good for assisting in drying joint compound , carpeting , thawing out pipes , etc.etc . The only downfall is the air flow from the fan it 's mounted on is reduced .
 Exactly what i needed for quick small stuff . professional mechanic use everyday . very helpful to me . even plastic intake manifolds are no sweat . you will love this gun . very light and effortless to use .
 A very beautiful and functional small oak towel ring that fits perfectly on a small wall in the bath area of my motorhome . Only holds a washcloth , which is what I wanted it for .
 I fly the American Flag 24/7 . In order to fly it properly , I need it lit at night and in inclement weather . I save about three dollars with each purchase . So far , the bulbs have lasted for the length of time as the ones I bought in my local hardware store . I was going to give this four stars because one light was the wrong one , but customer service was just too good . No complaints as Amazon not only facilitated the replacement of the incorrect bulb , but let me keep the wrong one which I received in two days .
 If you are keying in `` V832 '' beware - that same number is also used on the shorter , 5 '' version . This is the 8 '' version . The shorter version is handy for doors with windows , and is not sold by Amazon at this writing - try local lumber yards -LRB- real ones , not Home Depot/Lowes -RRB- . This is a very burly bolt . The barrel pin is a full half inch . There is a place for a lock in the closed position . It 's intended to mount just as you see . If the small piece is a problem , you have two options . # 1 The kit includes a flat piece that mounts like a striker plate and provides a hole that sticks out . # 2 I have seen installations where they simply drill a hole in the door frame and the bolt extends into it .
 I ordered two of the Guillotine Cigar cutters for Christmas stocking stuffers . I really was n't expecting them to be so nice because they were very inexpensive . They are good quality cutters ! I could n't belived how quickly they were shipped to me . I would definitly recommed this product !
 I got my grandfather a cigar set , where I purchased various items on Amazon for his gift . This was the cutter I selected , and it did a great job . It feels like a great quality cutter -LRB- heavy metal feeling -RRB- and does a great job cutting too . For a $ 3 cutter , it would be comparable to a $ 30 cutter from a cigar store . I would recommend this to anyone who does n't care about not having a name brand cutter and does n't want to break the bank for a simple tool .
 I bought this for my husband who does n't smoke cigars much , usually he smokes 1 on the weekends , so I did n't want to invest a lot of money into it . He 's had it for 3 months and it 's worked great every time . Would buy again .
 I purchased this product as an accessory gift to a humidor present . It arrived quickly in perfect condition , and works wonderfully . Although it would be too small for cigars with a larger diameter , it performs exactly as expected for normal size . Great value for the price , I would recommend this to a friend .
 I bought this a while ago , then gave it to a friend of mine who makes cigars at home . He has trimmed hundreds of cigars with and it still works like new .
 At such a low price , i was expecting a piece of garbage . But , it works surprisingly well , used it twice since i 've got it to cut my step-fathers and my cigars we enjoyed . Once i progress as a cigar smoker , i will upgrade , but this is a nice piece to start out with .
 A little more fragile than I would 've liked , but it will work well , it 's very sharp and will serve its ' purpose .
 It 's cheap , but surprisingly sturdy . I read a few people say it broke after a couple uses but they must have been using it wrong because I 've been using it for a couple months without the slightest hint of it falling apart.Also someone mentioned it does n't fit robusto sized cigars . I 've never tried a robusto , but I smoke churchills regularly and it easily fits that size .
 My husband has been wanting to try a variety pack of different types of cigars , and I purchased this to go along with what he received at Christmas . It was easy to use , and it is fantastic for the price ! Perfect for an amateur smoker : -RRB-
 Works great ! Cuts my robustos clean and even . Great cutter and an even greater price . I do n't expect it to last forever , but you ca n't beat it for the price .
 This cigar cutter works well and is inexpensive . It 's light and the blades are sharp and sturdy . My only complaint is that -LRB- and this is unsurprising as it is held together by plastic -RRB- it feels a bit flimsy . That does not affect it 's usefulness , however , it just bothers me a bit . I have had no issues with this cutter .
 My title says it all . They are great , no need to sharpen them , and the price was perfect .
 Already used it and it works . Simple , easy to keep clean , and cheap . As the other reviewers have pointed out , it may not work with all cigars , as some may not fit into the cutter . I have not had this problem yet but that is only because I have just started to smoke cigars .
 For this price ... a double sided guillotine cutter ... great for those times you do n't want to use your expensive cutters .
 the guillotine cigar cutter was a nice addition to the humidor I got my husband for Christmas ... it was a suggested item that I would not have thought of to get . . he loved it ... thanx
 Very nice , lightweight , with two razor sharp blades ! This is an easy to handle and accurate cutter , and its not spring loaded which is also a good thing since they tend to `` stick '' and lock up . Comes with small carry case .
 It works well , cuts good , super sharp and the tolerances between the blades are fine . All in all , it 's good cutter and I will probably buy another one if this one breaks .
 This product makes precise cuts and is fairly durable . Great value for the price . It came very quickly , and was packaged well .
 This product worked as it advertised . We have used it often . And it is still sharp enough to cut the tip off the cigar without tearing the cigar . Am pleased with this product
 It is very cheap but not cheap in quality . I highly recommend it . I have used it for about a year now on and off .
 Have had no issues wit this product . Quick shipping , love using it , beats using a knife or scissors to cut a cohiba !
 I 'm pleased with the purchase . I found the cigar hole rather bigger , contrary what was hinted in one of the reviews here .
 Good and cheap cutter ! Nothing that needs to be recommended for but it 's doing the job and cost a few pennies
 Bought this cigar cutter for a groomsman 's gift . It was a big hit . It worked very well for the price . No complaints .
 its not the sharpest cutter in the world , but does the job for the price . good one to have to just toss around , or leave in the car
 This is an excellent product for the man who smokes cigars.It is inexpensive and was delivered ahead of schedule.I would highly recommend this product .
 Because of the two beveled blades this cutter causes less mis-shaping of my cigars . I smoke some dried cigars that are a bit brittle . I also use it instead of snubbing out a cigar that is partially smoked . Cut off the burning end and blow out the smoke inside the cigar . After a couple of puffs it taste pretty good re-lit .
 Not an amazing cigar cutter . It is made of plastic as you can see from the pic , but it was cheap and gets the job done . It will hold me over until I 'm ready to invest in a finer cigar cutter . My only regret is that I could have gone a little cheaper and gotten 10 for $ 10 , but this will do just fine . As long as you 're not the type to show off all of your paraphernalia , this will work just fine .
 I got this for my dad , and he loved it . It was smaller than I thought , but actually the perfect size .
 This cigar cutter works fine . I have used it about 12 times so far and it still does the trick
 Does a nice job of making a clean cut without crushing the cigar , I bought several of them to keep around .
 Handy little cutter , fairly sharp too ! This product is cheap and gets the job done . It is also safe to use .
 Anyone whom is thinking about buying one of these , keep in mind for a lot of usage this is a decent cutter , for an on the go take to the beach or somewhere other than home , this is an EXCELLENT cutter . The product is made of hard plastic and not all metal , however the blade seems to be off good quality steel . I tested it by cutting some carrot end 's and it did this with ease . Both ends of the cutter move allowing you too really get a clean cut with a good grip on the cigar . For 2-3 dollars I think this was a steal ! For anyone whom smokes cigars a little buy this cutter and save your self 20-30 dollars , since it seems to be about the same as my tungsten and steel with rubber grip cutter that I paid 25 for . Again best product for the dollar ! I ca n't comment on blade rust as I 've only owned it for a short time . However I did purchase more of these as gifts .
 I was worried about the quality of the construction but I said what the heck it 's only $ 2.95 It 's a real simple cutter nothing fancy and it does the job beautifully . This is an all manual cutter which means that it is not spring loaded . You would have to push it closed to cut and open it yourself but real smooth and easy to do . It does feel a little flimsy but it cuts beautifully and this is what I use when I go fishing so if it gets lost I 'm not out $ 40 or $ 50 bucks for a fancier one .
 Great price ! I 'm sure this will get the job done ! I would recommend this item to a friend . Ships kind of slow but no worries for $ 2.50 !
 Not much to say about this , does what it 's suppose to , clean cuts , amazing price . looks cool . I also bought a hole punch , which is what you should really be using on most cigars , but this helps save whats left of your cigar if you only smoke half .
 This is the best flashlight I have ever owned . The light is very bright and concentrated in the center of the beam .
 the alsons flowdiverter is a big help when I go to shower room . I am not sure how this flowdiverter 345-520 adapters will help me to use my shower head and the hand held shower alternately . Just close or open the valve and your satisfaction for a perfect shower is being granted .
 This is a great saw . I have installed over 20,000 square feet of flooring . I use this saw to undercut all the trim through the install . It cuts quickly and easily . The flexible blade makes it possible . In addition the easy way thhis saw breaks down -LRB- handle and blade -RRB- make it easy to store in a tool bok . I use it ofr many quick sawing needs when grabbing power would take longer .
 I have nothing but praise for the way that this saw cuts . It is a very versatile tool . I am equally disappointed that you can not buy replacement blades for the saw as the blade does eventually wear out ... very quickly with a couple of nail strikes . I will buy a whole new saw , but am not happy that I have to as the literature on the package when I bought the saw said `` Replaceable Blade '' .
 I could not find this product and color in stores and decided to search on the internet . Good quality at a great value !
 This does what it 's supposed to
 I use this tape around the edges of my watercolor paper which is stretched on a board while I am painting . It is great because it does n't damage the paper and if you clean off the paint it gives the effect of a white mat while working on it .
 Okay , it 's console tape . If you have already dozed off reading this , I totally understand . But if you want to know , here is the scoop :1 . It sticks to your console well enough but not TOO well -LRB- e.g. comes off when you need it to -RRB- .2 . Works great with the ubiquitous Sharpie that all engineers carry -LRB- ink wo n't smudge once you 've written on it -RRB- .3 . If you leave it on after your gig -LRB- BAD engineer ! -RRB- , it will come off clean days later -- no goopy glue residue .
 I know this is n't the original use for this tape , but having used it for my artwork in the past , I knew how it came clean after using . So , fed up with the cold air blowing in around my closed and locked windows , I taped the joints around where the windows and the window frames met and wallah ! No more cold air blowing in.So much easier than the shrink wrap plastic over the entire window . It comes off clean as a whistle in the spring when you want to open your windows again ! I have white painted window frames and I did n't want to rip the paint off , so this tape worked where I would n't dare try something more adhesive . It leaves no sticky residue , no pulled up paint . Yeah , duct tape would keep the wind out , but good luck with it next spring ! Measure all the way around your windows , so you buy enough tape . : -RRB-
 I used this tape during the Christmas season to create ` panes ' on my large windows . I used to use electrical tape but this is much cheaper & removes much more cleanly & easily . I will be buying more for Christmas 2012
 No residue left behind on clear vinyl window material used for fabricating marine boat enclosures ! Tried many different tapes that always had to be cleaned up after use ... . This one works !!! Just had to think outside the box ... It sure beats the only alternative - $ 100.00 + / roll tape !!!
 Works out great ! Use it on our audio boards to identify the wireless mics as well as tabletop mics for our meetings .
 No sticky mess , and Sharpie contrasts clearly against the stunning white . I laughed , I cried , I labeled the drum channels .
 This is standard issue Artist 's Tape , also known to audio engineers as Console Tape or Board Tape . Unlike other normal masking tapes -LRB- or other , weaker tapes calling themselves artist 's tape -RRB- , the adhesive on this tape is perfect for being applied , written on with a sharpy , removed and `` stored '' -LRB- stuck to the wall -RRB- , and then later re-applied , many times if needed , always sticking firmly without leaving ANY gross residue behind on the nice equipment . In the recording studio , this stuff is a real life saver . It is perfect for labeling mixing console channels , rack gear , microphones and stands ... really anything you can think of , even guitars , basses , amps and drums ! And I do n't just use it in the studio ; anything requiring a short-term removable label gets this . It can also work well to damp out drum heads in a pinch !
 This is good board tape . Used for a church that was using name tags on the console , after some cleaning and replacing with this everything looks nice and the tape comes right off three weeks later ! Will be ordering more as needed .
 Good thickness for writing . Adhesive releases easily leaving no residue . Not terribly affected by heat . A perfectly adequate product for temporary console labeling .
 This 3/4 '' white tape is perfect for using on a mixing console . Stays put but comes off easily without any residue , even after a couple weeks : -RRB-
 No audio engineer should be without some sort of guide.This board tape was the perfect solution to mark my board.Peel on and Peel off ! How easy is that ?
 working in a darkroom for traditional photography all of last semester , this stuff became invaluable to have at my disposal . its pricey as far as tape goes , but it sticks when it needs to and peels of clean , unlike some masking tapes . This is a good investment for you artist out there .
 I bought this tape to use for labeling audio equipment used in a recent show with a theatre group I am part of . Tape stuck well and left no reside when I pulled it off . No complaints !
 Heavy duty chisel works great for smaller areas . Hard material keeps a sharp edge for more precise scraping and scoring of cement .
 Good for deep or long bores ... clean holes ... I do carvings and I need this for custom pipes . This bit is easy to sharpen by hand .
 This was a replacement belt for an off brand lawn mower that proved extremely difficult to find parts for in the stores in my area . After looking high and low online , I finally found the correct sizing , and this belt fit the bill perfectly . It went on without any trouble , and was a lot less expensive than the other belts of this size . It 's still running strong , with no slipping or tearing .
 this belt lasted longer than the other belt I bought , Fit right and that 's all there is to say bout that
 Received promptly and it fit tractor perfectly as advertised . Been holding up very well and will order again when necessary . Thanks for quick ship and great price .
 Ordered this belt for a VERY old tractor . The tractor is up and running again , thanks to you , Amazon . My husband is one happy man !
 Not a lot to say about Titebond that has n't already been said . I used Titebond for all kinds of guitar and other instrument repairs when I worked in a small shop specializing in vintage guitars and amplifiers . Now that I 'm setting up shop to get back into this line of work , Titebond was the first choice of readily-available commercial adhesives for attaching wood to wood . It sets up fairly quickly , meaning that I can move on to other projects or remove clamps and do additional work on the same guitar without too much wait time.One tip
 I 'm definitely not the handyman type and I 'm not very skilled with tools , so this glue has become my go-to fixer-upper for all of my repair needs . So far I 've repaired my futon , a plant table and a side table and I 've got plenty of glue left for more projects ! It holds tight and strong , and nothing I have used it on has had the bond fail yet . This is awesome stuff !
 I 've used Titebond for numerous applications and have never been disappointed . In consistency it looks like a yellow Elmer 's glue , but in strength there is no comparison . I 've used in to repair and to build and to tighten . My most recent use was to tighten the joints on a 70-year-old wooden rocker that was too loosey goosey when rocking . After applying Titebond to all of the lose joints , I let it dry overnight . Now the rocker feels secure and tight , just as I had hoped.When using Titebond , I always get some overflow onto wood surfaces . The glue is easy to wipe up , especially with a wet paper towel . Just do n't let it dry before trying to clean up the spills.Previous containers of Titebond have been long lasting . Usually I have to buy a new container before the old one is used up because I do n't clean the applicator as well as I should and it becomes glued shut rock solid.Best of all Titebond is made in the U.S.A.
 I needed to repair a couple of joints on wooden chairs . Worked like a charm .
 My father-in-law mentioned that I needed to repair two chairs and told me to purchase some wood glue . As is usually the case I went to Amazon.com and found this product . Based on other reviews I purchased and a few days later I repaired both chairs . Worked exactly as it was supposed to and I would not hesitate purchasing again .
 This glue is good stuff ! We have some antique chairs that were falling apart and I knew I needed a super strong glue to hold the chairs together.This glue is easy to work with and it will be used in future guitar repairs as well .
 Works as advertised . I accidentally broke a piece of wooden furniture and this glue worked like charm . I am completely new to fixing wooden stuff etc. , it is very straight forward to use this product and works great .
 I 'm not a glue expert but this glue worked very well in supplementing the hardware to assemble a dining room table and chairs set . The nozzle design is great and is my favorite part ! Would buy again .
 Franklin makes the best woodworking glue , however it 's probably cheaper to buy it at your local hardware store than online .
 My husband bought this wood glue to reattach some veneers that fell off the top of some drawers built into our beds . I was skeptical that wood glue would be strong enough on its own to hold a strip of veneer in place . I could only remember the glues of my childhood that just were n't quite ` industrial strength ' . This glue is amazingly strong!The glue squeezes out of the tube easily , but in a controlled fashion that 's not runny . I was able to run a line of this down the entire length of the veneer , then wiggle it into place so that it aligned perfectly with the surface underneath . It became tacky right away , so the veneer did n't slide out of place . It was tacky enough that I was able to almost immediately run a Method wipe over the surface without any shifting to blot off a couple of dribbles -LRB- imagine batter squeezing out when you overfill a belgian waffle maker -RRB- . After drying overnight , it 's impossible to tell the veneer was ever loose - it looks as good as new - and the bond seems strong .
 I have yet to try mine but a friend that makes high quality turned wood bowels uses it to laminate the wood before placing it in the lathe . He has yet to have a laminate seperate and he turns them paper thin and has won many awards for his work . If it works for him , doing the detail craftsmanship that he does , it ca n't be bad .
 I used this glue to help build a popsicle stick bridge for my son 's project . It is strong and dries fast -LRB- about 20 minutes -RRB- . It will hold well as long as you have a lot of contact surface . My son ended up dropping the bridge and it came apart where we were only able to glue to the thin side of the sticks rather than the broad , flat part .
 If you need to attach wood to wood . Buy this stuff . It works . Stronger than wood.I have never had any complaints about this or any other Titebond product . There are other water-resistant Titebond glues more suitable for joints that will get wet .
 Actually , my experiences with wood glue have usually been pretty poor . But this stuff actually holds wood together , so if you 're reading this , totally get the wood glue so you can fix your furniture .
 it is great product , I fixed my wooden drawer with it it was excellent , a small amount was enough , reasonable price .
 The only thing to say is Titebond is the best wood glue available . I have friends who build and repair guitars professionally and it is all they use . Titebond is the gold standard for fine woodworking . I have been using it for year . If it is used correctly any failure is usually in the wood fiber itself . If you have any trouble it is probably because you are using the wrong type of adhesive for the wrong application . Titebond should always be used on bare sanded wood and clamped under moderate to heavy pressure for 6-8 hours .
 This was purchased to put together the particleboard boxes that I bought for my 12 x 12 scrapbook paper . Easy to use and wipes off with a paper towel where it drips and globs .
 There are many uses for titebond wood glue and it makes a very good bond on wood.One of the strongest I have ever seen.My friend had an acoustic guitar and the headstock snapped off on it.A little titebond and a clamp and then some holes drilled with dowel pin glued to it and for many years it still plays well.This time I ordered more titebond to glue a set neck on an electric guitar.Hide glue is usually recommended HOWEVER hide glue will separate , you need a heating pot to warm it up to usable temperature to apply , and is expensive compared to titebond.When using titebond you must clamp the pieces to be joined tightly.You must also make sure you sand the neck and pocket on a guitar before joining it together to insure a good bond.Many old school guitar builders will argue that titebond is not a good alternative to hide glue.The reason is that many people who built instruments used hide glue extensively and before titebond , hide glue was all that would work.Hope this helps anyone who is considering building a guitar or doing any woodworking.Titebond 2 and Titebond 3 are also good products but quite a different bond takes place with the other two versions.Titebond original is a strong enough bond for pretty much anything .
 Hansgrohe ThermoBalanceIn addition to this trim kit , of which there are several different , at prices between $ 179 and $ 500 , you also need to buy the Rough valve , for about $ 44 . I recall a science fiction movie I saw on TV in the 1960 's ; I think it was CATWOMEN FROM THE MOON . Some test pilots were displaced far into Earth 's future . One character marveled how the shower temperature was perfect without any adjustment , as evidence that he was not on the Earth he had known.That future has arrived.I installed one of these Hansgrohe ThermoBalance controls in my home . It 's great!Before I installed this unit , my hot water took about 3 minutes to reach my shower . Then I would spend about 10 minutes seeking the correct temperature , and I did n't dare change volume . As colder water entered the pipes things changed again . A toilet flush only complicated matters.Now I just turn the volume handle all the way on . When the hot water eventually arrives , the valve immediately mixes the right amount for the same temperature I last adjusted to . I can rinse , turn the volume down or off to soap , then turn it up for another rinse . Temperature remains constant . A pre-shower flush is irrelevant to shower temperature.You control temperature with a central knob . There is a 100 degree Fahrenheit stop , but this can be overridden by pushing and turning past the stop . Hansgrohe cautions that temperature wo n't reset below the stop for the next shower.But if the installer properly limits the max temperature , this should n't really hurt anyone . And it 's great that the next shower starts at the same temperature as the last.Some one-time tweaking is involved after installation . You or your installer should calibrate the 100 degree stop by adjusting it while running the water over a thermometer . You should also adjust the maximum temperature below 110 degrees F , or as set by your local building code . The instructions are pretty clear . But most people will likely have a plumber install this unit.I installed the unit after my 1926 tiles fell off my shower wall . Since I was re-tiling anyway , I created an instruction tile , that shows a user how to work the control . You can see how the control works and even buy my tile athttp : / / www.cafepress.com/tileshower.177772276I'm not affiliated with Hansgrohe in any way , so let there not be any trademark confusion . I just designed a tile and installed it in my shower.Anyway , this ThermoBalance control is one of the best things I ever bought . Adjustment-free showers are actually a lifestyle change . With the time I save , I hope to get my billable hours up and become rich .
 It 's looks great . It 's very detailed , and not that golden , so I like it that way.Like others , I did not like the fact that it 's made from plastic -LRB- I gave it 4 stars for that reason -RRB- , but one can hardly tell .
 Ordered this product to complete downstairs lighting in my condo . Replaced contractor fixtures with these and have been very satisfied with the price and service from Amazon . We have our foyer , dining room chandelier and all ceiling fixtures in this family of fixtures .
 So far , so good . Easy to install ; pump is powerful enough to give the effect we hoped for . Time will tell how it holds up !
 This pond kit has all the supplies that you need to get started on your pond . The directions are very easy too follow -LRB- might I suggest you read them before digging hole for pond -RRB- . It has made a lovly addition to our back yard
 Despite some critique in previous review that it can control only 5 `` modules '' -LRB- Think scenes ! -RRB- . It is doing what it is designed to do , and I 'm very happy to have a very nice looking and simple controller that is not cluttered with gazilion buttons like most X10 controllers . It is so much better to have a simple controller for a bedroom that controls 2 mood scenes and 2 lights ... If you need more , go for this one
 I decided to get into `` home automation '' to save both time & money . I was sick of leaving the lights on and having to walk through a dark home to find the light switches . I bought this controlinc , along with some wall switches & a timer switch and I have already seen big $ $ savings on our electricity bill . Easy to use , affordable and good quality products .
 `` Over the years we have purchased a great many Insteon products from Smarthome . I have to say that the Insteon design concept is really great -- our entire home runs on it -- but the failure rate is really very difficult to live with ; devices cease working very frequently -- for example , this is the third 2430 we have purchased -- and , as if that was n't bad enough , Smarthome refuses to stand behind these products ... They simply will not exchange them . We are already commited to the Insteon array of products -LRB- eg . see order below -RRB- but , frankly , I wish that there was an alternative to Smarthome . ''
 The `` Set and Forget pressure control '' on these pliers is a much better design than the typical `` turn the screw then hope you do n't crush anything '' design . Also the quick-release works well no matter what the pressure .
 After years of using ordinary locking pliers and forever adjusting the size of the jaw , these pliers are wonderful . Instead of setting the size of the jaw , you set the amount of pressure to use . This will be the amount of pressure used to squeeze either a thin piece of paper or a 1-inch thick pipe . Wonderful .
 These pliers work very well and adjust automatically -LRB- awesome ! -RRB- , but the downside is the handle must open very wide compared to my old Craftsman usa-made visegrip . The width plus rather slippery handles make me usually have to use two hands to span the distance -LRB- I have average-sized man hands -RRB- . The 7inch needle nose pliers from the same company seem to be better in this regard as they are smaller.I might add some grip-tape to the lower handle so one or two fingers could find a purchase and start closing it .
 These CH hanson pliers are nice pieces of equipment , I already own several . This uses the larger auto adjust mechanism , which does not work as well as the smaller one found in the smaller plier sizes . The pliers open way too wide to be used with one hand , and tend to get in the way if used in a confined space -LRB- read - under the hood -RRB- , but I use them as auto setting blacksmiths tongs . Another gripe is the `` pressure '' adjustment . If you want to close the pliers on themselves , the close too tight if set on a normal grip pressure for holding an object , and the knob needs to be loosened . This knob is also reverse threaded , so it can be confusing which is `` in '' and `` out '' and what is loose and tighter . Also , the knob loosens itself as it is used over and over , resulting in the pliers tightening until they ca n't be closed . So it 's just like regular vice grips , except you 're futzing with a different knob all the time . CH Hanson needs to put a left hand lock nut or some kind of compound like Loctite to keep this annoying problem from happening . The build quality of the forgings and various parts are top notch , and the release actually works , unlike vice grips . After I fix this problem I 'll be buying a few more to round out my collection .
 The self adjusting lock-jaw pliers simplifies many jobs , especially if you have a tool in each hand . Since it is Christmas time , you can imagine all the projects where assenbly is required . In addition , these pliers appear to be very rugged and well made , a tool that will be around for a long time .
 did n't get this tool here but i do have both sizes & i luv them.once you have them set they are cool.i took my old ones & gave them to a friend who did n't have any.you have to get these to get the feeling on how cool they are .
 I could n't find this size at the local Sears store -LRB- they did n't even think it existed ! -RRB- so I got it here . I 've used it in my impact gun and it seems to be pretty sturdy . No complaints at all .
 Product works fine as advertised . Have n't used it with an impact gun yet however used it with a 2.5 ' breaker bar and had no issues .
 I use this socket on heavy duty truck wheels of the 11R22 .5 variety . Bought a 1/2 '' impact with high torque to see if I could lighten my load when doing wheels thus the 1/2 '' drive socket . I really put this socket through the ringer on 10 trucks x 4 wheels x 10 lugs per wheel . That 's 400 lugs off and on . It 's none the worse for wear and I expect it will last basically forever .
 If you are doing home or commercial electrical work and you dont use Klein you are working way to hard . Great pliers order these and you will throw the others away .
 Talk to an electrician and you will often find that they are partial to a particular brand of lineman 's pliers . Some swear by Klein , others by Channellock or Knipex etc. . I am not a professional electrician but have rewired my entire house , performed work on several others and wired an addition . I have also done a fair amount of electrical work under an electrician for various jobs . My first set of pliers I lost , so when I needed a new one I decided to use the same brand I had before but figured I 'd try the journeyman 2000 series with the enhanced grips this time . They are comfortable and cut wire nicely . I almost never use them to cut anything but copper wire . Sure I have cut a few nails on occasion but I have a different tool for that and prefer to use my lineman 's only for copper so that they will last and last . I ca n't really say if Channellock or Knipex make better lineman 's or not but they are also quality brands so it might just be up to personal preference . I do n't think you can go too wrong with any of those brands . What I can tell you however is that I personally have been pleased with Klein pliers in the past and these appear to be no different .
 I love these pliers . You can really feel the quality . They have no slop/play in the joint connection . I love klein tools , and love that they are made in the USA . I am only a college engineering student , but wanted some tools that will last a life time , these definitely will .
 Honestly I am extremely happy with this set of pliers , cut great , not heavy and is amazingly strong !! I treat it like a baby , while I used my other dulled `` Vise-grip '' pliers to take a beating and cutting a screw here and there since its near death anyhow.This tool is a great investment and can last you for a loooong time as long as you take care of it and use it for what pliers should be used for only , Klein brand did great with this product . I love it and other Electricians were also loving it LOL ... , the color is also very nice , its a kool tool afterall : o -RRB-
 These pliers are excellent . I love this tool I must say . These are heavy duty and I really did n't want to pay as much as I had , but I needed a new pair and I like the colors . These are great pliers good for any electrician and overall these seem like they will last me a long while and it is well worth the cost .
 Really like the look and functionality of this piece . It was a little bulkier than I thought however it is great next to a pedestal sink where you have no counter space . It is stylish and affordable .
 product is held together by one very small screw , there should be more than one in the package and directions should tell you to put it a certain distance above the sink since there is not enough room to put it together with the soap in it unless you hang it way above the sink , it should screw together from the top , not the bottom .
 Great product . I have a pedestal sink and there is n't much room for a soap dispenser , this was a perfect solution . Easy to install and sturdy so far
 Looks Great but thats about it . Very large container , larger than expected but tolerable . The only negative is the pump top is a little wobbly but it works well . Lets see how long it lasts . Thank god it 's for adult use only .
 Since buying them almost a year ago , these have become my `` go to '' safety glasses for everyday wear on and off the construction site . I 've dropped them on various surfaces , hung them from the front of my shirt and generally abused them . I find that a pair of these lasts much longer than the $ 3.00 cheapies most contractors give out -LRB- my first pair lasted four months , till I lost them -RRB- , they are comfortable , and folks are constantly asking me where they can get a pair.If they arrive broken , just contact Amazon and return them for a new pair . Simple .
 Bought this extension for the 52 '' Infiniti LED Brushed Nickel Ceiling Fan . The color was an exact match to the brushed nickel fan . The only complaint I would have is that the picture shows threads on both sides of the rod . The one I received from Amazon -LRB- Amazon was my seller , not a third party -RRB- only had threads on the one end . Which was OK for my case since the rod out of the Infiniti box had threads on only one side , so its the exact rod I needed . I would give it 5 stars if the picture was n't misleading , or if it was explained in the description that only one end was threaded .
 This 12 '' shaft was perfect . The threads were all there and good . Nice wrapping and just what we needed for our 70 '' Hunter Fan .
 This product is fine , but be sure to measure the length you really need ! We thought we needed the 12 '' , but once we got it realized we needed a 24 '' . If you have a vaulted ceiling , you probably need the 24 '' .
 did not need it , so I did not use it . sorry sorry sorry sorty sorry sorrry sorry sorry sorry s
 I purchased this to go with my 52 inch Hunter Palermo Fan . My ceiling is 12 1/2 feet high . This puts my fan just where I need it . BTW , the fan is awesome !
 How could this product not work , it 's a freaking pole !! I guess it could have been rusty or made out of caramel -LRB- I would 've kept it -RRB- .
 This is a nice VOM . . Every bit as good as a much more expensivepiece . . I use it all the time and it works well would buy again
 It has been quite a while since I bought this meter and I would recommend it to anyone . It is well made and all the functions seem to work just as they should . A fine analog meter , good not only for voltage and resistance checks , but the movement is also a close indicator of capacitance -LRB- which digital meters fail to do . -RRB- It may not be a Simpson , but it is quite good !
 This is a handy and rugged piece of equipment that works well . It would be nice if there was someplace to store the electrical leads.I would recommend this meter .
 Bigger than expected , nicely protected with a red rubber jacket . Good quality rubber leads . I would recommend to a friend.Safety Note - I bought this for use around the house . It 's fine for residential use . For you industrial technicians , be advised that all of these low cost meters have a CAT II rating , and not the CAT III rating that you should have for industrial use
 Analog multimeters , like clocks , give quicker relative readings than admittedly more accurate digital meters . This meter is an excellent choice of relative accuracy and a quick reading . Highly recommended .
 Good sized scales , easy to read . Plenty of range selections . This meter meets all my household/hobby needs . It is a terrific general purpose multimeter .
 I like this VOM . It 's easy to read it does seem accurate . I have nothing against DMM 's but I still like having a good VOM and I like having my students read an analog meter at least a couple of times .
 We purchased one of these from Amazon about 4 years ago . Our local home stores did n't stock anything in black so I was really surprised to see that not only did Amazon carry the item in black but they were also eligible for the free 2-day shipping with Amazon prime . Knowing items like this are breakable we decided to pay the $ 3.99 extra to have it next-day delivered . The first sink to arrive was the wrong color , but Amazon had us a replacement sink the next day and the UPS guy picked up the other for a return . I really ca n't say enough good things about Amazon customer service , they are truly the best!The sink is typical Kohler quality , it looks beautiful and it arrived in perfect condition . I 'm glad to see that Amazon carries items like this as I 'd much rather order from them than deal with Home Depot or Lowes . Highly recommended .
 I am very happy with this product.However from the title and description on Amazon , I thought these hinges came in single units . They actually come in pairs . So I ended up with double the number of hinges that I needed !
 These hinges are beautiful and antiqued in all the right places . They have given my old cabinets a fresh new look !
 I really like the PU -LRB- PolyUrethane = Gorilla -RRB- Glues for certain jobs but they can be messy . For wood to wood , however , you simply ca n't beat Titebond II or IIIA recent test by one of the major woodworking magazines showed that aliphatic wood glues still beat the PU glues by a significant margin for strength.Titebond II or III are the best of these in my opinion . I 've been a woodworker for about 25 years . There are other brands of wood glue -LRB- Elmers , etc -RRB- which are close , but the small difference in price is nothing compared to the cost of the wood or the hours I put into a project.Titebond III is almost twice as expensive but you do n't gain a whole lot except longer work time . Technically Titebond III is waterproof while Titebond II is water resistant , so if you 're making something that will be submerged in water regularly -LRB- wooden deck on the back of a boat ? -RRB- then you will want III . Patio furniture ? II is fine.It also cleans up nicely with water . After a brief fling with PU glues I 'm back to wood glues for wood.One thing - DO N'T LET IT FREEZE !!! It will last for years if kept cool and dark but it will be toast if it freezes . Do n't ask me how I know this.If you have found this review helpful , please let me know !
 This stuff ca n't be beat . Its open time is plenty adequate , and it grabs quickly and is very strong , just as I would expect from Titebond . You 'll split the wood before the bond breaks .
 like this stuff and love that the product does not set up in the bottle between uses ... this holds really well on most woods ... a little prep for hard woods to open grain is recommended ... cleans up easily and sands off clean ... beware your clean up if staining though ... great product
 As a woodworker , I need a dependable glue and this is the best . Dries quickly , dispenses easily without plugging after using it , and is a solid joint if applied right .
 I 'm using this glue in my wooden clock project and it works very well ! As mentioned by other reviewers before me , it sets rather quickly so you have to make sure the pieces are aligned properly the first time around ; It is difficult making even small adjustments after the first couple of minutes . If you clamp the pieces , be careful that the clamp does n't pull the pieces out of alignment in the few minutes before it sets -LRB- I say with some chagrin -RRB- . Even a small amount of glue seems to provide an excellent bond . Overall , I 'm quite pleased with this glue .
 You have to be doing a lot of wood glueing projects to buy this glue by the gallon , and the small hobby bottles are always empty and pricy to boot . This is a good compromise on size and 3/4 of it wo n't die on you before you use it . Gallon jug is also hard to manipulate . IF you DO go through that much glue it 's still good to get one this size and refill it from the gallon jug as it 's easier to handle . Good midpoint value of price/size . I use it to also fasten foam to wood and certain upolstery fabrics to the foam , for building displays . If used to bond wood and upolstery foam , you must put the item flat and weigh down the foam overnight . About 5-10 # a square foot and make sure it wo n't permanently dent your foam -LRB- I usually put another sheet of luan over the foam then put the weight on , filled and capped gallon jugs of water work well -RRB- The fabric I will glue as another pass after the foam is adhered , and CHECK FOR BLEED-test first ! Some things a thin coat works well , some fabrics it will discolor , bleed through , or become too stiff to be pinnable . TEST FIRST.I consider Titebond II to be a good allaround glue , I stock that and the Gorilla Glue water activated poly stuff.Just be careful about not losing the cap .
 works it dose the job advertised seals up joints fine with great holding cap . glue dryed quit well also . made bee boxes for out doors use looks like they will hold up to years of service
 TITEBOUND GLUE IS THE BEST WOODWORKING GLUE I HAVE EVER USED . THEY HAVE DIFFERENT BONDING TYPES FOR ALL APPLICATIONS . WELL WORTH THE PRICE .
 I 'm in the process of converting a bunch of vinyl to MP3s . Audiophiles will shudder , but digital formats work much better in the car . I tried this on a couple of throwaways before applying it to the good stuff . This works about as well as my homemade disc vacuuming rig , and is much cheaper . The trade off is time . You need the glue to be thoroughly dry before trying to remove it . Probably works good for woodworking as well .
 We wanted a simple lamp to cast light on our stationery bike reader stand . Nothing fancy needed , which this is n't , but it works fine for this single purpose . Simple clamp allows attachment to fixtures on & around our Exercycle ... holds OK . Simple on/off switch ... sweaty hands no problem thanks to the large knob . Enough light for close proximity , illuminating a book or magazine for `` reading while pedaling . '' Do n't expect to light up the whole room , for sure . Simple , cheap , functional . Do n't expect any miracles at this price , yet you 'll get what you pay for here . I 'm satisfied !
 This is a great light . I clip it to the head board of the bed for reading and it stays put . I can twist it out of the way with no problem with it coming loose or falling down . It does get a bit hot to the touch so be careful . But I highly recommend this light .
 It 's a strong versatile lamp . I have it clamped to an old pole lamp which is quite thick , but the jaws opened up wide enough to hold on , and it 's been there for about a week now without falling . As I had hoped , it applies just the right amount of light with the florescent bulb I put in it , and replaces the old energy hungry quartz lamp it is attached too.I recommend this unit to anybody who needs a simple source of light that can be mounted nearly everywhere .
 I bought this to replace a broken Dead On graphite handle . It took some work to get the head on tight but now it is solid . A great replacement handle
 Great product . Works good . It would be nicer if the spool was deeper as the strap sometimes starts to pile against the mechanism and keeps it from working correctly . Also the first thing i did to it when it arrived was ground the edges of the spool down to keep the strap from chafing on the sharp edges left there . Overall it was a great part and is well worth the price .
 This outer diameter -LRB- distance across -RRB- of this product is 7/8 '' -LRB- 21.5 mm -RRB- . The inside diameter is 1/2 '' -LRB- 13.8 mm -RRB- . It 's made of stiff blue plastic . It 's flexible , but wo n't hold a shape as it naturally springs back into a straight line . It feels ok to bend to about a 6 '' radius , any more than that may be pushing it . There is no open seam , you ca n't split it open without cutting it . You 'll need a hacksaw or pipe cutter to cut it , it 's too tough for scissors or a knife . It 's probably gas and water tight , but I think it 's only rated for electrical wires . I 'm not sure how it 's joined to connectors , probably glued like PVC sprinkler pipe . I used to run three 10 gauge copper wires from a water heater timer to a household water heater . Best wishes to you !
 I installed this new gear with no problems . Everything worked great . It was much less expensive than buying a new garage opener .
 The liftmaster kit was everything I needed to repair our opener . The instructions were clear and correct . The only warning is once the opener is repaired is to ensure you adjust the upper and lower limit correctly . A hint would be to let the opener go to the down limit and ensure the garage door is down before installing the drive .
 The repair kit arrived just the way I expected from the research done on the internet . No surprise . My garage door opener is the 1280LM belt-driven model . Most of tutorial video on youtube are for the chain driven model ; however , the youtube tutorials are all excellent and the essence were covered despite some minor differences . I followed the one at '' -LSB- ... -RSB- '' . As one youtube video warned , those 3 holes on the sprocket mounting plate are not threaded . Pre-threaded it before-hand will make the tightening process easier later , specifically for the one hole above the worm gear can only be accessible by a small wrench . I also practice removing and inserting of the roll-pin using a roll-pin puncher on the old sprocket before working on the replacement part . I find this repairing experience rewarding .
 Just what I expected and on time . To me was worth the extra $ 10 to get the set . Little less effort to install , and insurance that the shaft and bearings would not be a problem since I did not disassemble before ordering.Instructions were not the best , but online videos are plentiful if needed .
 Garage Door opener did not work . found stripped gears . The replacement kit included everything I needed . The parts shipped fast . I will tell everyone I know about this experience.Thanks Amazon for linking me to this supplier.rf
 I saved hundreds of dollars by repairing instead of either calling out the original installer or buying a complete new door-lifter . Be sure to check out the fantastically clear website that is quoted in the notes on the item picture . That gave me full confidence to do it all myself . Any slight problems I had while installing were described there with appropriate actions to overcome them totally ! I am still thanking my lucky stars for this solution , as I am unemployed and do n't need massive repair bills right now.Just make sure you purchase the correct gear set for you , whether that be for the belt-drive door-lifter -LRB- like I needed -RRB- , or the chain-drive door-lifter . This purchase was a brilliant one for me !
 This kit worked perfectly for repairing my garage door opener . I live in the Chicagoland area , and the garage door had frozen to the ground , causing the opener to labor to open . In the process , the belt skipped a few teeth on the upper drive wheel , causing the `` down '' position of the door to be out of alignement . When I subsequently closed the door , the opener continued to attempt to `` close '' the door . Since the worm gear was still turning and the plastic drive wheel was n't -LRB- since the door was closed and the belt was n't moving -RRB- , the plastic wheel ended up shredding the teeth off . I ordered the kit on a Thursday , with the expected delivery date of the following Tuesday . I was plesantly suprised when the part arrived on Saturday , as it gave me the whole weekend to make the repair . Following the instructions which came with the kit was a snap . I did n't need to use all of the machined parts that came in the kit , as the existing ones were still in good shape -LRB- the only critical parts I needed were the worm gear and the plastic drive wheel -RRB- . Anyway , the instructions were well written and I was able to make the repair in about 20 minutes -LRB- it took another 30 minutes to recalibrate the opener -RRB- . I 've had it running for over a month now and it is as good as new . If you run into a similar problem with your opener , I highly suggest buying this kit and making the repair yourself . It saved me over $ 100 by not having to buy a brand new opener .
 I did n't want to disassemble until the parts arrived . My door is chain driven and what I got was for a belt drive ... this , I think , was my mistake . I paid return shipping and they replaced it . They did a good job of communicating by email . You might want to keep at least an extra driven gear on hand . Apparently these fail somewhat regularly .
 Part was easy to order and was received earlier than expected . I shopped around & the price on Amazon was the best for an in-stock part . Part was correct and I was pumped that I could get my garage working again quicker than expected !
 As soon as I replace the set of the parts , my garage door works perfectly.Excellent service . Very fast shipment .
 Worked great . Online videos provide guidance on which screws and components to remove/replace . Saved at least $ 100 compared to having someone come in to do this .
 Got the job done fairly inexpensively , fairly quickly . And didn &#8217; t have to replace the opener . The instructions were good , and didn &#8217; t need/use a couple of the pieces in the kit .
 This item is relatively common throughout the garage door opener industry . It 's good to know that a replacement is available for a 25-year-old garage door system . It 's easy to install and hopefully will offer many years of troublefree performance .
 This kit allowed me to repair my garage door opener myself . The price was right compared to replacing my door opener with a $ 300.00 new unit . The directions were very good and I easily installed the kit myself . I reinstalled the opener and it has been working flawlessly for almost a year now . A great buy !
 Shipment arrived early . Parts are exactly as stated . I watch a Youtube video on the installation of these parts which was very helpful .
 Put one of these -LRB- 3-pole -RRB- into my last house for some track lights in the kitchen . For halogen or ELV track lights , these are great , the inconspicuous dimmer slider stays where you put it , and using the toggle switch does n't shift it . The `` locator light '' -LRB- night light -RRB- is great for locations like dark hallways , dark kitchens , ... any room which you are entering in the middle of the night and need to find that switch easily . I found in my last house that dimming the track lights -LRB- over a tile island -RRB- all the way , and turning off , I could go in at 3 AM , find the switch , have just enough light to find the fridge/water dispenser , without blinding me or losing my night vision . I ca n't recommend these enough . The snap-on face plate covers are very attractive , but they are not so easy to remove once the switch is installed , so ensure you 've got the switch mounted properly before snapping it on.As always with DIY electrical work , ensure you killed the right circuit breaker , and verify the wires are `` dead '' with agood voltage detectorbefore installing .
 I like this unit because it is simple to use , even for guests . Plus the dimmer is easy to access , but not in the way of the normal operation . It installed in minutes and I have had no problems with it . Again , I have several of these in my home and will replace more over time.Regarding Lutron ... The switch that I was replacing is also a Lutron and they are slowly and surely failing all through my house , room by room . I have a different model Lutron that has a small off and on switch on the bottom and a big slide dimmer . This model is horrible because it is a pain to turn on and off and the large slider can not in itself turn the light off . The most important thing is that these other Lutron switches FAIL ALL THE TIME and I have had to replace them frequently in my house . But the model I am reviewing appear to be more solid .
 Very simple switch , great control of dimmer . Nightlight feature is a plus . I recomend it to all , a little expensive , but worthit .
 This dimmer is great . The dimmer setting and the on off switch are separate , so you set the dimmer independently . The Amazon price is excellent , about 25 % cheaper than a big box store .
 Fits well in a crowded electrial box . Nice touch to include wall plate . Night light feature makes it easy to locate in the dark . Dimmer smooth and stays where you set it .
 This dimmer looks pretty good and works well . The only downside I can see is that it has a light that 's on whenever the switched light is off . If you need a nightlight that 's nice . If not , the extra light may be annoying .
 Are n't light switches the kind of thing that just are -- live in a place forever and they never stop working ? Well , one of these broke after only a few years . I was still willing to replace it with the same thing since it was on a wall with other switches I needed to match . Unfortunately the &#34; ivory &#34; switch I received was way more beige than the picture , and it was the only &#34; ivory &#34; Amazon claimed to carry .
 Very well made switch and easy to setup and looks nice . Worked perfect right out of the box and no issues . Will purchase more and recomment this product .
 It fit ... it dims ... I was able to use this -LRB- very specific -RRB- product to control my dining room light ... what makes this unusual is the light uses a ballast to drive incandescent bulbs ... . and it works like a charm .
 I have a 1946 house so no grounding behind the switch wall plates.So what i had to do was cut and cap off the green ground wire on the dimmers.I bought more than one i like these so much.Very easy to install and work with.And here is something i did not know about these , this morning i wentto switch on the hall light and -LRB- Flash -RRB- bulb went out along with the lightedwall plate which i like a lot , like a night light.Lights up a dim Orange color.And i thought now what?Very thankful it was just the bulb only.Anyway , i screwed in the bulb and the wall switch lite up again , cool.Haven ' t had any trouble with the slider on the plate as yet to increase ordecrease the amount of light.I 'm very satisfied with this dimmer sure beats click switches.I would highly recommend this dimmer switch .
 This dimmer does what it is supposed to do and it is simple and stylish . What more can you ask ?
 Had some of these that survived the recent power outages/surges , so replaced the more expensive version that did not . Expect that this one will last ...
 The Lutron products have a rarely and uncomparable quality.Very good design and finish , much colors and designs.All Lutron products are high tech and very beautiful.Very Recomended .
 3rd time I have purchased this switch . It is the only one that holds up tho the abuse my boys give it .
 I shopped around quite a bit before selecting numerous light switches for a renovation project . I also tried out several models . The Lutron Diva 's rose to the top , even over Lutron 's own Maestro . The Maestro offered a push-button style switch which initially seemed to me to be sleeker and more modern , but there 's something awkward about pushing a button instead of flipping a switch . The Maestro also shorted out after an electrician changed the attached light , so may be more sensitive to damage given it 's internal electronics . The Diva , besides being cheaper , is just easier and faster to adjust . A simple slider , barely visible if you 're not looking for it , sets the dim level . What 's nice about this is you can choose a favorite level , then just turn the lights on and off as needed.The faint LED behind the switch is dim enough not to be distracting , but bright enough so you can find the switch in darkness.The switch has a comfortable feel to it.The screwless faceplate is really a two-piece design , like many of Lutron 's products . A back plate screws to the switch box , while a sleek face plate snaps into place over it . It can seem a little trick to get on and off the first few times , but it 's easy enough to get used to and looks great.I highly recommend this for any dimming application . Potential buyers should note that this is the standard white glossy model , which is my favorite . However , there is also a matte `` satin '' finish available in a number of colors .
 Bought two of them and installed them very easily . The nightlight feature is very useful - glad they have that feature
 A very effective straightforward dimmer . The only problem was that the intructions were not straightforward if you have limited understanding of DIY .
 If you need to cut cables this is what you need . These things are awesome if this is your line of work or you work with cables once in a while and can never find the right products to get the job done . I 'm in the Military and my job runs me into this kind of work and I got tired of looking for the right equipment for the job so I bought it for myself cause I know it 's gon na run into me again . If you want something done right you have to do it yourself .
 Great set of hex wrenches , very strong and the length makes getting to those hard to reach set screws.I would recommend this to anyone who like quality tools .
 As I expected this set of Keys were every bit as good as I 'd hoped they were going to be . First class product from a great company . I use these commercially and not as a home user and they are in constant use , even by colleagues that have realized they are superior to the brands they own . Very very pleased with them.Paul C.
 What can I add ; the first project was a pair of large cabinet doors . I made them dead flush , quickly , and probably the best doors I have made . I 'm 4 square with the 5 star guys .
 Have used the Dowelmax with OUTSTANDING results . You will not believe that until you use one for yourself . The 1/4 '' steel drill guides replace the 3/8 '' guides so you can use smaller dowels when necesssary . The whole system works great . Well thought out and well manufactured for literally perfect results every time . You will NOT go back to other joining methods.If it were possible I would give the Dowelmax system 10 stars !!!
 Additional tools.This kit is to be used in the original system of 3/8 . It is an excellent product , but the price could be lower.I think it would sell more .
 The Dowel Max is really a great piece of precision metal work and it will allow you to start making very strong and very accurate doweled joints just as fast as you can get the box opened . I skipped the directions and got right to gluing up some cabinet face frames . Learning curve was about 1 minute . You can use it in the shop on the bench or out in the field in your hand while standing . It 's fast , accurate , and strong . It 's pretty much eliminated my need for pocket screws or biscuits . After I ordered the Dowel Max I had a bit of buyer 's remorse thinking I 'd just paid several hundred dollars for a piece of polished aluminum . But once I started using it I realized that this purchase was one of the best I 'd ever made . It looks like it belongs on a satellite or something , and it works beautifully .
 the 1/4 '' drill guide set is a perfect match to the fit and finish of the Dowelmax jig system . I 'm glad to have the benefit of the Dowelmax system with smaller projects . After the sting of the rather steep price , I 'm more than happy with the expanded capacity . I only wish that I 'd purchased the Dowelmax system years ago .
 Does everything as claimed , and a useful wood working tool . Only 4 stars -LRB- my opinion -RRB- , however , due to the stiff price . For example , although now over twice as expensive , not as useful or vesatile as my router ...
 This wheel guard works perfectly on my Milwaukee 9-inch angle grinder , model number 6086-20 . Now it is my 7-inch grinder also , for when my 9-inch wheels get too small my 9-inch guard is too much in the way . This new 7-inch guard allows me to continue using said wheels until they are down to nubbins . I selected this wheel guard by cross-referencing the grinders my 9-inch guard would work on . For several weeks I was grinding concrete almost every day . Each time I was finished for the day I would use compressed air to blow out my grinder . Every clean up I would shake out of my Milwaukee 9-inch the small chunks of concrete that would inevitably dart in through the front . As soon as several of these tiny chunks of concrete got into my Ridgid 7-inch angle grinder the thing quit working and its motor fan became severely out-of-balance . This accident nailed me so hard I had to check my gloves , thick leather welding gloves . My fingers near the fan downright hurt at the time . I never did have so much as a single hick-up with my Milwaukee 9-inch , and again I was shaking out concrete chunks wholesale every session even during my work while it was running . So I think it is well protected on the inside . It powered through the job and was not as expensive as my Ridgid . I 'm certain my Ridgid would still be a favorite grinder for just grinding metal if only I had not tried grinding concrete with it . Then again I want all my grinders to be well protected on the inside . I really liked my Ridgid . It had excellent handling characteristics . It held wheels well-balanced . It was the Ferrari of angle grinders . I shall miss it on metal works projects . But I can not justify the expense of tools that may fail on me in front of a prospective employer . And in this economy , as they say near the end of the movie Cast Away , tomorrow the sun will rise , who knows what the tide will bring ? Do I miss the extra 2000-rpm of a dedicated 7-inch ? Yes , but only because of experience level . Its an emperor 's new clothing sort of thing if you 're new to grinding . Will many of the insurance companies underwriting various metal fab shops allow 7-inch rpm to exceed 6000-rpm ? Probably not . So do your research . I 've got mine and I saved a chunk of money on this experiment . Excellent wheel guard . Two inches makes a big difference . And one last thing . Part of my rationale in buying my Ridgid 7-inch was my need to do out-of-position grinding as fast as I could . Once again I see that Milwaukee knows best . Their answer to this capability seems to be their 6-inch `` small '' angle grinder . I have n't tried it yet , but plan to soon . Okay I hope this helps your research everyone .
 For the longest time , I 've looking into ATG type tape dispensers and they seem to expensive to try . This one was perfect for my budget and it works FABULOUS . Oh , and it takes three sizes of tape !
 I bought this to use for scrapbooking . I got it with a roll of 1/4 in . tape . I was able to load the gun fairly easily and have not noticed any sliding of the tape on the dispenser . I was expecting the gun to be heavier and to my delight , it is very light . When I first received the box in the mail , my first thought was that it was empty . I am very happy with my purchase !
 I probably should not be giving a review just yet as I have not bought it but upon reading the directions it looks like I would need a lawyer to figure out how to put the tape in ??
 No negatives here . It was delivered as promised and was easy to install . I love the green light that changes to red when the filter is not longer doing the job . Some faucet handles are spring loaded but this one stays open so you only need one hand to operate it . It shuts off with a finality feel and no drip . All of the connections were easy to make and it worked flawlessly right from the start .
 My staple gun arrived and it 's as chrome as a Harley 's tailpipes - not black at all . That 's the only issue I have with it.I 'm using it to staple art canvas onto pine stretcher bars . Works great ; the staples go in totally flush for me . If I increase the tension setting , it will bury the crown of the staple in the wood completely.Haven ' t had it for long , but I have n't had any jams yet , even when I accidentally put some non-heavy duty staples in it -LRB- this caused it to shoot 3 staples at a time , btw -RRB- .
 This has been a great all-around staple gun for me . Just being able to pick up some staples at the store without wondering if they 're the right size is a great benefit .
 This stapler does exactly what I want with any staple I have in stock , no matter what the make . A bonus
 It kind of shows my age ; but the last time I bought a timer for a 3-way switch , I had to get one of those with a rotary knob which do n't look very attractive . That was the only way to have the dimming level stay set when turn the light on and off from different locations . Now I am remodeling and using decorative switches and this matches all the other switches and dims the lights the way I want .
 I have about 5 of these now , and they perform flawlessly . I installed one on a 4-way switch and it works great . I like how they look like all of the other switches . It has a dim orange light inside of it so that you can see it in the dark . Nice dimmer .
 I thought this dimmer would work good and so far it has . the price was right and the color also . What more could I ask for ?
 What can you say about a dimmer switch ? I gave it 5 stars because it shows a dim light when off and because there were very detailed wiring instructions included should a person need those as a guide .
 Lutron is famous for quality products at a reasonable price . I have Lutron products in two of my houses and I am very satisfied .
 I bought this for a specific need where I had to get a wire wheel up into a boiler but did n't want to subject a die grinder to the falling crap I 'd generate . Did the job nicely for the few minutes I needed to use it and appears to be ready for more jobs later . It 's light weight and probably wo n't last too long if used everyday but for occasional work in cramped conditions it fills the bill .
 I like this extension although I wish that it was easier to hold . I want to be able to hold it like a pencil but the large keyed chuck makes it awkward . Otherwise , it works like a charm .
 i am not any kind of profesional worker . i just got this for house hold work , still did not need to use it . but am sure it is very handy , it deffinitly looks very handy
 Overall , this is a great price for the product . Just be aware that I believe the photo is not that of an Ivory color switch , it looks more like a photo of an almond switch . It 's my fault for getting confused about the differences between the Ivory , Almond and now Light Almond color differences . The ivory color is darker than the almond color which I believe is pictured . Anyway , I only gave this product four stars instead of five for two reasons ... firstly because of what I feel is a misleading photo -LRB- although I should have known better -RRB- secondly , now that they are phasing out incandescent lights , we all will need to consider replacing these types of regular incandescent dimmer switches with the newer C-L dimmers which will allow the dimmer to dim the new dimmable CFL and LED bulbs . I have been told that the older dimmer switches may work with the new dimmable CFL and LED bulbs , but that using the older type dimmer switches may shorten the life of the newer type bulbs -LRB- and those LED 's are not cheap -RRB- . I do n't know for sure if this is a fact , but it 's what I have been told .
 I just bought this dimmer to match another one in my home . I have had the other identical one for 8 + years with no problems , unlike the other reviewer here . It 's a nice , innocuous switch ... and you can easily set it so it comes on to the same intensity with the flip of a switch . I also have a dimmer with a touch-sensitive pad ... and you have to fiddle with it every time to get it right . I have found this design to be straightforward , reliable and easy to use .
 The build quality is better than the two Arrow electric staplers that I have gone through . I have not used it long enough to know how it will hold up under use .
 As with all other Bondhus products I am never disappointed . These perform the way they are advertised to and then some . I use them commercially and that means several times a day and mostly on hex bolts that are put in with heavy strength loctite . The extra length and extra strength are what make these stand head and shoulders above others . You may get cheaper but you wo n't get better or anywhere as good . I highly recommend them to anyone thinking of a long term investment of Hex head tools .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 I have used these a few times and they feel solid enough . The finish is a little sloppy looking , but they seem like they will last for a long time .
 Husband really likes these , especially the price and quality . He 's a Master Tech and it always helps to have extra extensions where you need them .
 A good value for well made and good looking tools . A good value for well made and good looking tools .
 This set is very well made and is solid . It has worked well . I just wished the bar was a little thiner for tight spaces .
 I purchased this some time ago in order to facilitate some upcoming semi-major jobs like axle replacements , using impact ratchet to speed up progress.These were crucial at various points and worked perfectly . For example , using all three together to reach deep under car for `` awkward '' fasteners.For all but the the hard-core professional mechanic , these ought to last a lifetime .
 The Dowelmax system creates perfect spacing . The one consideration is that with a system that has the capability of doweling all the way across the edge of a board for a table top , you need to realize that even with a thousandth of an inch accuracy , multiplied across such an expanse , it is advisable to have a slight variation in size of the hole the drill bit leaves . The 9.7 mm drill bit gives you that luxury . If you are using only two dowels , with a single setting of the jig , then a common 3/8 '' drill bit is advisable . If you are doing multiple dowels , for example 5 in a row , or more with the expansion capabilities , it is advisable to use the 9.7 mm bit . I bought two of them when I bought the kit . When they arrived I was glad that they were high quality , and had an adjustable depth collar on them that would not slip a setting . Overall highly recommended .
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT . LIKE THE DOWELMAX DRILLING FIXTURE , IT DOES COST MORE , BUT THE RESULTS ARE REALLY WORTH IT . I TRIED A LESS EXPENSIVE DRILL AND WOUND UP THROWING IT AWAY . EXCELLENT RESULTS DO COST MORE.EVERY TIME I USE THE DOWELMAX FIXTURE I AM AMAZED AND THANKFUL THAT I DID BUY THE BEST . HOW I LOVE GREAT RESULTS !!!!!!!!! I HAVE MADE SOME AMAZING DOWELED JOINTS IN NEW FURNITURE & IN REPAIRING EVEN ANTIQUES .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 high protection through harder metal and shrouded shackle = > difficult if not impossible to reach with a cutterset your own combination is easy and allows you to have the same combination for all your locks , or reset when you want to allow someone to access something
 Used my own for 3 years now . No complaints . I just bought it again for a gift . I have had nothing stolen in locker rooms that have been notorious for having broken locks and stolen items .
 This lock does exactly what it 's supposed to . I love the shroud around the top where most would attempt to cut the lock with bolt cutters . The open back allows the space needed to run the clamp through a chain , or eye-bolt , etc. . . I bought more .
 Well made , selectable combo , reasonably secure . Fit very easily over normal trailer rear latches . Will probably defeat the bottom two tiers of thieves , which I think is about the best I can hope for .
 This is an excellent heavy duty Dial indicator . I recommend this unit strongly . Strong robust construction throughout . Strong easily adjustable clamps . Large ~ dia heavily chrome plated solid steel posts . Large easy read dial . Dial settable for both Zero and Tolerance range . Dead on accuracy . Comes in a nice strong case . Even has multipage instructions that -LRB- if needed -RRB- are very easy to follow . Instructions are even written by someone who first language was obliviously English . I was initially looking at the Dial Indicator from the Girr ... . Company . The Grr . . unit was about 10 dollars cheaper , but many reviews here indicated flimsy construction . This is definitely not the case for the unit from Peachtree . I made the right choice , definitely worth the ten bucks more ! I also ordered the multiple tip set direct from Peachtree -LRB- not available from Amazon -RRB- for $ 16.00 , very reasonable .
 A power tool woodworker must be a machinist before being a woodworker . The machines must be set up and aligned as perfectly as the product to be produced by the woodworker . I dial indicator is a valuable contribution to the process.This particular product has an number of configurations in which it can be set up ; however , unlike every other product I have ever purchased , it arrives without any instructions whatsoever on how to to configure the device to accomplish any of its positions . An email to hartville resulted in a referral to an American Woodworker site which has some great advice as to how and why to use the dial indictor.I used it to align my jointer , which took some of the pain out of the job and improved the results dramatically .
 For the money -- This dial indicator and magnetic base is TOP quality ... . If your looking for something decent You need n't look any futher . . Do not waste your time and money on the absolute cheap systems ... Get this one !!!
 This tool is different than other stripper/cutters . This one has the curved handles that make for really easy handling and gripping . This tool is comfortable to handle and easy to use .
 This is a great tool at a great price , cuts the insulation only and does n't nick the conductors . The lock is it out of the way so there are no nuisance closures like the Klein 11057 strippers . I 'm happy with the tool performance , the order was filled quickly and packaged nicely by KTOOL Connection . I would recommend this tool without hesitation .
 I found this tool to be very efficient and reliable . As a Master Certified RV Service Technician working with RV power cords , I have a regularly occurring need to strip stranded wires as big as 8 and 6 AWG . This tool was just what the doctor ordered . I get a clean strip each and every time - without cutting any of the strands . Perfect !!
 Klein is the product to buy if your a electrician i am so glad that they are dedicated to providing me with a good product .
 This stipper accepts 6ga stranded and 8ga all the way down to 14ga stranded wire . It will also strip the conductor sheithing from all solid wires in the 14-6ga range as well . In addition there is a wire cutter and a short section of pliers . These are spring loaded which makes quick one handed operation a breeze . I could n't be happier with this purchase .
 These shippers are a must have for anyone that builds lights . Pendant lights that hang from the cord strip perfectly .
 Had these a couple of weeks now and love them , they go up to a 10 awg all the way to 6 awg . Good tool and at just over 11 dollars man what a deal . Really happy with this purchase .
 klein-kurve wire strippers , this is a great tool i have 1 myself , very well made and it strips the wires like it should.its defenetely worth the money.one great tool that klein makes because some of the products they sell suck
 I saw these on Amazon and saw the price and could not resist . I purchased the same ones 2 weeks earlier for $ 30.00 although the one I bought had a spring in them that kept them open which to me made them a little better than these . but over all they work the same . To get an item from Klien for this price you cant go wrong . These are some of the best strippers I have used . I give these a solid 9 out of 10 . Quick shipping and in stock as well thanks for this item .
 Exactly what I was expecting , very confortable to work with since it has this curve on the grip.Notice that the cable size is 10 to 12 not the regular 14 - 18Ignacio Corella -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 it was just as advertised and exactly what we needed . I would recommend it to anyone looking to purchase it .
 THIS SLIDE BOLT WORKS PERFECTLY , IS STUDY AND EASY TO INSTALL . WE USED THESE UP HIGH ON ALL OUR BACK DOORS TO KEEP OUR TODDLER DAUGHTER FROM GETTING OUTSIDE TO DECK AND STEPS . JUST ADDITIONAL SECURITY AND PEACE OF MIND .
 i am using this product , and i am 100 % satisfied with this . i can guarantee that if you drink pimag water for 1 week you will feel the differences and you will not like anything but pimag water . i am a careful buyer , before i buy something i research and see the both good and bad part.i am very satisfy with pimag nikken Water system
 I purchased this product for my family over two years ago . No more rushing to the store to buy water at 10 pm at night , no more carrying around those 5gal containers ; we love this filter ... the payback on this products is just a few months so after two years we 've saved hundreds of dollars and protected the environment as well ; no more bottle water ; my kids love drinking the water -LRB- you get used to the new fresh flavor in a week or less -RRB- and it 's very low maintenance ; it also looks very attractive on your kitchen cabinet . The filtered water is so high quality that even our new born baby was drinking it in his milk bottles ; smart product for smart families ; you just have to get used to re-filling the filter with a pitcher and cleaning it once a month ; filter replacement is less than 30 bucks and you use about two a year , low maintenenace for unlimited water ! Kuddos to Nikken
 I really appreciated all of the posts about filtration systems and feel like I 've learned a lot . The Burkey is on my wish list , but currently own a Nikken Aqua Pour . I scored the system at my local goodwill and know a friend that swears by it . It was n't until I got home and started doing some research on this product that I saw the mixed reviews on it . I learned A LOT about the importance of a lab report and non flouride water . But until I have the money to buy a Burkey Filter , I think the Nikken Aqua Pour is a good start.I did a bit more research and found the following lab results for the Nikken on garymbolton dotcom / pimag/korean _ water_test . pdf & here a doc that states what ANSI/NSF Standard 42 and 53 are
 Before I tried Nikken filtered water , the only things I really ever drank were coffee and wine and beer ! I could n't stand drinking water . It just did n't taste good to me . Now that I have a Nikken PiMag system , I drink 3 glasses of water first thing in the morning and do n't even feel bloated and drink water the rest of the day too . It 's so much better than bottled water , many friends and family members agree .
 Hi , I am using this water system for more than 5 + years now . Its a very good water source . When we go out , we do feel the difference of water and thirst levels . We long to come home and drink filtered water from the filter . Also , I compared my children getting ear infections , cold and my friends children . My children get sick only once a year , however , my friends -LRB- who are not using any filter -RRB- children getting sick for more than 2 times a year -LRB- not scientific study , so , do n't complain -RRB- . Overall , I am very happy with this filter and still enjoying the system . More than 5 or 6 of my friends are enjoying the same system -LRB- well couple of friends did n't like , that 's human nature , is n't it ? If everyone likes something , then we are not humans -RRB- . So , explore it . If it works , you are in good hands . If not , move on . We -LRB- folks in US -RRB- buy so many products and replace them within one year , is n't it ? This will be another one for someone , who did n't like it . That 's my perspective . Enjoy life .
 Excellent quality . Replaced Poland Spring system . Saved money , using local tap water filtered through the System . Creates excellent tasting water . Highly recommended .
 It works but sometimes a movement in the room will cause it to work unwantingly -- overall a good idea .
 I have been using this product in the bathroom for about 3 months now and I am still on the 1st set of batteries . It 's great that I do n't have to touch the bottle to use soap anymore . Before I bought this , I feared that it would go through batteries very quickly , but like I said earlier , it 's still on the 1st set of batteries and I use it about 20-30 times a day . To other reviewers who said it would dispense soap sporadicly , you may want to check the batteries , I remembering reading in the manual that low battery level will cause that.My only complain for this product is that I wish it had bigger capacity , it 's almost 8 '' tall but the actual soap compartment is only like 1/3 of that . Also , it would be nice to be able to adjust the amount of soap it dispense .
 This item has being working great . It took a little while to get the soap to start coming through , you just have to be patient . I use if for dish soap and I love it !
 I have purchased three of these dispensers for myself and friends . Friends love the novelty . I am a gardner and appreciate the fact this dispenser never gets dirty from use like the pump style . Highly recommended .
 This product is wonderful and is a nice addition to my bathroom . It works great and the shipper mailed this item as agreed and on time .
 We 've had this dispenser for about a month and like it very much . It seems to be well constructed and works great ! I really like the way it eliminates the usual soapy mess we normally have around the sink .
 who thinks of this stuff . . i ordered 2 of them and they rock . you put ur hand about 1-2 inches under the dispenser part and enough soap comes out to wash ur hands . . this thing is just so neat . . i love it and would recommend to anyone
 WE are very happy with this dispenser . It dispenses the right amount of soap each time and has had no false alarms even when making movements nearby .
 I bought this for our children 's bathroom . It is very nice . The kids love it . I have hand sanitizer in it . The dispenser would not work well with any thing thicker in it . It is easy to clean , too .
 I bought this to lock up my ipod in a public place . I had to break off a couple parts for the ipod charger to fit but it works perfectly to deter theft .
 Very nice compact item . High quality construction . Sizing was slightly tricky as the fit to an old style simple thermostat footprint -LRB- going over a single gang box -RRB- was n't exactly known in the beginning . There is slight interference in the vertical with a Honeywell t-stats , but expect them all to fit . Complete with all the mounting hardware and installs easily .
 I have this faucet and it basically fell apart . The pull out hose started linking and the finish started to peal off the cheap plastic pull out sprayer . The quality is questionable especially considering it 's only 6 years old . With that said , I called Kohler and received some of the best customer service I have ever experienced . They sent me a new hose and a new pull out sprayer within 3 days of reporting the problem . Then I had an installation problem as plumbing is n't really my thing . I called Kohler customer service again . They quickly solved my problem.So in the end , I would n't hesitate to buy Kohler products again . I was actually going to replace this faucet but now that Kohler gave me new parts it looks brand new and will last another 6 years .
 We 've had this faucet 6 + years , and the toggle between spray and stream started leaking a little . I called Kohler and they sent a new one right out ! I like that it has a little lower flow rate than our old faucet -LRB- saves water -RRB- , but still plenty of pressure on both spray and stream . It looks great in our classic victorian home . It has worked flawlessly except for this minor -LRB- and warranty-covered -RRB- issue .
 THE PRODUCT WAS SUPPOSE TO BE USED HOWEVER IT APPERED IN EVERY SENSE TO BE BRAND NEW AND IN ORIGINAL PACKAGING . I WAS QUITE PLEASED WITH THIS ITEM . IT LOOKS AND WORKS AS NEW .
 I purchased this faucet 7 yrs . ago and it was great until , like other viewers stated , it would not swivel anymore and finally the plastic swivel at the bottom snapped when I applied a little pressure to try to get it to turn.I could not find my receipt for warranty replacement parts . I tried to unscrew the brass screw at the top of the faucet under the white cap but the screw would not come out - it was frozen . Yesterday I purchased a screw extractor to get it out and bring to a Kohler parts place to get what was needed because I liked it so much . However this morning -LRB- after searching for months to find a new one to replace it -RRB- I finally found another for sale at Amazon which I purchased today . I will keep receipt this time . I highly recommend despite the problem I had .
 Excellent quality . It gives a very rich and professional look with a black sink . Adds a custom decorator look to my kitchen .
 We are very pleased with this faucet . It is of excellent quality . It has a nice country look which fits my kitchen perfectly . It 's so easy to use the pull out feature of the faucet for filling my coffee maker or a pitcher . The button on top switches from regular flow to spray easily . I really like that the it stays on the chosen setting until you push it again . My old one would lose the spray setting when you turned off the faucet , so I 'd have to keep putting the spray back on each time . I recommend this to anyone .
 3M products have always been known to be high quality products and this tape is exactly the size I needed .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 I am impressed with the price to quality with these bits . I ordered a couple extras because they were cheap , and I thought they might not last . I 've drilled about 8 holes so far with one bit and it looks to be in good shape yet .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Using a Bosch Progressor Jigsaw with these . I installed 35 year warranty laminate flooring , good quality and tough . I tried T101B , T101BF and T1010AO blades before these . Each of those was only good for around five board width cuts before grinding the teeth down and starting getting hard to cut . Switched to these and the difference is crazy , I easily did twenty five cuts before I had hard time pushing the saw . Last job was 15 total other `` clean for wood '' blades , this job in a bigger room was four blades total . I ordered two packages and now have to consider returning one since I never opened it.Also on Amazon are `` T101BIF 3-Inch 14 TPI Bi-Metal T-Shank '' . Those are 14 Teeth Per Inch so may last a little longer.This product is the 20 TPI model with a smaller blade size that makes it easier for precise cuts and curves , but may wear down a little faster.I would strongly suggest these blades to anyone installing laminate flooring .
 These blades cut through 10mm laminate flooring very fast and clean . They are fairly skinny blades so if your not careful they will break , but definitely worth it . I will be stocking up on these since they do n't sell them at any store by me .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Superior to sev cordless drills I have owned . Easy to use , comfortable to hold , & efficient power . I love it !
 Previously had a heavy duty craftsman drill . LOST IT . Ouch . Still have the drill bits . Used them with this bad boy to hang curtains . Got the job done , but I could feel the difference between this and my previous , more powerful drill . Good option for light work around the house , putting together small furniture , wall hangings , etc. . Definitely worth the money so far . If it 's lasts me the year I 'll be happy with it.If you do n't already have a set of drill bits , make sure you purchase . And a carrying case/holder of some sort !
 I thought it was very odd this has no drill bits so do not expect any when you receive it . I am a woman and only do simple home tasks so I just needed something small but sturdy and this fits the bill perfectly . Luckily , I still had the drill bits and screwdriver bits from my previous B&D drill and they worked just fine . If you are a contractor or work on heavy duty projects this would not be the drill for you . It is not powerful enough and if you are a constant user it would probably break fairly quickly .
 I bought this drill for gardening purposes . I wanted to drill small holes on the bottom of some clay pots I purchased so I could plant succulents in them . It does the job very well but the more important part is the drill bits . I bought the 10-piece Drill Bit Set that popped up as an accessory to this product . I 've used four of the bits from that set and they all fit well into the drill but in the future I 'll need to purchase a diamond shaped bit if I want to continue drilling holes in pots .
 Very handy , would of been nice if this includes bits instead of just the cordless drill . It 's light weight good for woman doing manly job .
 For $ 19.99 , I have no complain about it.It dose everything a drill needs to do , and do the jobs pretty well too .
 I have purchased several cordless drills in the past , but this one is the best one I have found for the price ! It is great for small jobs , but I do wish that it was able to stand on the base instead of having to lay it flat every time .
 Just the right size for jobs around the house . Not wimpy -- has plenty of power and I use it for everything
 I like using this Black and Decker cordless drill because it is so handy that you can use it to carry out household repairs efficiently .
 Just ordered this drill for small jobs around the house and found out walmart has the same one for 15 . oo . Wish I would have waited , oh well ... guess it makes up for the no tax .
 ReplacemBlack & Decker 9099KC 7.2-Volt Cordless Drill with Keyless Chuckent for the same drill , 30 years old and died .
 overall it 's been working great . i love that it 's keyless chuck because i 'm terrible with chuck . the drill bits that i bought to use with a drill press/milling machinese are interchangable with the drill which is a bit plus because i do n't have to waste more money on more drill bits . the power is decent . the only complain i would have would be that it does n't actually stand like the picture -- the top is too heavy . but laying it down completely is n't so bad . overall i 'd say it 's a good purchase especially for its price -- most drills are $ 50 + and brands like milwaukee which might be more beautiful in colour and may have more features which cost $ 300 . i 'd rather not spend that much with the drill is for much smaller work . as long as it functions and drills it 's all good
 I ordered this tool for lightweight jobs around the house . 7V is plenty of power for drilling holes and setting smaller screws . It 's very lightweight with two speeds . The one complaint I have and it 's no big thing in that it wo n't stand up straight on it 's battery . I just have to get used to laying it down . I would recommend this tool to anyone requiring a lightweight cheap drill -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- . Packaging was excellent and delivery was very quick . I am a frequent Amazon customer.farmer1ron
 I definitely like this drill ... it gets just about everything done . The most I really ever need it for is drilling a few holes in the wall or in wood or in plastic . For that , it 's more than adequate . However , for really heavy duty drilling , you 'll need something stronger . It definately does not have the power to drill metal -LRB- ex drilling out a stripped screw -RRB- , or the torque needed to drill a big screw into hardwood . For the general person though , it would work great and fulfill your needs.The biggest downside is the battery . It 's built in , and once the battery is dead , you 're done using it for the day . It takes overnight to recharge . That 's pretty irritating when you 're mid-project . When I spend a day using it to install new wiring -LRB- drilling 1/2 holes through studs , installing junction boxes , etc -RRB- , it rarely makes it until the end before dying . I 've had it for a few years now and the batteries are pretty much worn out and do n't hold much of a charge .
 This was the first drill i actually purchased for myself and must say it was very easy to use . I got a great deal on Amazon and it works just you 'd expect . I recently used it to mount a mirror into the wall and it worked just fine . The keyless chuck is great as i put in my screwdriver heads as well as the Drill bit to make holes in the wall . Great drill for the price . The only problem is that it requires an overnight initial charge .
 I have been in a big apartment-improvement mood recently and got this to help with my various projects . I 'm a 20-year-old college girl who has never once wielded a power tool in her life , but I found this very easy to use and very empowering . A bit addictive , too ! Just make sure you get a drill bit set - there is n't one included .
 The drill works fine and is worth the price . Being a chuckless drill , the bit is harder to tighten securely by hand for me than with a chuck , however .
 Nice drill for the money , plowed through studs like they were butter . Recommended this for anyone who needs a basic drill/cordless screwdriver for minimal around the house home improvement .
 This Black & Decker Cordless Drill is really a great product for the person that has small household projects to take care of . It is light weight so very easy to hold with one hand . The keyless chuck is also quite nice . I used it to drill into the studs to hang a television and it performed exceptionally well . I would highly recommend this product to any female -LRB- or male -RRB- that enjoys doing their own small projects . I am not sure how well it would perform for more demanding -LRB- heavy-duty -RRB- projects , but for around the house I really like it .
 My husband wanted a light weight drill that , if dropped and damaged , he would not cry over . This fit the bill . It is inexpensive . It is not as powerful as his more expensive drills , but if he breaks it , we can afford to replace it . All in all it works out well for what he wanted .
 I consider myself an Average Joe . As a disclaimer , my particular definition of `` Average Joe '' includes not knowing a lot beyond surface knowledge about tools.I was gifted an electric screwdriver , which was my first power tool ever . While I was annoyed and unhappy with that particular product and quickly threw it away , it certainly whet my appetite for cordless power tools . I am young , a renter , and on a budget . Although I was instinctively drawn to the more expensive , powerful , and fancy drills , I was hampered by two facts
 I was quite impressed how long the battery lasted on this drill . I used it to polish my headlight lenses -LRB- 3M sells a kit -RRB- . It took about an hour , and the drill did not show any sign of slowing down until the very end . I was amazed it lasted that long .
 I got this as a gift for my mom . . I 'm sure she 'll love it and this was an awesome price thank you
 This Black and Decker drill was just what I needed . Excellant price and arrived very quickly . I would recommend this drill to any one needing a household drill
 This item works well for light drilling but does n't seem sturdy enough for any strenuous jobs . I ordered it for my husband and he claims to love it .
 I got this drill for basic use around the apartment . It probably would n't be able to handle anything heavy duty but for a small , cheap drill it works amazingly well .
 I knew what I wanted beforehand and I ordered it and received it . Why complicate it with more words .
 Very easy to use , straightforward instructions . You can buy the bits that show up under the Amazon recommendations because of the keyless chuck . This is a great tool for low to average use.Just about anyone should be able to use this tool . I 'm not very familiar with power tools , but I was able to quickly figure out how to use this within a few minutes . Check the instructions to learn how to use the keyless chuck . If you 're not familiar with such a feature , you probably wo n't be able to figure it out without looking at the instructions .
 it was great but the drill broke on me , I would recommend getting something of higher caliber but that 's just me . This will do for the little jobs but do n't plan on using it for serious work
 Excellence price for a light duty cordless drill used for occasional household duties.Even less expensive than replacing just the battery in like drills .
 It 's a nice around-the-house task drill . I ordered the box of drill bits , but forgot to order the screwdriver bits . So , do n't forget to order those too . It took a little while to get it so , plan ahead a few more days .
 Ordered this product as my old one from Walmart died -LRB- in less than 3 months -RRB- . I love this drill , it is perfect for small repairs and can easily be used as a power screw driver . Battery life is great , portable - No complaints . This is an excellent deal for the price.NF
 I love my new drill . It work great , and the charge last a long time . Black & Decker has good products .
 I was stoked to see this drill was delivered befor the delivery date , and i had a small project to tackel asap . I only needed to drill some screw set holes for a table i was building around a fishtank , well the drill tried but didnt make it through the 32 holes needed . good drill but lacking power
 This drill its awesome , great value , and it works great , very helpful and useful on everything you need , great price for this product
 Very very good product durible lastes form falling off a tree and winter in a garage great product hit bu go kart and was minorly scrached love product long batterey life kinda slow but doesnt die
 I 've only used couple of hundred $ drills , but just bought this one for a supplementary.It simply works great for the price.The minimum speed was a bit fast in my opinion , but not a big problem.I wish it had very slow speed/moderate/fast , but price covers these .
 Other customers were concerned about the power , for a 7.2 V and $ 18 does a great job for house work ! Do n't expect this to be heavy duty , for that be ready to pay 100 bucks .
 As a woman who just bought my very first tool , I was not disappointed . I wanted to drill a few holes in my wall and this did the job perfectly . The screwdriver also helped with furniture assembly . I did try to drill holes in my car for the license plates , but I suppose that was too much for this 7.2 V drill to handle , it did n't even make a dent : -RRB- Certainly a great product for a first timer with a power tool . Easy to handle , lightweight and does the odd job around the house .
 My old Black & Decker drill used VersaPac batteries , and those batteries finally gave out . It was a great little drill for me , but when I looked at the pricing on VersaPac batteries today , I realized it would cost more to replace them than it would to buy a new drill.I ended up purchasing the Black & Decker 9099KC 7.2-Volt Cordless Drill with Keyless Chuck . I do n't have any big projects to worry about , I just need a cordless drill for simple household projects like hanging curtain rods , etc. . This drill does the trick quite nicely.I moved to a house in October 2011 , and I bought the drill before I moved . It came in very handy when taking down my old curtain rods and things at the old place and it has done a very good job of installing new rods at my new place.When my Stepfather came to visit , he used my drill to hang a couple of medicine chests in my bathrooms , and was actually impressed with it . He did n't expect his daughter to have a drill at all , and was pleasantly surprised to find I have a decent one.This drill does n't have a removable battery like my old one did , which worried me a bit . My concern was that when the drill runs out of battery power , I wo n't be able to continue to work until it has recharged . So far , however , it has not run out of a charge while I was working with it.The package includes just the drill itself and a power cable to charge it with . There are no drill bits , no screwdriver tips , nothing . Of course , these are easy to buy just about anywhere and are n't expensive , so this should n't be a concern as long as you know you 'll need to get those separately . I already had plenty of both in my toolbox that I used with the old drill.My old drill used a key to tighten the chuck and I have to say I really like that this one does not . No more worry about misplacing the key for the chuck . It just tightens and loosens by hand easily.I 'm very pleased with this drill and have been very happy with the Black & Decker brand whenever I need tools .
 I bought one of these a few years ago . I think I paid more than the $ 21.54 they are asking for it right now , but I know that it was n't expensive . For the price , it 's not a bad power drill , so I 'm giving it four stars . If I were to compare it to more expensive and powerful drills , it would n't rate nearly as well , so it 's important to keep that in perspective . If you are looking for a battery operated power drill that you are going to use once in awhile , you ca n't go wrong at this price . I 've used it to drill holes and I 've used it as a power wrench , and it did what it was supposed to do.When I tried using it for more lengthy jobs it fell short , however . In remodeling my attic , it was easier to contend with the cords necessary for using my more powerful electric drill because the battery on this one would n't last long under a lot of demand . If , like me , you need more power for a longer duration , you might opt for one of Black & Decker 's more powerful drills , at correspondingly more expensive prices . For example , they make a 9.6-volt , 12-volt , 14.4-volt , and 18-volt model of the same 9099KC drill and , for some reason , their 18-volt drill is cheaper than their 14.4-volt model , but both are above a hundred dollars , which is not a bad price for a quality drill . Black & Decker makes a good product , my problems stemming , not from the manufacturer but from the fact that I bought their cheapest drill.Interestingly , I was going to buy a new battery for my drill and just noticed that a new battery will cost me $ 21.80 while I could buy a new drill , which includes a new battery and charger , for $ 21.54 . Go figure . I 'm not going to do it though . I really need a more powerful drill so I 'll just get along with the battery I have until I can afford to put more money up on a more powerful model . I 'll probably stick with Black & Decker , although I 'll shop around when the time comes .
 for its price this is an excellent cordless drill . ergonomics and lightness is excellent . just as one reviewer commented , it 's advisable to recharge after protracted use . has this for about 3 weeks now . so far so good but expect this to be reliable in the long run .
 Lightweight , holds charge well , easy to change bits . I used it to assemble a guitar , do small fixes around the apartment . You ca n't really go wrong for the price . Does n't come with bits , so do n't forget to buy those . Since the battery is NiCd , you have to make sure to charge it for the full 16 hours even before the first time you use it . Also try to use the drill until the battery is dead . If you do n't do that , and the drill starts losing its ability to hold charge , then you only have yourself to blame .
 Nice drill for light to medium duty . Great for occasional household or apartment use . Good torque -- two speeds forward and reverse . Do n't expect to be able to add an addition on your house with it -LRB- even though it does drive 4 '' screws -RRB- . It 's handy for hanging curtain rods , blinds , pictures and even hanging doors . There are no accessories or case included . It comes with a charger and built-in battery -LRB- non-replaceable -RRB- . Even if the battery and drill last for only a couple years , it 's still well worth the money .
 For a non-professional occasional around the house cordless drill and screw driver ... . It 's great . Do n't use it often , but when I do , it has held a good charge and works flawlessly .
 MY wife had list of ten handyman small projects that would require up to ten hours at 60 Dollars per hour , like installing extra shelves in her closet . I purchased the little drill from Amazon and did all in spare time over one week .
 Although the drill requires the purchase -LRB- or possession -RRB- of a set of conventional drill bits to be used , the power of the drill is better than anticipated at purchase . It is a perfect drill for those ordinary household chores requiring a decent drill . It keeps its charge an amazingly long time and with good drill bits will bore through just about anything . I was a bit worried about the keyless chuck . Not to worry , when you lock the bit into place with your fingers , it is n't going anywhere.Because of the low price I did n't expect anything as fine as this drill . Although a carpenter , etc. , might want something more powerful , for home use it just ca n't be beat . Do n't let the low price fool you . It is a great drill !
 I was given one of these drills as a wedding gift . We lived in an apartment for a couple of years and it was a great drill for not really needing a `` real '' drill . It works great as a driver , for drilling pilot holes , and the battery seems to last alot longer than expected . I live in a house now and have 2 18v drills -LRB- one of which is a hammer drill -RRB- ... I kept this little guy around when I do n't want to lug a heavy duty drill up to tighten a few screws around the house -LRB- cause who wants to use a hand screw driver -RRB- . My brother-in-law just got married and moved into an apartment , it seemed fitting for me to gift him one of these great starter drills . No , it does n't stand upright on its base but it 's so light weight you can set it down on it 's side just about anywhere -LRB- ex . top of a latter -RRB- or , heck , you could prob put it in your pocket like a holster.It 's nice to see that B&D ; still have some good products .
 it is a very complete and usefull product . And it has a simple presentation , what makes simpler to see what contains and the quality at a naked eye .
 excellent product . holds charge , light weight and easy to handle , good power for household work . would recommend . product delivered on time and in excellent shape
 This drill is great for small jobs , hanging items on walls , putting furniture together and drilling into wood . Anything more than that you may be disappointed .
 For less than the price I would have paid for a replacement battery for my old drill , I bought this excellent product !
 This is a great light duty drill as others have said . The slow speed is still a little fast for using as a screwdriver in my opinion . I 'm not talented in carpentry or handyman work but what i have learned is having the right tools makes all the difference . I hope the battery lasts because I had a Black and Decker cordless screwdriver and after 2 years the battery quit taking a charge . So this is what I would call a disposable but for $ 20 , what the heck .
 It has good power for drilling holes and driving screws . Very easy to use . Holds it 's charge long enough for most household jobs . Great price .
 This is obviously not a super expensive , crazy awesome drill . It is rather a small , utilitarian drill that is useful around the house for odd jobs . The keyless chuck is nice , and we havent any issues with battery life after almost three months now . We use it for simple jobs like drilling wood to hang plants , assemble/disassemble furniture , fix our cabinets , etc. . . For these tasks , it does the job prefectly and is small enough to get to those hard to reach areas . Anyways , it doesnt wow me , I do like it and am glad to have purchased it . If you arent doing anything major , this is the tool for you . If you are going to be using it daily , I would look for something more industrial .
 This is my first drill . Very easy to use for women . Have fixed numerous things around my home with it .
 I 'm not saying it 's bad for lots of use , but I can only speak for the way I use it which is for odd things around the house once in a while , works fine for me though something I was drilling no matter how tight I screwed the holder the 1/16 drill bit kept slipping . I bought good sets of drill & screwdriver bits . I gave it a 4 for that and because it does n't come with a hard shell case , I should have read better but all the drills I see in the store seem to come with a case , and the only one I owned in the past had a case . I wish I could at least buy a case separately -LRB- if I can I do n't know how , I searched the web , everything short of contacting B&D , maybe I will do that -RRB-
 Producto excelente y buen estado entregado a tiempo y en condiciones &oacute;ptimas altamente recomendado el vendedor y con buena credibilidad
 If you want a drill that does n't feel like it 's gon na drill thru your wall , this is it . It 's perfect for lite household tasks and putting furniture together .
 the black and decker 7.2 volt drill is n't the most powerful drill but it is perfect for assembling furniture or for mounting frames and mirrors . A real help around the home . Packs more power than it looks .
 This is the first power drill I have ever purchased , so I can not compare it to another , but it is doing the job for me perfectly . I like it 's light weight and simple controls .
 Great for little jobs and easy to lift and hold . We are very happy with this purchase . Used mostly for putting up curtain rods .
 I got this for my husband because he needed an extra drill at his shop , and he says it works great and he has n't had any trouble with it . He has another drill that he bought for $ 80 and he says this one is just as great .
 This is a very basic drill that will get the job done around the house . It has everything you need as your standard drill.Pros :1 . Long lasting battery . I have only charged it once -LRB- in the beginning when you have to -RRB- even though I have used it several times and still require no charge after a month of use .2 . Very sturdy and the clamps for the bits are good.Cons :1 . Does not have a torque setting . This is a plus on other drills I 've had to keep you from over tightening something .2 . If you do not hold the drill in place while you are unscrewing something , the clamps for the drill bit loosen a bit . I 've had the drill bit fall out a couple of times because of this . It would be nice to have a stopper of some sort to lock the drill bit in place.Great product , great price . I recommend this to anyone who needs a drill to get your basic work done around the house .
 Inexpensive excellent product . Battery holds charge like any more expensive drill . I will purchase these types of drills anytime . Thanks .
 really satisfied with this product/cant beat it for the price and my son was so glad to get it for christmas
 i like this product very well , with this price and work very well.i like this product very well , with this price and work very well
 great for the price , does not feel cheap , have used it a couple of times and no problems at all .
 In the box , giving it to my stepdad for Christmas hope he likes it . Would recommend for someone else to get .
 Will this drill hold 1/8 inch drill tips or would I need another drill accessory to go with the drill ?
 good morning I would like to know how much weight this product complete with box and also how many pounds would weigh with the shipping boxthanks
 It came before a week without any additional money . Works fine and it very comfortable to work with . It can fit pretty much any size drill bit and does n't need a key chuck . I would recommend it .
 Having worked in the construction trades for many years , I have a variety of professional quality corded and cordless drills , but my six year old wanted a `` real '' drill of his own . I found one of these on sale for under 20 bucks a couple of years ago and figured that for the price , I would n't be too bothered if he ruined it . It was perfect for him to use for drilling holes in scrap lumber as he learned to use tools , clamp down his work , wear appropriate safety gear , and become comfortable in the workshop.I was impressed enough that I bought two more for my students to use for technology and engineering projects in the middle school science classroom -LRB- popsicle stick bridges , mousetrap cars -RRB- , and then I bought one more to keep handy at the bench where I do electronics and hobby projects.Frankly , it is a far better drill than I had expected for the price . In repetitive use , it comfortably drilled 20 consecutive 1/4 holes in a slab of 4/4 oak . The slower speed on the two speed trigger works nicely for driving screws or drilling up to 1/8 '' holes through aluminum bar stock and brass . It will effectively work for slow speed grinding and sanding with `` dremel '' type attachments in a pinch , although obviously the Dremel tool is much better for this.The drills in my classroom get continuous use for a few days and then get packed away until the next project . The ones at home will get intensive use over a weekend and then will go for several weeks without being used at all . Surprisingly , I generally find that the batteries retain plenty of power for a casual hole or three even when put up without getting a full charge first.Tip
 This drill is a great value for someone who uses it twice a month or less.I found this locally for about $ 20 . It has great features for the price
 Good buy . Does not come with bits and drill heads . Luckily I had a set from my old drill.I did find this one cheaper in Walmart later , but oh well.I built all the furniture in my new apartment with this guy . Thank goodness I had it.Powerful enough for the job w/o being too heavy to lug around . Charges just fine .
 I received this BLACK & DECKER 7.2-VOLT CORDLESS DRILL for Christmas . I 've been looking for a cordless drill for about nine months and had been looking at drills that were a bit larger and more powerful . However , even though this drill is n't quite what I was looking for , it 's an exceptional drill . It has two speeds -LRB- 325 & 650 rpm -RRB- , can go in reverse , and the chuck is keyless . It 's a very easy drill to use and is fairly light weight . The battery pack is built inside the drill and in order to charge it , you have to plug the charger into a socket on the drill . I 've used this drill several times since receiving it and have not had any problems . In fact , the only criticism I have is that the drill does n't include any drill bits or heads ; you have to purchase a set of drill bits and heads separately . Overall , this is a great drill for someone who is a novice to beginning home repair type person . It 'll also do a job for more experience handymen who are in the pinch .
 I do n't want to be sexist , but let 's face it - as a single girl , even one with a penchant for home improvement , there 's not a high chance I 'm going to be doing heavy construction - and this drill is PERFECT for me . I 've owned 2 of these drills for 2 years . -LRB- I bought a second drill for my store -RRB- This drill is relatively lightweight , cheap but not cheap-feeling , and very , very reliable . I actually own a Makita and I prefer this one - mostly due to weight and it being so uncomplicated . After 2 years the batteries still hold charge exceptionally well and the power seems above average for a drill in this price range -LRB- Just yesterday I drove a 3in screw into 3inches of hardwood without predrilling -RRB- This drill has performed well when being used heavily and is reliable even when the battery has sat for weeks.I do n't think it 's the ultimate in power drills , but for the price , I do think it 's a 5 star value .
 This drill does as advertised . It is very light weight , yet packs enough power for most household work . I am amazed at how long it works on a single charge . I like the fact that the batteries are built-in and do n't have to be removed/replaced for charging . For the price , I highly recommend it for typical household drilling .
 I wanted something light and has enoguh power to drill a bit through thick plastic/woods / and walls and this product delivered everything i expected it to . The Bits and screw tips fit perfectly , aslo the be sure to charge it , initially , for 16 hrs before use .
 This drill is fine except for the fact that it wo n't stand up - it topples right over . Obviously the person who designed this never thought of the convenience of a drill that can stand on a counter without toppling off . Works great , price is right but remember that you have to lay this drill on its side or you are going to quickly hear a crash !
 Bought this for my son who wanted a drill and I really did n't want to spend a lot of money on it not knowing if he would really use it . It came with two add-on items and he has LOVED it used it to put on fender flares on his Jeep and was really happy .
 This drill is cheap and very functional . i def . recommend it ! It s light and useful for small house work .
 I bought this for the price and it seems to work well . I have n't really tested it on anything that requires a lot of power . Make sure you purchase driving bits or you wo n't be able to use it . They are n't included .
 great for drilling . not so fast . but enough for tiring bolt.godoasdasdfvasfvasdfasdfadsfw
 buenas this product muy bueno y es elegi this calificacion Por Que s&iacute; lo Merece y el Vendedor de s&iacute; Merece la ONU 100 x ciento es de Uno de Los Mejores Vendedores Que heno
 Hardly a professional tool , but for putting up the occasional shelf this is lightweight , easy to use , and comes with a nice variety of drill bits .
 Hey this is not the most powerful drill you will ever buy but it hold a charge long after all the other drill I have have run down . I will definitely buy another one if so needed . perfect to have in the house for small jobs . Pound for pound the best drill in terms of battery life
 The product was delivered in timely fashion . I have no comment about the product . It is very standard item and I am not expecting anything spectacular from this item . It is a good and reasonable product , as expected .
 Good value for the price , however did n't realize the drill bits were n't included . A bit of a disappointment , but did find the others on your website and for a good price .
 I bought this to be used as a cordless screwdriver and was pleasantly surprised . Note that no bits are included , you 'll need to purchase your own screwdriver or drill bits . Takes 16 hours to charge completely , but it 's got a fantastic lifespan . I assembled a dresser which must have involved nearly 100 screws and it did n't slow down one bit . Yes , it 's a NiCad battery , which can have all sorts of strange `` memory '' problems and drainage issues if it 's used frequently or charged improperly , but hey this is around $ 20 , what do you expect ? It 's a great cordless screwdriver to keep around the house for the occasional furniture assembly.I wished it had a higher torque setting for screws . I had to tighten a few screws by hand to make sure they were in all the way - at some point this can jump out of the screw if it encounters too much resistance . I can also see how this might be inadequate for drilling through much more than drywall , it just does n't have quite the power . But hey , it 's $ 20 . Pros : Good battery lifeCheapGood enough for most tasksNice weight , feel in the hands and size.Cons : No bits includedNo charger light -LRB- you have to guess when it 's fully charged -RRB- NiCad battery is n't the bestTorque/total power could be better
 Excellent product , very affordable and of good quality . 100 % recommended for future purchases ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
 Was very pleased with my selection and the items were gifts that my friends will enjoy for a long time.Pleased Customer
 Finally gave in and got a drill and for the price I was like why did n't I do this forever ago ! Charges well and lasts a pretty long time . bought a drill bit set at WM for 10 $ so he could do all the fancy stuff :-RRB- overall a very good buy imo .
 Like many other reviewers have said , this is n't a powerful drill , but for light duty work , this one is excellent . The keyless chuck works great and the two speed motor has been working great for 1/2 year now . The charge seems to last even if it has n't been plugged in for months . For the price , you ca n't go wrong .
 Great for small jos around the house.Good for predrilling holes , and driving small screwsA very usefull tool to have around the house . $ 20 , well spent .
 I do my own relatively light household tasks , and recently put up 3 8-ft serious-but-decorative shelves for books . My previous cordless drills had died , so I ordered this one . The price was great , and it had more power than more expensive drills I saw at a local home repair store . It was perfect for the job . LOVE the keyless chuck -- it takes very little effort to do the extra `` twist '' to secure the bit . It is so simple to use -- even someone who does n't like household repair / improvement jobs will warm up to this one.It holds a good charge , at least so far . I finished the shelves some weeks ago , and that job required a fair amount of serious drilling into studs -LRB- 12 holes -RRB- and compressed board shelving -LRB- 12 holes -RRB- . I just got it out to drill holes for drywall sinkers , and the power was as good as ever . -LRB- Apologies if this comment displays a lack of familiarity with how long a drill charge SHOULD last ; I was glad only that I did n't have to recharge it before using it again -- my other drills had to be recharged if you left alone for more than a day or two . -RRB- The only drawback was that it came w/out a 2-way screwdriver tool that my other drills came with , clicked into its own little groove on the handle . Fortunately I had saved one when I threw out the other drills . That is the only reason I gave it a 4-star ; I really wanted to give it a 5 .
 This is a very good drill , I was suprised at the amount of power it has , i higly recommend this unit to anyone needing a small and light drill .
 Bondhus makes quality L-wrenches . I needed the tiny torx wrenches , I ca n't stand cheapo disposable tools that twist and round out , and the price was right for this set . These are the SHORT version , so if you 're used to spinning the tool while lightly holding the long shaft , the smallest ones , because of their small shaft length , are not ideal , but they still get the job done . If I was using these wrenches daily , I 'd get the regular length just for the speed factor , but for occasional use , these are cheaper , they work great , and the set does n't take up much space .
 I had never bought tools from this company , but the price was right . They functioned as you would expect , and appear to be of good quality . I have n't owned them long enough to have a problem , but I do n't expect any .
 I ordered several of these bits in order to insert some anchor bolts into concrete flooring . These bits are great , like a hot knife going through butter , when used with a good hammerdrill . Usual Amazon packaging , shipping , delivery ... with incident and timely .
 It is white and looks identical to image . I liked how it arrived right away and it looks as I expected . I guess it 's a great product if your looking for a combination wallplate with a switch and an outlet on the side .
 The wallplate was fine , & I greatly appreciate that Amazon.com had this item listed -LRB- I was only able to locate the item on 2 other websites and they each wanted prohibitive fees for shipping and handling of a 2-3 oz . piece of plastic -RRB- . I could n't even locate this item -LRB- in this color -RRB- in my local hardware or electric stores . The only problem I had was that the price for the item itself was so high at Amazon.com . Where the other sites had the item for a price of $ 1 - $ 2 , Amazon 's price was nearly $ 5 just for the wallplate . The only reason I went w / Amazon was that the combined cost of the wallplate and S&H was less than those of the other sites -LRB- they wanted $ 10 - $ 12 just for the S&H -RRB- . I really think you need to look into why a small piece of plastic is listed for 2-2 .5 times the price others have it listed for .
 Nice wallies ! Only problem I had was in the fact my walls have the orange peel texture on them and they did not adhear without extra wallpaper paste . The look great but keep that in mind .
 Finally got my four bikes up off the garage floor . Racks work great and are very sturdy . Installed them one side into the wall stud and used the molly bolts for the drywall . Perfect solution to bikes leaning against the wall and not staying put . Glad to have them !
 I am very pleased with the product . It appears to be well constructed . I currently have my 24lb . bike on it and it seems like it will hold a second bike with no problem . The shelf is very practical with enough space for my gloves and helmet . There 's not much more to say about . It 's a pretty simple and straightforward piece . I would definitely consider purchasing another Racor product .
 I 've had these up for about 6 months . No problems at all . Easily holds 2 bikes -LRB- about 60-70 lbs worth of bikes/stuff -RRB- . I placed 1 1/2 inch Tapcon anchors x 6 into each mounting bracket -LRB- concrete wall -RRB- . They are imported -LRB- big surprise ! -RRB- . Could n't find equivalent domestic .
 1 . Assembles well , fasteners are sufficient for task .2 . Assembly instructions lacking in clarity3 . Seems sturdy .4 . Holds two road bikes without problem .
 A solid and well-made product that looks better than many other plastic-coated steel products -LRB- an ugly product category overall -RRB- . It holds my bike further out from the wall than I would like -LRB- about one and a half inches -RRB- but I can see that they need to allow for all kinds of handlebars.The instructions were inadequate . For example there are two plastic inserts and there were no instructions about these at all . I figured where they go but why should I have to bother ? There was also vagueness about how many of the screw holes should actually be used and the instructions assumed that it would be attached to a plasterboard wall and had no advice about attaching to a masonry wall . Racor is far from being alone in providing inadequate instructions but it is annoying and pretty easy to fix .
 This bike rack is excellent . It was very easy to install , and holds two bikes with no problem at all . I 'm amazed at how strong it is . It 's a real space saver in our apartment and is elegant and simple looking . One word of caution
 Works great with 2 road bike . I put pipe padding from Home Depot on the bars for extra protection from scratching frames . My Look 585 is my baby . 4 stars for the higher price . If it was under $ 35 I 'd give it a five stars for value .
 Easy to install . Holds two heavy bikes in a small space . What 's not to like .
 Great product for all bikes . Perfect for one but will hold 2 . Rack allows fast drying of helmet and gloves . Could not figure out the hangers and how they fit on the rack but overall nice product .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Good tool . Exact what I was looking for , except it should come with the ` bit ' as it shown on the picture .
 I love this knife . As a matter of fact , it 's the best , most practical pocket carry knife I 've ever had . It is the perfect size to carry and weighs nearly nothing . The blade is just the perfect length to do just about anything you need , unless of course you are Crocodile Dundee , or looking strictly for a hunting knife . The blade is high carbon steel and holds an edge for a long time . With it 's un-serrated edge it can be sharpened the entire length . I really do n't care for serrated blades unless it 's on a steak knife . While closed , the knife is just perfect for pocket carry without being bulky , heavy , or making your pockets bulge . I carry a lot of stuff with me at all times and I do n't need any extra weight or bulk in my pockets . The only drawback is that it is so lightweight that you might not notice when you have forgotten to put it back in your pocket . When I say lightweight I do n't mean flimsy . This thing is solid ! Once broken in , it 's a snap to open and close one -LRB- right -RRB- handed and locks into place securely . The finish is n't shiny or `` chrome '' , so it keeps up it 's appearance even if carried with other junk in your pocket . After years of carrying this knife , it still looks great and I still have people ask me to see it . I do n't leave home or even put my pants on in the morning without this knife . You could buy a more expensive knife . I do n't know what more you could get from spending more money since this knife does exactly what it 's supposed to do . I 've had some pretty expensive knives in my time and this one performs as well or better than any of them . It is small enough that it is n't considered a `` threat '' when opened in public , yet large enough to perform any normal daily task with ease.There is a huge craze over assisted open knives right now . Personally I prefer this Gerber Ripstop knife over those for several reasons . # 1
 This is the perfect knife if you are looking for one to carry on yourself at all times . It has a really sharp blade and fits well in your hand . It looks good and feels good too . You wo n't even know it 's in your pocket . My only issues with this knife are , this knife was designed for a righty , and I am a lefty and secondly , it 's a little stiff to open , but I have already noticed it lessening up since I 've owned it .
 THIS IS A KNIFE . I 'M SURE EVERYBODY 'S ALREADY HEARD - OR READ - THAT . BUT ANYWAY ... THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST BLADES YOU CAN BUY.THIS KNIFE 'S BLADE IS MADE OF HIGH-CARBON STEEL AND THE COUPLE WEEKS I 'VE HAD IT IT HAS NOT DULLED AT ALL -LRB- I HAVE USED IT A LOT , TOO -RRB- . THE KNIFE ITSELF IS 2 OUNCES AND THE BLADE IS 2.3 INCHES LONG . THE BLADE ITSELF COMES VERY SHARP AND UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE ABLE TO SHAVE THE HAIR OFF YOUR ARM YOU WO N'T NEED TO SHARPEN IT.IT IS N'T A SHINY BLADE , BUT WHO REALLY CARES?SUMMARY
 great quality blade at an affordable price . was more than expected glad I made the choice . will definitely buy again
 Not a bad set for the price , but . . Look at all the nice compartments for the terminals and connectors . The problem is there are 4 compartments that do n't have sides , so the connectors will run together . I guess that 's why each connecter / terminal set is shipped in little zip lock bags . Also the crimping tool fits into the plastic case so several of the compartment sides are cut lower to hold the tool . This could create another problem in keeping the connectors organized . Finally , maybe someone could help me on the wire stripping part of the tool . It is certainly not labeled in AWG size . Maybe diameter of the wire ? I do n't have a clue . Examples are the smallest sizes are labeled .75 , 1 , 1.5 etc. . Is this maybe IEC or some other standard ? Otherwise , it is not a bad set .
 I ordered this kit primarily for the solderless terminals . A cursory inventory showed that there were as many connectors as in the product description . They range from 10AWG to 22AWG connectors ; open-faced , closed face , butting connectors and female connectors.The crimper/stripper that came with the lot is horrible . First , the rivet holding the two sides together is done way too tight , making it needlessly difficult to open and close the tool . Second , when squeezed together , the portions that are supposed to be the stripper does not even butt up . There is no way that this tool can cleanly and reliably cut the insulation off of a wire . Finally , there are burrs left on the tool at every place it was cut or machined . Significant burrs . Ones that could cut you if you let the metal portion slide through your hand even with it shut.Luckily , I already have a decent pair so that these can be tossed .
 This is a decent set of terminal connectors . Soon as you get it , you should throw away the crimping tool , and get a decent pair . The crimpers that come with this kit at extremely stiff , and difficult to work with at best . but i did not buy this kit for the strippers . The connectors seem of good quality . Another side note is the storage box this comes with , you must keep the connectors in their bags . If you do n't , they will overflow into the other compartments if turned sideways . But like i said , i bought them for the termination ends only . I 'm a happy customer .
 I can not seem to find anything really negative about this kit , comes with many crimps and the wire strippers seem to be doing as good as expected job . I probably only have had this kit less than a week and it worked great for extending speaker wire for my stereo . If there is any real minor flaw that I have found , it has to be that even the smallest stripper hole is n't small enough for most standard speaker wire , but I was still able to make it work . Overall hard to beat for the price .
 Everything was as described and worked perfectly ! The set comes with a little bit of everything . In hindsight , I could have just gone to a tool store for a crimper and a handful of terminals , where I had to go anyways because there were n't enough in the box , for the job I had to do .
 This is a great kit for a great price . You 'd pay $ 10-15 for the crimping tool alone . Why not get a few of each connector to try it out and see what you need?All pieces were easy to identify and of good enough quality to trust when using for my car stereo install.Buy with confidence .
 good product for the price . Came in a timely matter and used it for exactly what i wanted to . get it
 O do a lot of wire work , this is a handy little product to have , price was good , shipping was good and the plastic case though boring serves the purpose quite nicely . I love this product and would recommend it to anybody !!!
 Works like a charm . Interesting , there were no spade terminals with the blue barrel . Had to buy some at Radio Shack . Otherwise , I 'm very happy .
 Nice kit comprised of adequate quality / variety terminals and crimping tool for light duty applications.Everything including the crimping tool stay organized within the clear plastic container .
 I first thought it too spendy for what you get but you get a good wire cutter and crimper plus various wire ends , the kind that are always in demand . The perfect project supplies all together in a handy display case . I 'm glad I puchased this . P.O.Thompson
 First , my crimpers open easily , so either the manufacturer is listening to customer complaints or I just got lucky . I think the crimpers are just fine compared to anything I 've ever seen in a set like this , but I have a really good set of ratcheting crimpers anyway , so I have n't given them much thought.At some point , you just have to have a set of all the terminals around , and at least something to crimp with . This is an inexpensive way to have that.I have to open my case toward me , which I consider backwards , to be able to read the labels without them being upside down . Odd.It 's nice that the crimpers fit in the case , but as another reviewer mentioned , four of the compartments do n't have sides , which does n't make any sense . But they 're all in bags , which is nice , because these compartmental boxes always get mixed up anyway.I think it 's a fine buy , if you just want to have a set like this around . If you 're really doing a lot of such connections , I 'm sure you 'd be better off buying each size in bulk and getting a serious ratcheting crimper set .
 cheap and lots of connectors , only bumped a star becuase 3 of the connectors had flaws and had to be thrown away , and the cable crimpers are n't reat but for the price i will probably buy another one when i am out of terminals and connectors a good deal oerall
 This is a great value for the price , but be aware that the wire stripper does not use conventional markings for wire gauge -LRB- like 12 , 14 , 16 , 18 etc. -RRB- but some other scale I have never seen . The wire stripper works OK if you happen to hit the right slot . Nice selection of connectors for your shelf for future needs .
 Excellent , I will recommend this product to my fellow co-workers . Thanks for the oppertunity or the flexability to ship this to Germany .
 i order ` ed this one and another from a different place this one was superior to any other that i 've seen
 The connections and everything are great , just the pieces I needed , however the provided wire strippers are really a pain . I 'd suggest getting a better primary pair and keep these as back up .
 I purchased this to install my CB and also to have various connectors while trail riding in my Jeep . The kit has a decent selection of connectors . The wire stripper/crimper is nice as well , but has only metric readings on it . If you know the metric equivalent of gauge wire , you 'll have no issues with the stripper . Of course , if you do n't , you can trial and error you 're way to the right one . But , I did n't purchase the kit for the crimper tool .
 I like this kit . Comes with all the simple basics needed to get started . I just needed the eyelets and butt connectors but it was cheaper this way . The crimps are a fairly decent quality as well . For the price , you ca n't go wrong . For the price , this kit wo n't disappoint you .
 Excellent product all parts were as described the only thing that I disliked were the cutting tool I have better
 I ca n't imagine what the negative reviews are about . Maybe they did n't install it properly because it works and looks perfect . I agree with one other review -- it is a nice match to the Price Pfister tuscan bronze hardware . My toilet looks like new with this simple upgrade .
 This is an awesome looking lever and ties the bathroom together when you have other oil rubbed bronze accessories.After installing this I ca n't imagine how it could break . This is a simple lever folks ... . invented approx the same time as the wheel!If you are looking for a great looking and functional lever ... this is it !
 My old flusher stripped and I worried about finding a replacement . I was so glad to find this at such a terrific price .
 Okay , if you have bronze accessories in your bathroom , this lever is a must have . It gives the bathroom a great finish . I would highly recommend . Easy to install & fast shipping . Thank you .
 This handle will let you flush in style . It matches the rest of the fixtures in the bathroom and as the Big Lebowski would say , it really ties the room together .
 I was very pleased with the color match to the Price Pfister tuscan bronze pieces I have in my new bathroom . IF I could find tuscan bronze anywhere , they were very expensive , so I decided to try this . It is the black not the brown shade that oil rubbed bronze usually is .
 My tank lever looks good and seems to be working so far ; we 've had it for 3 months now . I 'm a little terrified with the negative reviews , but I thought that maybe it 's just that all the people who had zero problems never bothered to post a positive review for a tank lever . So I 'm doing so , with caution . I 've had no problems thus far , but I really hope it stays that way . Purchased this lever to match with theDelta Victorian Faucet .
 Needed these for repairing a Jet Ski seat cover and I could n't find the stainless steel ones for a decent price anywhere . This worked out for me and I got the job done .
 In order not to have to worry about rusting I only use rust free staples , giving me the choice of Monel or stainless steel . I choose Monel because while more expensive it is pretty much guaranteed never to rust under any condition , while -LRB- some grades of -RRB- stainless steel can .
 It 's a great product . It was n't expensive and got to me on time . I 'm very happy with it .
 What can I say ? It 's a power strip with some electrical surge protection . We bought a couple to provide some protection for new flat screens . No way to know if it has ` suppressed ' any surges but it provides the convenience of multiple outlets anyway . Seems sturdy not flimsy , looks good and , as always , it 's much better to have it and not need it than the other way around . Enjoy .
 I 'm living in the dorms at my college so I needed a surge protector and I came upon this . I did n't need that many outlets so this was great for me . This has been working really well so far and I have no problems with it .
 October 25 , 2008A surge protector is an item that many consumers do not spend a lot of time researching . This product is highly recommended based on a competive price and a solid company , Belkin , behind it.Jay Adler , Music Critic
 I bought this to plug in a laptop , psp and a lamp . It works fine , feels solid . The cord is thick too . I recommend it .
 I am very pleased with the Belkin SurgeMaster 6-Outlet Surge Protector . It is less bulky than others I 've seen and the 6 outlets are just right for my computer and peripheral needs .
 Does what its supposed to do with no problems . Nothing more I can ask for .
 If you just want a basic surge protector , this is a good one for the price .
 You cant beat the price ! it does what its made to do . I love Belkin products . I took free super saver shipping and it arrived much before the estimated arrival date . Have been using it for last 3 months , I have my cable modem , TV and desktop connected to it and it 's been great
 How do you review a surge protector ? It either works or it does n't . This one seems to work just fine .
 I only gave this product a 4 because , even though it does the job , it tips over on its side a lot when any of the plugin lines are moved . perhaps a flat design rather than the curves would be better . Good price though and like I said it works fine .
 This surge protector from Belkin does an excellent job of protecting your electronic equipment from any damage or problems should there be a power surge . I have used this product for years now without any complaints.The surge protector benefits from a simplistic design ; for people like myself this is certainly sufficient to protect my computer and printer . There are six power outlets that also , of course , allow you to protect and plug in six things all at once . Just plug in the surge protector into an electrical outlet and there you are ! Everything should be fine.The cord does extend four feet and that 's an added plus . You do get a warranty with this mechanism , too.Obviously , I would never use this to light up a fish tank or place it near anything liquid . That could clearly start a fire.Overall , I have had no problems with this Belkin surge suppressor . I highly recommend this product .
 I love Belkin and their surge protectors are top quality . I specifically look for their brand and I am always very impressed . The SurgeMaster 7 Outlet / 1045 Joules / 6 ' Cord Home Series model has been especially good to me over the last 3 years and I would highly recommend it .
 As usual , Belkin makes a wonderful surge protector , however , be aware that the on/off switch for this particular model is not the classic `` lighted '' type . I prefer the switch that has the yellow/orange glowing light quality - that way , I know when it is on .
 As a power strip/surge protector , this item works pretty well . However , I do not give it 5 stars because the on/off switch shuts the strip off way too easily . Several times in the first 2 weeks I 've used it it has shut off either because a plug with a large transformer touched it or I accidentally brushed it with my foot . This is very annoying when you 're working on the computer and everything shuts off . If you put it in a place out of the way where nothing will touch it , I 'm sure it would be OK .
 This is an excellent and very affordable surge protector . The components including the switch are well made . I trust this product to protect my electronics and I operate a business and worked formerly as an IT Director . You will not be disappointed for what you get for your investment .
 The product works exactly as you would expect . My only critism is that it tips over pretty easily . Also , be sure that what you want to plug into it has small plugs and not the big `` boxes '' at the end , because you 'll end up with only 3 useable slots if they are all `` boxes . ''
 For the price , you can not beat these surge protectors . Belkin is a solid company with a good reputation . If you do not need all the fancy colors or designs , then this one will work great for you . It only has a 4 foot cord , but if you do not need a long one , then this one will suit you fine .
 If you have alot of electronics and computer equipment , this is the product to buy . It offers you 10 outlets for even the hard to place bulky plugs that usually takes up at least 2-3 outlets near it . The surgemaster itself is pretty big to start out with , but it 's well designed . I brought one of these to test it out , and liked it so much I ended up replacing all of my old surgemasters with this new product .
 We live in a developing country where the power goes out at least 3 times each week . When our generator kicks in , we no longer run to check our appliances and electrical equipment . This surge protector does its job . The swivel plug and space for larger plugs common on todays appliances is also very user friendly . We bought 5 , and have recommended them to others . If they work here , they 'll work anywhere .
 I have several of these units , and so far , they have served us very well . There has been a blackout and surges since I have owned these units , and there has been no problem with any of the appliances attached , to date . Let 's hope things stay that way .
 It 's a great surge protector . Good number of outlets , well-spaced so everything fits .
 I have been using these surge protectors for the past handful of years , and they are still working great . I have not had any issues whatsoever , and I have really beat these things up with all the moves over the year . I would definitely recommend Belkin products .
 I 've been trusting Belkin with my electronic doodads for quite some time now , and they 've never let me down . At least two different times I 've had a SurgeMaster take a hit , and none of my devices got fried.The two `` Always On '' plugs have been extremely useful , and I have yet to find another surge protector that offers that feature . There 's not a lot of wasted space on the unit itself , and the adjustible plug is helpful . All around , this is my favorite surge protector !
 This is a well designed surge protector . A useful product feature that is n't listed in the details is that 2 of the outlets are unswitched , so you can turn the power off but still have those two outlets with power which is great for saving electricity . So far I have n't had any surges to test it - but hopefully that wo n't be necessary !
 A stripped power line caused a crazy surge which ruined the surge protector -LRB- black residue everywhere ! -RRB- but saved my Imac and a whole deskful of other items from any damage at all . Great product !
 Works great and was a great price . Have n't had a surge yet but will update it if I do .
 I have a computer that demands full power at all times and with my old 1566 joule surge protector , it could ` nt keep up . This surge protector gives my computer more than enough power and will support it for a long time . 3540 joules is great for a new high end computer which demands a lot of power to run smoothly . It is definatly worth the 45 bucks !
 For the windows set back into the frame a bit ... these are fantastic units ... extremely functional . I like ! They make the storm windows stay very tightly within the frames . I highly recommend them .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 a spare bulb is always a good thing . i do not like to be without it .
 The quality and workmanship of these handles are excellent ! They are even prettier in person , but the photograph was very helpful in selecting them . They are very well priced for the value . The vendor shipped promptly , carefully , and expediently . I will definitely order from them in the future .
 I looked all around Amazon for a reasonably priced surge protector and ended up ordering two of these -LRB- ~ $ 18 each -RRB- . It 's self-evident from the pictures about the number and spacing of the plugs . I use it for my computer setup , which like a lot of computers , have a whole lot of plugs to accomadate -LRB- BTW plugs are easy to insert -RRB- . There are indicator lights for `` protected '' and `` grounded '' . Belkin also offers a $ 150k warranty with this model , though I 'm curious how well it 's honored . The true test of this surge protector is during a fault event , but of course , you do n't wish for those to happen . I have lots of other sensitive electronic equipment connected to all different types of surge protectors , and generally have not had problems . I 'm not sure if you are buying much better practical protection for average home electronics when you are spending $ 50-100 on a surgeprotector.EDIT
 Forget all those so-called surge protectors you get for less than $ 10.00 . After buying this one , the others are just a waste of money.I had a problem with my Tivo unit having a loss of signal on certain channels . Since I installed the Belkin SurgeMaster , the problem no longer exists . Plus , the picture on the televison is better.Ive know purchased additional ones and have my computer on it . Very pleased . I do n't want to use any other type .
 I got this surge protector because I needed a very long cord . I like that it gives you room for 2 big power adapters . I also like that you can slide the outlet covers so that you can cover the unused outlets.Amazon said this unit might not ship immediately but I received it the next day . Local stores charge $ 15 more for this unit so this is a great deal .
 I had another more expensive surge protector from Belkin for over 10 years . I got this one for my Fish Tank / Aquarium set up . I have the filter , the light , and the water heater -LRB- Tropical fish -RRB- plugged in , and I have a stereo system . No surge yet ... I would recommend this product to everyone .
 Exactly as advertised.Great assortment and very handy to have in the workshop.seems like i was always looking for one of these clips .
 This product is just as described ! A must have for a shop . These clips are found on everything from turbos to jack wheels . The main sizes are all included . This has already paid for itself !
 Would recommend every handyman especially the shade tree mechanic get a box . I 'm impressed with the quality . This will save a lot of extra trips to the hardware store to buy one or two at a time .
 I am using these clips on a project I am currently working on and I was never worried that the size I needed was n't in the kit.Great size range and great weight and quality of the clips .
 The clips are of high quality , and I like the range of sizes . I 'm glad there is a very large range of sizes -LRB- from very small to very large -RRB- . There are n't very many of the large sizes , so if you need more , get a couple sets.As usual for sets like this , the case is junk , buy a better case and transfer the contents .
 I was out of luck engineer always looking for e-clips in all the wrong places . Oh sure I tried the bad e-clips , but for a straight laced guy like me ... well it 's no dice . My friends kept saying , go online , go online ! everyone is during it . But I resisted . I keep picking up cheap e-clips at Menards or Lowes late at night . I was so ashamed . Then I gave in . I searched and there ... there they were . Neiko e-clips in an assortment . What ? One or two you say ... nay nay ! How about 300 . That 's right the same number that held off the Persians at Thermopylae . Coincidence ? I think not ! Why , they glowed like the Northern Lights calling me home . Should I ? Could I give online e-clips a chance ? I mustered up the courage and YES . Yes Amazon , I shall take these back to my garage . And you know what , I 've never been happier ! I have the respect of my kids again for using good quality e-clip assortments . My neighborhood gives me the thumbs up as a drive past . I know why . They see me rolling Neiko style ! Neiko e-clip assortments are part of our generation . Hince forth , let our generation , let your projects , let your life be known as the Neiko e-clip greatest generation . Pick up , and change your life
 I have several of these installed at home . They screw into your wall outlet . Easy to install , secure and easy to use . The lights show you it 's working without unduly lighting up the room . The $ 250K damage warranty give me confidence that the product really does protect my home electronics .
 In so far as I know , this device works as advertized . It comes with all connections . However you must apparently mount it on top of the receptical face plate instead of flat against the wall by replacing the face plate . Kinda wiggley .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Nice tool for aiding in field dressing deer.I would recommend this product for anyone who is looking for an easier way to process game .
 Upon opening ... I like that it has air filled big tires that will make it going over the thick grass easier . Setup was quick two thumb bolts . What I do n't like is the random guess work with regards to the spreader amount setting . It is not notchy so you do n't really know what amount you are in or if it is hit you would be putting a lot more or less . Next , I will hit the turff and let ya 'll know how it is.Update
 very sturdy . Saves so much time compared to my Scott 's drop spreader . Works for seed and fertilizer . Just got to get used to the distance it spreads .
 I purchased this after reading reviews , and after one use I am not disappointed . True it is advertised at 80 lbs . and it only holds 50 , but a 50 lb . bag is all I want to push around my yard at one time , anyway . Was easy and comfortable to push . I did n't experience any of the other difficulties that other reviewers mentioned about it dragging the ground or being too `` short . '' I also had no trouble using the printed chart that comes with to determine what setting to use ... and it worked perfectly , covering exactly as it said it should . No regreats with this one so far !
 This spreader is far superior to anything else on the market at any price point . The oversize tires really help going over rough terrain and the spread rate adjustment is straight forward . Because the tires grip so well you can get a longer throw during broadcast as the spreader sling plate spins much faster than those on cheap poly wheeled spreaders . Highly recommended !
 I ordered this Spreader after an long search . Merchandise arrived in perfect condition . Just pulled it out of the box , tightened the handle & it was ready to go . This spreader worked great , easy to set & adjust flow of Weed & Feed , The tires on it are much better then the hard plastic ones that come on most of the other brands . I was able to complete about a 1 acre area in no time , with no problems , the amount of Weed & Feed it holds is Great , less stopping & lifting of heavy bags to refill it . I am very pleased with it thus far & would Highly Recommend it to anyone who has a small or big yard .
 I tested out quite a few other spreaders and this one is by far the best built of the group . The other spreaders were very flimsy .
 Pros : This is a very well made spreader . The pneumatic tires and easy locking shifter make it a clear choice above the cheapo Scott 's units . For $ 20 - $ 25 more , it 's well worth it . -LRB- BTW , I just saw a pneumatic tire unit made by Scott 's at Lowes , It 's garbage compared to the Earth Way and is about the same price . -RRB- Cons
 I purchased this for my husband , he really likes this one he has had others . Easy ro push and operate .
 Came assembled , good construction , easy to use . Remember to start walking b4 starting to drop product so as to avoid little piles of fert.Earthway 2050P Estate 80-Pound Walk-Behind Broadcast Spreader
 I am very pleased with my purchase . It will help me with my 28,000 square foot front yard.Thanks again Harry B.
 Everything about this spreader speaks quality , it is an Earthway after all . The only complaint I have is that the handle is pretty short . I feel like I have to adjust the way I walk behind it because of the handle . I do n't really , just feel like I should because you are walking closer to it . But then I forget about it and just `` spread '' .
 This Earthway 2050P is the best spreader I have ever owned . It pushes really easy and has very even flow with any setting you desire , it is well made and looks to be very durable .
 Best spreader owned . Excellent product , precise settings , professional quality and features at homeowner price . Very fast shipment .
 The pneumatic tires on this spreader make it possible to go over rougher ground more evenly . If you 're tall , the handles could be a bit longer .
 Unit works very well . Need more setting information in addition to the pounds per square foot in the instructions . Large fertilizer manufacturers primarily give settings for Scott rotary spreaders , but very few for Earthway . Instructions on fertilizer bag are often different compared to the Earthway instructions.Granular size makes a difference in settings also . Confusing . Pushes well over rough ground , hills etc. . Carries a good load .
 Enough has been said about the quality of this spreader and I agree with all of it . I just wanted to add a note about Earthway customer service . My spreader arrived with a hole in the box where one of the tubes poked through from rough handling . The hole plug that goes in the end of the tube was missing . I found the Earthway website and sent a message late one evening . I already had a response at 5:11 am the next morning to inform me that a replacement part was on the way . That 's good customer service ! Obviously the person responding made it first priority for the day to address customer issues .
 As advertised , a cut above the typical big box store items . Maybe not as easy to push over uneven terrain as some reviewers would lead you to believe , but certainly better than most . A good product , well worth the money .
 This spreader seems very durable and precise with the large rubber wheels over uneven terrain . It saves a lot of time with a wide distribution , however , I used a drop spreader around drives , walks and shrub borders for better control . I sealed a few holes and any openings in the tubular structure with silicone sealer to prevent entrance of any highly corrosive fertilizer and water .
 Love it ! Coming from scotts deluxe edge guard this is a solid stable pusher . I put several 40 bags of lime out over my acre lawn in no time -LRB- 1 bag at a time -RRB- . bumps were handled easily . hills no problem , albeit I probably spread it a lil uneven - I chalk it up to inexperience . I proceeded with grass seed , where I use scotts brands and found that the conversion of settings was difficult . Finally after a pencil/paper and grade school math I figured it out . You 'll need to keep the conversion chart handy as most bags dont list earthway settings2 things to know before you buy :1 -RRB- scotts has edgeguard this does not -LRB- watch the throw radius -RRB- 2 -RRB- mapping from scotts broadcast spreader settings to earthway spreaders is a math problem .
 Arrived early and just what the vender advertised . The soft tires are great and the capacity is just right . Enough to cover some ground but not too heavy to handle .
 if you take care of your own yard and fertilizer or over seed 4 or 5 time a year this is well worth your money for any homeowner with a yard bigger than 10,000 sq feet . My only regret is waiting so long to buy this spreader . The 10 '' pneumatic wheels make all the difference 10x easier to push than the Scotts deluxe it replaced . Only improvement would be a little taller handle as I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it is a little low .
 Works great . Easy to use , spreads evenly and covers a large area in a short amount of time . Bought this to replace using a commercial spreader I had to wait my turn to borrow .
 The wheels make this broadcast spreader easy to use and speeds up the process . an excellent addition to your lawn care tools
 Great spreader ! The perfect combination between durability and cost . We love the larger tires and extra capacity . Nothing negative to say .
 Works great , I have a medium size yard and it does a nice job . I use to have a professional company treat the yard . This year chose to do it myself . Yard has never looked better .
 This is so much nicer than the junk you get from local stores . Easy to calibrate and does a great job .
 This is a well made lawn spreader that was easy to assemble right out of the box . The large wheels makes using the spreader very easy and it pushes very easily over rough areas of your lawn . The broadcast spreader does its job very well as it can propel the fertilizer very far and evenly on your lawn . Very pleased with my purchase .
 Worked as advertised . Directions easy to follow . Broadcast farther than my older one did . For the money I would recommend it to anyone .
 Spreader seems to be well built , easy to use , and the conversion guide included is a must . Others have mentioned that the handle sits to low , but for me the handle is great . I am 6 ' 2 '' and it is much easier to grip than the Scotts spreaders I have been using .
 I was pleasantly surprised by this product . It 's well made . The handle has a nice soft grip on it , the air-filled tires are without question superior to any plastic-wheeled competitor and the spread-rate mechanism worked smoothly with a high-quality feel . It came essentially fully-assembled and I had it out of the box and ready to go in five minutes . Only `` complaint '' - there is a fairly complex dual-matrix chart that explains how to set the spreader feed-rate for your fertilizer type . I had no trouble reading the charts but blew through a bag of fertilizer meant to cover 5,000 square-feet in about 1,000 square-feet the first time I used it . So not sure where the fault there lies but perhaps go a little conservative on your rate adjustment after reading the proper setting off the table .
 Glides over the lawn without ripping it up -LRB- would be pointless for a spreader to destroy the lawn , but the plastic wheel ones have both on Scotts and no-name brand ones -RRB- . Most spreaders choke on big bags of powder lime . This one was even and fast . I have not found anything within 100 dollars of this product that could compete with it . I put forth 1/20th the energy moving around the spreader . The pneumatic rubber wheels are the key along with a simple and sturdy design . The adjustment opens and closes with precision , it is made well.The picture makes it look cheesier than it is . It has a strong build to it and the handle can be loosened to fit in a tight shed . I was impressed by it in general :-RRB- The only possible issue is the cotters pin/wire that is in the bucket to mix the powder . I do not know how much of a load it can take . However , all spreaders have one as far as I have seen . Maybe on 400 dollar ones they use other things ?
 Bought this from Amazon after reading the generally positive reviews . I had borrowed a Scott 's to use before getting this one and it was definitely harder to push and did n't broadcast as wide a swath . The Earthway works well spreading milorganite . Only thing to watch is that you have to shut the lever off if you stop for any reason -- or the fertilizer will keep pouring through the holes onto the ground below ! Other than that it is easy to use on rough ground -LRB- the big wheels make a difference , as stated by others -RRB- and it carries a full hopper of 35 lbs easily .
 Ive used this once heres my take : It comes very well packaged and delivery was quick . It required little to no assembly . The big tires are very helpful when spreading on tall grass . My main complaint is that the title is misleading . It reads 80 lb spreader . I put a 40 LB bag of fertilizer in the bucket and it completely filled so I dont know how they would expect you to fit 80lbs ? Other then the capacity glitch it was a good purchase .
 Nice spreader , easy to use , ready to go out of the box . 2 suggestions for this spreader , # 1 , cut out and save the application chart off the box , and # 2 , get 2 , 3/4 '' pvc schedule 40 couplings , cut a 1/4 '' slit lengthways in them , then snap onto the bottom frame where it rests on the ground to help protect the frame from scratches and rusting .
 Great product - well built and perfect for fertilising the lawns . The design and constructing of the unit is first class . Would recommend the unit .
 I was not able to find this locally so order online was my only option and I was not disappointed . It was everything I expected and works great . I use it for my yard as well as for my small 1/4 acre vineyard .
 Got this to replace a tow-behind spreader I had for the lawn tractor . Our yard was too small for the tow-behind , but this unit is perfect . Only thing missing is a screen to keep lumps out of the feed chute . I made one from some expanded steel mesh since I did n't see that as an accessory for this model . I know from experience many pelleted lawn products have clumps of material hidden in the bag that clog the spreader chute and mess up the spreading rate , so a screen is important .
 This a very well made product , and I like it . This is my first broadcast spreader , and it took some getting used to . I have used drop spreaders in the past , and it is easier to control the application with them . This spreader makes short work of big areas .
 Have never been pleased with the cheapness of the Scotts spreaders so I decided to lay down the money and purchase a pricier one . I 'm glad I did because I do n't foresee having to replace this spreader for a number of years . The inflatable tires are a huge plus on my rough terrain and most of the parts are metal or heavy duty plastic .
 Very good quality and works as described . Spreads evenly and quickly . The tires are one of the best features . The spreader travels smoothly over even my rough lawn .
 Looks better made than a Scotts and wheels actually feel oversized for its frame . Worked ok , but became clogged so had to unclog with a screwdriver . Also , a endcap came off frame . Looks like it will last otherwise .
 This is a top performing spreader.We are involved in a fairly large commercial gardening and lawnmowing operation and this machine suits our needs very well.Very prompt delivery in a fully assembled state .5 star +
 All I 've had in the past were the plastic wheeled Scott 's type spreaders . But now I have a larger yard -LRB- ~ 25,000 sq. ft. -RRB- and it 's bumpier than my previous one . Although this may be rated at 80lbs . you still have a volume issue to overcome to max it out . I suppose if you have a fertilizer or whatever you 're spreading that 's really dense , salt perhaps , where you can reach the 80lb . mark without filling up the hopper first , then I guess it may do 80lbs . I put a 40lb . bag of fertilizer in mine and the hopper was full . All and all I like it and would buy again .
 This is the first Broadcast Spreader I 've ever had that actually does what it says it will do . Other spreaders are plastic junk that wo n't broadcast lime -LRB- too heavy -RRB- or even allow a full load of fertilizer without stopping the action . This Earthway was here in 2 days , with just having to put the handle bar together -LRB- very simple -RRB- and I was off and running . The rubber tires make the job very even and fast with no `` drops '' anywhere in the yard . A full bag a heavy lime went like a breeze , and the fertilizer was no job at all for it . I was so thrilled , I could n't wait to get to do this review . Get one !
 Had various cheap spreaders before this one . Wider tires on this model make it easier to push through the thick St. Augustines grass here in central Tx . Sturdy build and large hopper plus the even spreading on this model make it a great buy . More expensive than Scott 's models sold in the big orange store but a much better product .
 Save yourself the frustration of buying a cheap -LSB- Scotts -RSB- spreader from one of the box stores and go right to the best . This model is sturdy , has a large capacity so you do n't have to reload every 2-minutes , pneumatic tires for a smoother more consistent ride and is compact enough that it will not take up all of the space in your garage or shed when not in use .
 I read all the reviews of the most popular drop spreaders . I did n't want to buy the cheap plastic numbers at places like Home Depot or at my local garden store . This Earthway had excellent ratings , mainly due to it 's large rubber tires and the ease of going around rough terrain . Well , I agree with all the positive comments , and I would definitely recommend this product . I was pleasantly surprised to find it completely assembled in the box -- all I had to do was raise the handle and tighten two wing nuts . The problem is that the openings in the bottom of the hopper that drop the material onto the spinning casting wheel are calibrated in a rather arbitrary way . They do not correspond , for example , to the settings found on bags of certain brands of fertilizer -LRB- Scotts , for one , though Scotts does make its own drop spreaders -RRB- . Although the instructions come with guidelines , I found that I really had to experiment a lot . I just reseeded today , for example . The instructions recommended that to reseed I should set the opening to 12 -LRB- to deliver 1.5-2 pounds per 1000 square feet -RRB- . I found that hardly any seeds were coming out , and I had to open it up to 16-18 to drop a visible amount of seeds . It does a great job in spreading a 5-6 foot wide swath of seeds or chemical , so it makes quick work of my 15000 square foot lawn . The linkage controlling the openings is adjustable , so maybe I just need to experiment a bit , but it 's not a `` set and forget '' kind of deal . I do n't have experience with other broadcast spreaders , so it 's possible that they are all like this . Anyway , construction is excellent and it will likely last for many years to come . Good luck !
 The pneumatic tires on this spreader make fertilizing my yard a breeze and the large hopper means I only have to fill it twice for an acre of property . It spreads very evenly and comes with a conversion chart to find the exact setting for any brand of fertilizer .
 Lightyears better than the Scotts `` Deluxe '' spreader I purchased at Lowes a couple of years ago . Spreading anything other than grass seed was a nightmare in the Scotts , and even grass seed took a long time . The opening was not large enough for lime , fertilizer , or similar materials to pass though the hopper . With the Earthway , I spread 10 40-pound bags of lime pellets in a few minutes . Easy to use and seems well-built and reasonably durable . Comes with a parts lists , so it appears repair parts are available should a component break . The 80-pound description is an overstatement . A single 40-pound bag of lime pretty much fills the hopper . Not a problem since I do n't want to wheel around more than 40 pounds at a time .
 I 've used this once since receiving it , on about an acre . My ground is bumpy and moderately sloped . I 'm happy with the ease at which I was able to push the spreader , given the pneumatic tires . With the hopper full of fertilizer , I did not feel it was unstable even when walking side-hill -LRB- across the slope rather than up-and-down -RRB- . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and was worried about the height of the push handle and it 's relative comfort . While it could be higher , I found it to be adequate and did not have trouble . It may be more difficult if using to spread heavier material than fertilizer , but I 'd probably just use smaller loads .
 I had a Scott 's broadcast spreader that would n't do the job . With the earthway , I was able to put more fertilizer in the basin which meant for less stops for re-fill . In addition , the larger tires made for pushing it around the yard a lot easier .
 This is a decent spreader for the price . If you are seeding a lawn it throws more seed out to the left of the unit . Not a real big problem you just need to make sure you overlap when applying seed .
 This Earthway spreader is really a step up from the Scotts brand spreaders that i have been using with the plastic wheels . I can push easily and quickly over bumpy terrains and not spill everything or get stuck . The speader also quickly and very nicely shoots out the seed or fertilizer and shoots it quite far too , , so save quite a lot of time . The spreader holds easily 25 lbs of fescue or rye seed and most of a 40 lb bag of fertilizer ... -LRB- Actually i think it will hold the entire bag of a 40 lb bag of fertilizer . . but would be a bit heavy -RRB- . I have no problems with the amount it holds . . as it is not a big deal to pour in the rest of a big 50 lb bag of seed and this makes a nice reminder to not put out too much at once . The control lever is what controls how much seed or fertilizer is going out . . and all you have to do to shut off the seed or fertilizer is pull it up . It works nicely.It is made of somewhat light plastic . . but seems to be a durable plastic and is sturdily constructed together.Only complaint i do have is that the handle needs to be a bit taller . I am 5 foot 10 inches . . and i thought it was a bit short . . even after adjusting it up to 2nd -LRB- highest -RRB- level . -LRB- so might really be a aggravation for someone who is over 6 foot .
 Well made , heavy duty spreader . It rolls easily , spreading the fertilizer 6 to 8 feet . Heavy plastic bin . Good buy at Amazon .
 Spreader appears to be well constructed and distributes the product -LRB- granular fertilizer & grass seed -RRB- well . It is lightweight and with the folding handle stores compactly . And the price was right .
 Received this speader and in 5 minutes it was ready to use . The only thing I had to do was unfold the handle and tighten two wingnuts . The speader works well , sturdy construction and well made . The spreader rolls easily because of the pneumatic tires even when fully loaded . The unit far excels the other brands . Highly reccomend this product .
 I received my earthway 2050p spreader quickly and packaged well.There was nothing to do before using.The spreader is easy to adjust and control.It rolls easily over rough and hilly terrain.I would definitely recommend this spreader to a friend and would recommend Amazon for the place to buy.They always have the best prices .
 It seems well built . The application rate matches the instruction book . Just do n't loose the instruction book ! This is definitely worth the money .
 Solid unit and a great value . Handle could be a little longer and I wish the feeder control was spring loaded so when your hand came off it stopped automatically . Overall you wo n't be disappointed .
 Well made piece of equipment which works really well , easy to clean and use and is great value for money
 The pneumatic tires make the difference . This spreader rolls easily and carries a 50 lb -LRB- 23 Kg -RRB- load with ease . I have a very steep yard and this unit is what I needed to do the job . Cheaper units have flimsy plastic wheels -LRB- my `` new '' Scotts spreader wheel broke on the first use -RRB- that make them more difficult to push . Also the plastic tub and gear encasement on this unit will minimize corrosion from chemicals . The handle is slightly shorter than other spreaders but it works well for me.Shipping was fast and the unit was fully assembled out of the box .
 This has got to be the very best walk behind spreader that I 've ever owned . The balloon tires on the spreader make using it so very easy . It is just a smooth working machine . No such thing as hanging up on rough terrain or stopping suddenly in thick grass . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a commercial-type spreader at residential prices . OUTSTANDING ... to say the least .
 I have a very rough yard with bumps , ruts and tree roots . My old speedygreen was just too hard to handle . Just got this fat tire spreader and it works so well that I can maneuver it with one hand . The design allows it to empty completely without having to shake it all around . NOTE
 I purchased this broadcast spreader to replace a drop spreader that was worn out . I am able to treat my lawn in 1/3 of the time it took with the old spreader . The tires had good traction on my lawn . The chemical spread evenly . I would definately recommend this spreader to other homeowners .
 The 2050P was a pleasant surprise . The unit comes fully assembled in a relatively small package . The only setup needed is to flip up the handle , tighten two wing nuts , and select the product flow rate.The unit is made of polymer with the exception of the frame and cable . Although made of polymer , the unit 's design and function are superb . Fertilizer went down even and fast . Spreader was able to cover a quarter acre lot in under five minutes .
 Like others before me who rated this product , I found this spreader to be a great value for the money . You wo n't find this good of a product at the `` box '' stores.Extremely easy set up . Take the advice of other reviewers and cut out the chart on the box and post it in your shed or garage.Most of the products I have put down with this spreader did not include spreader settings , however with the chart you can figure this out .
 This is an excellent product and I would recommend it to anyone in the market for this type spreader . I am very pleased with the way it handles and the settings are right on target . I think the big wheels make a big difference .
 Like a lot of people I 've been using scott spreaders for years , but they left a lot to be desired in a spreader . This new earthway spreader is everything I 've ever wanted and more . You ca n't get a professional type of spreader at the home garden centers , and some of the other professional grade spreaders are just too high priced to be feasible for home use . I 'm very well satisfied with the quality and price of the Earthway spreader .
 It works great . The wheels are amazing and overall very very happy with the product
 I wanted a better product than what I was finding at Lowe 's and Home Depot but I did not want to pay the hefty price for a commercial spreader . I searched Amazon and found the product I needed . After receiving the spreader , it was exactly what I was looking for . If the manufacture was to ask me how to improve it I would tell him to install a deflector sheild that could be changed from one side to the other at a reasonable price . I have not tried it but Scott 's spreader has one and it looks like it does what it is suppose to do .
 I was really pushing the limits of my mid-range Monster surge protector with 2 TVs , a 2.4 Gig P4 with desktop TV , DSL , two printers , and ... drumroll please ... a fridge all crammmed into a corner office setup about 7 ' wide . The Belkin Gold unit with RF/EMI suppression up to 75db cured all the rattle and hum problems with speakers , satellite signal , the `` dirty '' line into my modem , and a week later I have n't had to reboot my system once . Amazing!I had already had a great experience with a Belkin SurgeMaster on my Home Theater setup , so I went one level up with this `` Gold '' unit . One of the better investments I 've made lately . I paid $ 60 at the local Office Depot , the price Amazon is advertising is ridiculously low at $ 35 . Belkin.com 's price is about $ 70 so my advice is to buy this unit now before somebody at Amazon wakes up and jacks the price .
 I was pricing surge protectors for my home theatre setup , when I saw this one on Amazon.com . Initially , I thought it would not be as good as some of its competitors , namely Monster equipment , but after researching it , I discovered it is just as good , if not better , and a LOT cheaper to purchase . The product comes with an unlimited guarantee for your electronic equipment if it is ever damaged because of a surge . That is impressive . Do n't be fooled by the price , compare the specifications before you buy . One other feature I really like is that it has four coaxial connections -LRB- 2 input and 2 output -RRB- so you can feed the UHF/VHF TV signal and the cable/satellite signal as well .
 About a week after I installed the SurgeMaster storms were forecast and I unplugged the electronics but forgot to umplug the phone lines . We had a nearby lightning strike which fried my cordless phone and blasted apart a DSL phone filter but my DSL modem , which was protected by the SurgeMaster , was OK .
 excellent product . the actual outlets have a safety feature , sliding up closing outlets you are n't using . my only complaint is it also has the capability for being hung on the wall - it has holes in the back , but it did n't come with any appropriate sized screws .
 These clips are of a good quality and the size range in the kit is very good.Unless I have some extremes in size needs , I 'm not worried that I wo n't have the right size for my need .
 good assortment for the money will do the job I have only used a few of these rings but so far so good .
 I needed assorted SAE snap-rings for my machine shop and these were the right price so I ordered them on a thursday night and recieved them the following monday morning . They arrived just as the seller had described them , well packaged and delivered promptly . I am very happy with this purchase and would do business with Neiko Tools again in the future with no reservation .
 The item is as described . The snap rings appear to be of good quality . They are not brittle and the one I used is hold up fine .
 These were great replacements for an old machine I was repairing . Its was probably cheaper to get the assortment at Amazon than to go to the local hardware store to get a few of the exact ones I needed , which were all in the kit anyway . Now I am covered for next time too . Cant go wrong with this set .
 Exactly as advertised . Great assortment and a must a in your workshop . i do small repairs and it seems that the snap ring needs to be replaced
 Ca n't go wrong with this one . The headaches of finding one of these things can be a problem at times . Use just a couple of this set and it has more than paid for itself in headaches !
 We are always needing this out in the shop at one time or another . Now we have an assortment when we need them . It is a nice assortment . thanks .
 These are quality rings . Great for the handyman and the shade tree mechanic . It will save those unneeded trips to the hardware store to buy one or two at a time .
 I took a deep breath and forked over the money for this sander on the strength of the reviews here and in some woodworking magazines . I 've been a woodworker for 50 years and have had many random-orbits , belt sanders , profile sanders , etc. , but this baby actually lives up to the hype . I just finished a kitchen remodel where I built about a dozen drawer boxes as well as face frames & cabinet doors . This sander cut my sanding time literally in half . It 's a bit more work to handle -LRB- compared to a `` palm '' sander -RRB- , takes two hands to operate it . `` Turbo '' mode is a real handful , so be sure to have your work clamped down securely . After using this tool , my other sanders are more like toys .
 Having 2 modes on this sander is quite useful . The `` aggressive mode '' is great for removing bulk material . Basically it behaves like a grinder . The `` finish '' mode also works great in smoothing out the surface without leaving swirl marks . Another thoughtful design is in the ergonomics of the extra handle . Depending on whether the user is left-handed or right-handed , the support handle can be installed in the 2 o'clock or 10 o'clock position . I find that this makes it easier to hold for prolonged periods .
 i 've used the bosch and love it . this sander is a right-angle sander . this means the gearing is off-set from the sanding pad , providing considerably more torque , thus providing faster stock removal . it delivers similar stock removal to a light-weight belt sander . maybe `` jonman '' should use a light-weight belt sander , bosch mini belt sander -LRB- for inside curves -RRB- , or makita 's band file -LRB- also , for inside curves -RRB- . metabo , festool and now the rigid clone of the metabo all offer dual-orbit settings . one for agressive stock removal , one for fine finishing . these are mid-weight random orbit sanders and are lighter duty than the right-angle sanders . i think `` jonman '' would be much happier with one of these . even lighter duty , are the 5 '' palm random orbit sanders , porter-cable makes a sweet one , the 333vs . to flatten the surface , after the random orbit leaves the slight divets it does , i use the bosch 1293d 1/2 sheet finishing sander . it 's large enough to flatten the surface , unlike a palm sander . it also gets into corners . if you must own a palm sander , get the porter-cable 0330 random-orbit 1/4 '' sheet sander -LRB- most palm sanders are not random orbit -RRB- . i use the dewalt 443 6 '' random orbit , as it was the best at the time , 8 years ago , as well as the bosch 1/2 sheet finishing sander . i own a belt sander , but do n't usally use it for furniture because my 6 '' random orbit works so well . i use the bosch mini belt sander mostly for trim and scribes and inside curves . i also use the porter-cable detail sander , but it 's not that powerful . maybe i 'll buy the bosch detail sander one day .
 I purchased this sander through Amazon one year ago for a job where I could not utilize my air powered DA , belt sander , or a floor sander . I tried the Dewalt , Porter-Cable , Craftsman , Black and Decker , all good sanders , and looked at the Fein random orbit electric sander but lost interest in the Fein at $ 500 + dollars . For a recent renovation , and using Norton 3X Hook and Sand , 60 grit , 6 '' discs , with the vacuum holes , I needed to rough sand 30 , overhead , 4 '' x 8 '' x 14 ' long , dry , White Oak beams to eliminate saw marks , dirt and general oxidation , etc. . I also needed to clean up , and remove high spots , from 200 sq. ft. of 30 year old plywood subflooring before installing new solid wood flooring . Ergonomics on the Bosch are excellent and the sander was easy to maneuver but it has so much torque you definitely need to exercise care in it 's operation . There is no stopping this sander . Lean on it all you want . It will not stall , although that makes the sand paper wear out too fast . You do not day dream while using this sander . It was designed to get the job done , and it does . In random orbit mode this Bosch sander outperformed every other electric random orbit sander I have ever used . In fine finishing mode it was as good as the others . The only sander that outperformed this Bosch was my air powered DA running at three + times the RPM but , like this job , there are some where you simply can not use the airpowered DA . I connected the Bosch 1250 DVS to a Fein vacuum and the vacuum effect , on the flooring , was so effective there was virtually zero dust and I had no need to wear a dust mask . On the overhead beams it was adequate and significantly reduced dust accumulation but I definitely needed a mask for overhead sanding . This is a powerful , very well made sander that will provide many years of heavy duty use . I am very pleased with it 's performance and would buy another one if I needed a second unit .
 I have used many tools in my 30 years of carpentry and the Bosch 1250 sander is one of the best hand tools I have ever used . Great ergonomics , low vibration , super non orbit mode , etc. etc. . If your in the market for a dustless random orbit sander , I would highly recommend this one . I also have a Fein 8 inch Random Orbit sander and the Bosch is a much more comfortable tool to use . I use the Bosch over the Fein 9 times out of ten .
 I have a one man cabinet shop and should have invested in a 6 '' sander long ago . After my 5 '' Bosch died after 8-10 years of faithful service , I bought a 2 amp Makita thinking that it would be equivelant . WRONG ! I did not have time to wait for it to do the job , not enough power or random action . The Bosch 6 '' is a very aggressive tool that will save me many hours . I have a double drum sander that leaves fine sanding marks . The 6 '' Bosch quickly smoothes the surface so I can finish up with the 5 '' lower amp sander .
 I 've used the Porter Cable version of this tool for years . After reading reviews of the Bosch , I decided to buy it even though I already had one . I am so glad that I did . The velcro pad is so much better than the PC 's PSA . The real bargain is in the time savings I have realized . Sanding in my cabinet shop takes up a lot of time . Using the aggressive mode of this tool saves an immense amount of time . Great job .
 What a great sander ! This is my first experience with a 6 '' right-angle sander and after many years with good quality 5 '' machines , what a revelation . There is torque and power to spare . Hooked to a powerful shop vac , the dust collection is good , especially with the courser grits . My concern with health hazards from very fine dust still cause me to wear a mask or sand outside but it still is nice to sand without getting covered with dust . I did have problems with the 2.25 '' shop vac hose pulling the adapter off the sander but a little super glue gave an easy fix for the problem . The sander is pricey but in my view worth every dollar .
 I am a woodworking pro with over 40 years in the trades . recently purchased and used the Bosch 1250evs for sanding a 100 year old craftsman in the Silverlake district of Los Angeles . Had an ocean of century old Douglas Fir for that had been stained and painted countless times.After stripping and peeling to reach bare wood we used the Bosch in a series of grits from 80 to 240 in prepping for stain . The sander performed flawlessly in both regular and turbo modes under constant use for ten straight days , 8-12 hours a day.The turbo mode is a handful ... and my arms are still sore especially from two days of sanding box beams . It will take some getting used to , plenty of torque . . . at one time or another I have used them all Fein , Festool , Porter Cable , Makita , Dewalt , Metabo etc and this is easily one of the best for heavy duty jobs.Although we did n't go below 80 grit this time I have some exterior beams to refinish soon and i am sure a lower grit paper on this sander will preform as well as a belt sander and be easier to handle.The Bosch is a serious pro workhorse and will handle just about any heavy job you will encounter.Well made and well thought out . Be sure and hook it up to a vac .
 This is the only one of these sanders I have ever had , so I really can compare to other brands . For me price was not even close to the top of my requirements for this sander . I wanted a quality tool that would do the job . I have never been disappointed with Bosch 's products and this one is no exception . I got this sander to sand down a 35 ' boat that had over 40 years of paint buildup . This sander is great and really removes the material . The only problem is 40 grit discs -LRB- paint removal -RRB- seam to be hard to find in good quality . I would like to find some Silicone Carbide discs for it , for a really sharp cutting edge to power through hard paint , but ca n't find any .
 I needed a sander for resurfacing my deck and while a belt sander would have been ideal it was not a tool that would get much use outside of that task . This sander worked so well that I do not feel I `` sacrificed '' anything . The `` Turbo '' mode removed material so fast it was amazing . no vibration what so ever . Once I was done with that job I wanted to test it on so furniture and it worked perfect . my 5 '' RAS will now sit on the shelf . You can not go worng with this sander for any and all your sanding needs .
 Having read several reviews that rave about this great sander it seems the only problem was getting a vacuum hose to connect to the Bosch oddball size intake port under the handle . There is a VAC002 airsweep vacuum hose adapter for sale by Amazon which works just fine with this sander.The smaller end goes over the Bosch port and my Porter Cable vacuum hose screws inside of the larger end of the adapter . I have read a number of people saying that the adapter does n't work . Not so , works just fine to correct Bosch 's stupid oddball size vacuum exaust port . If they would make it fit the standard vacuum hose I 'm sure everyone would appreciate it . The sander is awesome . I replaced my Porter Cable 6 inch 8 hole sander which started smoking on me . Only lasted about 30 years . Do n't make em ' like they used to . The Bosch is a little heavier but as always one magnificent tool . It has a beefier setting for hogging and the regular setting for normal sanding . It 's a great tool . I 'm pleased with it , you will be too . Ergonomically Bosch has always designed great tools . This sander is another fine addition to any shop.We 've had this sander for 6 months now and are updating the initial review . Had to say how pleased we are with it 's performance and ergonomic design , especially when you 're working up on ladders on house trim . The aggressive sanding feature is truly unbelievable . When removing paint and you seem to be down as far as you can get , turn the switch to the hogging position and the rest comes off lickety split . This is where that little extra weight comes in handy . Best investment we ever made . MAKES BOTH OF MY OLD PORTER CABLE SANDERS , 6 '' and 5 '' pale in comparison.I updated this review as we put the sander through a number of significant performance tests since having initally purchased it back in July 2011 . Revisited 12-15-12Well the Bosch has become old faithful . Performs each and everytime when you need her . This is one beautiful machine .
 Love the sander . Very controllable , works fast , not too noisy.For the life of me , I can not figure why you bother with a dust port and no way to hook it to a vacuum or dust collection system . I did find a solution that works for me . Now , the dust collection is Festool-like . The Fein 921072K13 Step Adaptor here at Amazon is about 6 bucks . It is soft rubber . If you cut off the top two steps , the 1250DEVS dust port will fit inside the Fiein adapter -LRB- nice and tight -RRB- . The large end of the Fein adapter fits very tightly inside the end of my Mr Nozzle hose -LRB- requires a little effort , but a tight fit is worth it . -RRB- Mr Nozzle is a great hose.The sander would be 5-star except for the required work-around . Bosch should just include an adapter to 1-1/4 or 1-1/2 in the package .
 I am very happy with this sander . I have already used it on two jobs and it delivers in every category . The aggressive mode is quite aggressive -LRB- so hang on -RRB- but I need that in some cases . Also as an orbital it is wonderful . Low noise , low vibration and great dust collection . For a guy who has tried Festool , Dewalt and Porter Cable this sander , so far out shines them all . Actually I rate it equivalent to Festool at half the price . I am still getting used to it and time will tell . I owned my 6 '' Porter Cable for almost 7 years and it still works but not well . It also is not nearly as dust efficient . I am also very happy with the whole buying experience . As a skeptic for purchasing online I went out of my comfort zone and must say I am very satisfied . Thank you Bosch for making quality tools and thank you Amazon for making them affordable and delivering on time , as promised .
 This sander is awesome , Smooth , quiet , powerful , no swirl marks , really a great tool .
 We were turned onto a `` multi-purpose '' sander -LRB- Festool RO 150 FEQ Dual-Mode 6 inch Rotex Sander -RRB- at a local wood working shop -- it had a few things that were annoying , thus we tried the Bosch.After using them side by side I have to say the Bosch bested the Festool in every way , and for half the price.The only negatives the Bosch has against the Festool are :1 . Festool has a larger variety of sandpaper grits ,2 . Festool has a couple nice attachments -- a wall guard and a front handle , and3 . Tooless pad removal.However , the Bosch was better in every way functionally .1 . Sandpaper vacuum holes did n't get clogged like the Festool when working on plywood -- the small holes on the Festool would pick up splinters wider than the smaller holes when working with heavy grit paper and eventually get clogged .2 . Changing from RO to O is much much easier on the Bosch -- the Festool was very odd this way .3 . The Bosch was noticeably more aggressive in the aggressive mode -- it would tear through material a lot faster . That was without a doubt the biggest surprise ! 4 . The random orbital mode seemed to also work better on the Bosch .5 . The Bosch worked flawlessly with our current Ridgid shop vacuum . I ca n't say that the Festool had any better dust collection ; however , I was told that it WOULD be better IF we also purchased the Festool vacuum . So , go all Festool or do n't go at all ! This was a major negative against the Festool in our opinions , especially when considering the Bosch has excellent dust collection with our current vac!All in all after having the both side by side for a day , I no longer even wanted to touch the Festool -- that 's the sign that you really enjoy one tool over another . And for half the price I could n't see why we should stay with the Festool as they really do require that you go all Festool or none at all . Not to mention some of the major annoyances I had with the rather expensive Festool -- at that price , the tool really should function perfectly and I should n't have to fight with it to change modes!If you are looking for a multipurpose heavy duty sander ... do n't overlook this Bosch !
 I use this sander primarily for flattening/finishing table-tops and other large panels . When flattening , even with hardwoods you have to be careful not to remove too much to quick , and with finishing , once you get to the really fine sandpaper the swirls are almost unnoticeable.The only materials i use are black walnut , ash , cherry and hickory ; with any of those materials , it maintains a very consistent orbit.It is a pleasure to use , but it would have been nice if it had it 's own case , like most of the other Bosch tools.Made in Germany.If you ca n't find what you want in the Bosch tool lineup , take a look at Festool . They also make high quality tools .
 This sander is great . I replaced an old dewalt that was worn out , and the bosch is far better . With the shop vac hooked up it produces hardly any dust . The aggressive switch is fantastic when you need to take off a lot of stock . I did have to look hard for an adapter for the shop vac hose .
 yes this sander is great , it has two setting one for fast removal one for fine finishing which work great . The motor seems super strong and I have got caught offguard occasionaly when the sander bites in and violently swings you around . The sander also has a very long lead which is great . My criticisms of this sander are ; at $ 240 I think it should come in a plastic carry box , alot of bosch ' cheaper tools like planners and drills come in carry cases and I think this sander should have one two . My second observation is that it comes with only one sanding disc again for the price I think it should have a minimum of five .
 This sander cuts like a chainsaw ! So far It 's every bit as good as the festool sander . Both the Bosch and Festool sanders are great , but this cost a lot less . I 'm very happy with this purchase and ca n't see anything wrong with the sander . It cuts fast and the vibration is very low . Time will tell how well it holds up .
 This sander , with its coarse and fine removal settings . is the most effective orbital i have ever used . Does the job without gouging . You might want to hang on when using the coarse setting . The only criticism i would put forward , is that i had to cob together a fitting in order to attach a vaccumm . I would think Bosch could provide something that would allow it to connect to a shop vac
 It quiet , It 's powerful , It 's ergonomics are greatIt 's vacuum assist is excellent , It 's switch to disc-sander and oscillator is fabulous.It 's simply one of the best sanders available for the money ... thanks BOSCH
 If you USE your tools you will love it . It gets hot after 10 minutes of heavy use on hardwood flooring but runs for hours this way with no issues .
 i have two other brands , their is no comparison ...
 We purchased this sander for finishing timbers . We build timber frame homes and need a heavy duty sander . There are a couple reviews of the sander referring to `` plastic '' I am not sure what the perception of materials are for the reviewers saying this , but there is no way you have an all metal sander , and if you did it would weigh a ton and fatigue you very quickly.back to the point , we have run this sander with 200lb guys leaning on it with most of their weight for hours . It gets hot , but has never had a problem . When you have a few thousand square feet of weathered timber to clean up this thing is awesome . It works better than a belt sander for our purposes and when you need it to hog off material you flip the red lever and it becomes a super powered beast.Bottom line , we use this sander professionally and do n't take it easy on it . If your looking for a very well built sander that is heavy duty this is the one for you.it is a little expensive , but we have never found a better sander . We have the festool one as well and it does n't seem to have any advantage , other than the cool bright green color to let everyone know you spent a lot of money on your tool.our only regret is that we did n't buy one sooner .
 Great Product!I do n't know what product `` Jonman x484 '' is talking about , but it ca n't be the Orbit Sander . I have been involved in woodworking for over 20 years and own a variety of Bosch tools . My latest purchase was the Orbit Sander to cut down on `` sanding '' time , and the product lives up to expectations . The two speeds allows you to `` rough '' sand and `` finish '' sand without changing tools . It is also very comfortable to use , almost like it was made for my hands . Also , once again , Bosch included a place for the wrench in the design of this tool . I love that feature ! No more looking around for the right wrench to change out pads . The only negative is I feel that they should include a vacuum attachment as a bonus .
 My title is somewhat in jest being that I own and have used many Festool products and they are great , but it seems to me that they have always been somewhat over priced and seem to be made out of more and more plastic every year . For months now , I have been contemplating buying a drum sander to help speed up production as well as tighten up quality in the shop . I have watched hours of video and have read hundreds of reviews on numerous products before coming to the conclusion that for the money and the fact that you still need to run a sander like this over your product after the drum sander I was better off saving my money for a larger wide belt sander when the time is right . I looked at of course the Festool first but was having a hard time justifying the $ 495.00 that every dealer wanted , -LRB- Festool requires their products to be sold at retail or else . -RRB- I also looked into the Makita but it seemed to have so-so reviews and no dust collection . After all of this research I opted for the Bosch . Well let me just say that after finishing my first set of cabinets with it , What a Machine ! Tons of power -LRB- seriously , it takes a little getting used to in TURBO mode -RRB- . It 's smooth and has great dust collection when hooked up to my shop-vac . It is as aggressive as a belt sander but without the risk of gouging your work piece . And being able to flip the switch and go right into orbital sanding with the same grit cuts down tremendously on sanding time . I sanded 35 white oak doors and drawer fronts in about 2.5 hours and they looked awesome , normally I would have been there all day . And funny enough , I still used my Festool ETS 150 3 to finish sand everything -LRB- it 's a pretty sweet machine -RRB- . Sorry for the long winded review but I feel it is important to give an honest review along with some of my reasoning so that those of you considering making this purchase can make an informed decision . I would buy it again !!
 I was looking for a 6 '' random orbit sander that could be used with a shop vac for dust free sanding . When you get right down to it , there are not that many choices . The Metabo SXE450 and its discountinued Rigid clone the 2610 , the Festool RO150 and the smaller ETS 150 series are its closest competitors . The Fein MSF636-1 is way overpriced and the Makita BO6040 had middling reviews and no dust collection . I bought the Bosch sight unseen and have been very well pleased with the results.This sander is no lightweight . Using 80 grit sandpaper on the agressive setting at full speed and it will walk you around if you dont have a good grip on it . But that is the same as the much more expensive Festool RO150 and that sander costs about double the Bosch . On the less aggressive setting or with the speed lowered down a bit it is easier to handle but does not remove as much material . Using a medium grit sandpaper on the smaller orbit , it is very smooth and makes quick work of sanding chores . Dust collection using my Fein vac is excellent , I can find no dust on the work when hooked up . Dust collection is integral to the tool , it 's not an afterthought and it shows in how well it works . In Summary : Pros
 I think this is the first or second reveiw I 've ever taken the time out to write , but Bosch deserves a heart-felt pat on the back for doing such a great job building and designing this unit , so here goes.I have 3 porter cable 5 '' random orbits , 2 dewalt 5 '' and a 6 '' dewalt r/o . This has rendered them obsolete in my collection of favorite sanders . It does have great power , but that 's not the bosch 's best attribute . It is by far the most easily controlled , well balanced random orbit I have ever tried . Including the festool 6 '' and the porter cable 6 '' . It 's built very well , and feels solid , but not heavy or bulky . In the `` turbo mode '' it vibrates slightly , but does n't make your hands numb in 20 minutes like a few of my other r/o 's . The turbo mode leaves a few swirls when using low grit , course paper . But that should be expected when removing as much material as this thing does . It truly removes as much material as a few of my smaller belt sanders , but flattens roughly planed stock even better . This is the most expensive random orbit sander I have purchased , but I swear I could replace probably 4 of my other sanders with this unit , so it is indeed a stellar value.It will take off massive amounts of stock , or finish as smoothly as anything I 've ever tried . It works quickly and comfortably , with flawless results , even in softwoods like white pine . The speed control holds the rpm 's very close evevn under heavy pressure . Dust control is very good if you have the proper adaptors for your dust collector . YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPPOINTED WITH THIS SANDER !!! Anyone who says otherwise is either not a pro , has never tried many other quality sanders , or is simply not an objective reveiwer . Bosch really hit a home run here.This is by far my favorite sander to date .
 I bought this sander to fill the gap between the belt sander and the block sander . Good choice ; the locked in aggressive mode really takes off material . I really like the random orbit mode ; I can hold it flat on the work with one hand and it does n't want to jump around . Nice . One has to wonder if the unhappy reviewer got a knock-off Bosch and not the real thing . This is a useful tool
 Having read an assortment of reviews about an assortment of DA sanders , I went with the Bosch 120DEVS . The project is sanding the hull of an 80 ' steel sailboat . This machine is unbelievable - it allows me to remove 2 thick layers of badly orange peeled paint with speed and precision on the stock removal setting . It is at least 1/3 faster than the 6 '' Rigid and Porter Cable machines that I was using . Until you get the hang of where to lean on it to `` steer '' , it can be a handful . Fortunately , it has a very predictable motion and you can lean a little bit at different points as you sand to steer . You can also slow the motor down if it 's to aggressive.It is just about completely dustless on flat surfaces with the vacuum connected . Noting comments that the vacuum attachment does n't fit -LRB- very unBosch ! -RRB- I opted to use hose gotten at the hardware store . The motor is very smooth and reasonably quiet , you can lean into it without bogging the motor down . I have not used the fine setting extensively yet , but some test pieces lead me to believe that it will do fine work as well as it removes stock . The stock pad is very high quality and the motor is sealed from dust . I expect to get many years of sanding from this machine . It almost makes sanding fun .
 Just a quick note , this sander is the best . Maybe ` jonman ' got a sander that was made on friday afternoon by an employee who was going on vacation ... I have used quite a few other sanders , and there is no comparison . Not only would I recommend this sander , but I would try to talk somebody out of any other sander .
 I make solid surface counter tops . I have used the fein and the festool sander . The festool sander has become a cheap plastic piece of junk . I am sure some of my friends that have spent twice as much will argue with my statement , but , just drop your festool plastic toy on the ground and tell me how happy you are with your purchase lately . I have two Bosch 1250DEVS sanders and plan on buying a third . I have no complaints about this tool and when I did have a minor issue the Bosch representative on the phone solved my problem . I am a happy customer .
 This sander is a great addition to my work shop . The turbo mode really takes off the material with the coarser grits and the fine finish mode leaves a good finish with minimal swirl marks . The vibration is pretty minimal and comparable to my older porter-cable models . I wish it was easier to find the vacuum adaptor or hose that would fit the unit .
 Hooked to a Fein vac , this is hard to beat for the price . It is aggressive and leaves NO swirls in the RO setting and really chews through globs of dried epoxy w / 60 grit disk on it , in the grinding setting . The dust extraction with the Fein vac is amazing too . Lots of power and runs cool for hours at a time .
 I 've been doing this for 25 years and I 've had almost as many sanders . This is a sander for the pro and it 's a sander that will respond to the pro . Make sure your sandpaper is `` right '' for the job , e.g. , oxide , gold , wet . Jonman - you seriously need to talk to someone ... Will
 I have almost never been un happy with a Bosch tool , and this is no exception . I thought that it would be off balance by looking at it but when used in the orbital mode , it is beautifully balanced and can be operated with one hand quite nicely . I have never had a sander with the grind feature and I am thrilled with it . You had better hang on with 2 hands though , when using it . It is nice and quiet , plenty of power . I have large hands , and it fits me well , I am not sure that it would be comfortable for small hands . I can not understand why we need to have slow start motors on an orbital sander ? Like have seat heaters in your car in Texas .
 this tool really works like it should , you know you bought a tool that was not made to be a facsimile of the real thing
 Similar to other reviewers I have enjoyed the power of the aggressive mode . It is a two hand tool in aggressive mode though . In `` normal '' I thought it was still powerful , with less vibration than the Ridgid 6 inch ROS , and capable of one hand guiding .
 What a joy it is to purchase a tool that way exceeds your expectations . I bought mine used -LRB- like new -RRB- ; which i would choose again . The packaging was no different then what one of those goons at Lowes does when he tosses it onto a rack -LRB- ! -RRB- This tool truly performs ... I ended up sanding everything within arms reach in 10 minutes ... even if it did n't need it , who cares , this thing rocks . Then I put it in berserker mode ! Haaaa ! Oh and it barely makes a peep . That right there is this gentle giant 's deal sealer ... Yes ... it is worth the $ . Sometimes forking over a bit more rewards u with more work done and less `` know it all griping '' . Just buy the damn thing ! Stop reading silly reviews like I do and go for it.Jon
 I purchased this product to replace an earlier model that has been discontinued . We use these in production , probably on the average of 15 to 20 hours per week , so we need a durable machine to handle the work load . This is it . The unit is a little heavy so you do n't need to apply pressure when operating it . Great for large flat surfaces
 One word `` amazing '' ! This sander is worth every penny . Im a ful time contractor and this sander far out performs any other sander I have used .
 I have finally found my Survival Knife . I have purchased several other `` quality '' knives whose features have in one way or another not been satisfactory . The Gerber is great . Size , weight , and construction are perfect for me . Excellent sheath design that allows for quick one-hand deployment . -LRB- does n't have to be snapped in . -RRB- I like it enough that I have bought the black one and green one as well !
 I am not sure what to do with the safety tool , maybe give it to a fireman or EMT that could use it . I was pleasantly surprised with the sheath . There are an amazing number of carry options and I love the built in sharpener idea . That being said , I removed the scabbard from the webbing and attached only that to my pack straps . I was pleased to have that option as well . I bought another one for my nephew to take hunting as I was so impressed with the quality for the price . I also liked the shorter blade length .
 Overall this knife is a great outdoor and survival knife . The materials seem to be fine and the design is truly functional . Definitely a great knife to own for backpacking , hunting , or survival situations .
 A good quality tactical knife and sheath . Excellent blade steel that is sharp and retains an edge . The sheath is durable and well made with multiple means of attachment . Would recommend it .
 Probably the most durable knife I 've ever owned . Has a great feel to it . It is part of my SAR pack , so I have n't really gotten to use it hard yet but I have no reason to believe it wo n't hold up as advertised .
 I use these to move boat lifts so they are exposed to grime and moisture EVERY USE and not treated with much care . I dry them out before storage and lube the mechanism with WD40 every 3rd or 4th use . They work great and hold up well to our abuse !
 I have been very satisfied with this tie down . It is built very well and easy to operate . The webbing seems to be of high quality and lives up to its 10,000 LB rating . You might see similar model for less money , but be advised there are many cheap imports that will not work as well or as long as these . The only other thing to be aware of with this model is the strap is extremely long . You really do n't need a strap this long unless you have an extremely tall load .
 Great product , excellent price ! Tested towing a 6 ton truck as well ! Heavy duty for sure ! Recommended for all tie downs work
 I got this on sale it looks really heavy duty i do n't know if I would try to pull 10,000 lbs with it but it does the job of strapping just about anything down witch is what I wanted it for anyway . Over all a good buy .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Works just fine for cutting/stripping ethernet . Only go around once .
 I love these lights and use them outside in my parking light . They are a `` fun '' style and produce enough light . Too bad , they will be discontinued .
 Just an FYI to anyone looking to buy a 357 , they are no longer polished , and there is now a rivet attaching the two sides instead of a flat internal rivet . They still feel sturdy , but the tool does n't `` look '' as nice as it used to . Looks pretty cheap now . Only one side of the tool is sharpened , the sharpened edge presses against a very slight flat surface on the opposite jaw .
 I constantly have this tool in my belt.The Nipper is great for cutting or pulling stubborn nails or staples in tight places . It is also a decent cable cutter.Cutting small pieces of unhardened metal is also easy with this plier . Fnally-it works great to cut off that jagged fingernail edge so you can comfortably continue working until lunch
 i use this mainly to pull finish nails out of trim when doing remodeling jobs . best quality hand tools out there . made in usa !!!! handles do n't bend under pressure . clamping edge stays sharp enough to cut virtually forever . actually made out of steel . did i mention made in usa . i had to replace a pair that a customer took , would n't give 'em back . thier pricey , but worth it . they do n't break on you .
 This is one US tool that has the same quality as it did decades ago . I used it to cut off dozens of protruding roofing nail ends -LRB- from a treehouse roof -RRB- and it cut as well with the last as it did for the first .
 I really like this drill . Granted , I am not a home-improvement pro , and therefore , my review is not as in-depth as others , but this is a very powerful cordless drill , and one can see the quality and craftsmanship that went into it .
 It 's the end of 2012 and still going ! I dropped many times , got wet , snow , dirt , still going . Only charger did not lasted that outside use , so i had to get new one after 2 years . I guess this drill is build to last !
 Great laundry sink for our garage . Includes OK faucet and easy install . Sink shape should have included better drain angle toward rear to allow for faster drainage , but install with shims under front legs to compensate .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Perfect fit . Works great . Must have started my lawn mower over 100 times as I continued working on it after this part was installed . Still no problem .
 This is not an OEM part , but it certainly worked . How good ? Ca n't tell ... I have only started it about ten times . The ordering and delivery were a top rated experience . The quality is yet to be determined . Since I typically start my garden tractor only once or twice per week and it is 14 yrs old , this should last the balance of its life .
 The starter did what it was supposed to do . There was no installation problem and no issues associated with the product . I 'm fully satisfied .
 This starter motor -LRB- new -RRB- turns over and starts my 1987 16 hp Roper lawn tractor better now than since the first day I bought this tractor in 1998 .
 This tool case has just about everything , toolwise , you could use . Great !! Light weight and easy to use . Love it . .
 I bought this drill at Lowes with a pricematch to Amazon.com 's price because I could n't wait to receive it through mail . I bought a 5 pack set of the Bosch blue granite drill bits to go along with it . I used the drill to drill a 6 '' diameter circle of holes through brick and mortar so I could chisel out a hole in my wall to run a kitchen vent . The drill went through like a knife through butter . I had such a hard time trying to get this job done with a regular Craftman C3 cordless drill with cheap masonry bits . This drill seemed to drill about as well as my friends Hilti which I used on my house before.Pros - Good performance for the price . Comes with a box to keep the tool and masonry bits . The drill is good looking unlike some of those ugly looking Hitachi tools.Cons - Does not have the quick release chuck that my friend 's Hilti has . You have to use a key to open and close the chuck on this drill . Not a big deal for me because I do not regularly use this tool but if I was doing this regularly I would have bought a drill which has `` click '' chuck which does not need a key .
 I am really pleased with this product . One of the first holes I drilled in concrete was drilled too deep as it went so fast ! The depth guide vibrated out so I tossed it . The side handle may be useful when drilling a lot of holes at one time but for me I do not bother . The chuck key is huge . It is great to be able to actually wrap your hand around the key . The hammer drill comes with a nice case which has a place for a lot of drill bits .
 Found Amazon . com to have best price on the internet , Drill came double boxed on date stated when ordered . Will use Amazon . again .
 I 've found this tool to be a dependable workhorse in the class of work it was designed for . I 've used it on jobs that involved hundreds of concrete drill holes , typically 1/4 '' . I 've had it in use for 90 days and it 's a keeper.I bought it because Bosch makes excellent rotary and demo hammers . It 's the only Bosch tool I own . My equipment includes Milwaukee , Dewalt , Makita , etc. 12/29/07 My experience with the 1199 continues to be 100 % positive . We put this type of tool to heavy duty use , drilling concrete and block . The tool sometimes undergoes multiple hours of run time in a single day . The 8.5 amp motor stays cool under work load and has never exhibited any indication of significant strain . Letting the tool do the work is critical.Sizing the tool to the job and using it correctly are essential when working in a business environment . My reason for selecting this hammer drill was the power weight balance . It 's a two hand drill that comes in at 6 lbs . and offers high and low torque capability . Any frequent work above '' in concrete essentially requires a rotary hammer which is typically a heavier tool.Previous reviews noted issues with `` wobbling '' chuck -LRB- s -RRB- and electrical failures . Electrical problems typically become evident quickly and I 'm confident Bosch 's unconditional warranty holds merit . The chuck issue can quickly be addressed as the drill comes out of the box , brand new . If it runs true with a bit attached at max speed , no load , then the chuck is fine . The hammer action of this drill is serious business and should not be construed as a chuck fault.I 'm not particularly brand loyal across the board . I believe most contractor grade tool manufacturers have particular products that prove themselves superior on the job . I 've since added another Bosch tool to my equipment , based primarily on it 's reputation and my experience with this tool .
 I bought this upgrade after I burned my Ryobi up . The job that killed the Ryobi consisted of twelve 9/16 '' holes into 1/2 '' thick steel and twelve 1/2 '' holes into concrete at a depth of 2 3/4 '' , however , I was seeing blue sparks even before this job . After very slow progress on the first 9 steel holes and first two concrete holes the Ryobi quit . It had had seen some medium and light duty before that . It really struggled cutting through ceiling and floor joists with self propelled auger bits.I brought in the Bosch to finish the job and it was strong and smooth . What a time saver too ! It was surprisingly powerful on the high speed setting . It cut the steel and concrete both like butter one either the high speed or high torque settings . I took it around back after the job and tried some self propelled auger bits that the Ryobi had struggled with . The Bosch chomped right through the 3 + inches width of a pressure treated 2X4 without a problem on both high and low speed settings with 1 '' and 3/4 '' auger bits . There is no wobble in the chuck . It 's a fine machine and it compares well to Milwaukees I have used in the past . It has also seen the worst I can give it.Some finer details about the drill : - It will take some getting used to pulling the key from the detachable holder and putting it back . I 'm used to just grabbing the cord where the key is and going to work . - Read the case and make sure you have it upright before opening it . - The case is nice . Although it seems compact it has room for a box of bits and plenty of loose ones . - Extra long cord is nice too . - Depth gauge is reliable and sturdy -LRB- better than others I have seen . -RRB- Update 1/08
 I just recently purchased this drill and so far am very happy with the ease that it powers through everything I throw at it . Luckily , I have n't noticed any chuck wobble as described by another reviewer . The drill is very comfortable in the hand and the side handle provides a very nice grip . The depth stop is easily adjusted and holds it depth even with repetive drilling.This is a bruiser of a drill and probably overkill for a DIYer like me . However , the ease of drilling through concrete block and pressure treated lumber provided by this drill is very nice .
 Needed to make 3 , 3/4 inch holes 4 inches deep in a concrete slab . A 60 year old concrete slab . I mention the age because as concrete ages it continues to harden . This drill worked fine using Bosch Blue Granite carbide bits . I first drilled a 1/4 inch hole . That hole actually was the slowest hole to drill . Then drilled it out to 3/4 inch in steps using 1/8 inch larger drill sizes . For the last 3/4 inch hole I used a bit made NOT by Bosch and the carbide tip chipped badly on the second and third holes . Caused by the hard aggregate in the slab concrete . The Bosch bits took it all in good shape . Probably took me 10 minutes each hole because of all of the bit swapping . Sure a Hilti would have done a hole in 30 seconds and it should for what it costs . Other choice was to rent a Hilti for about half of what the Bosch cost .
 I bought this drill to install a gate in a sidewalk . It drove -LRB- 8 -RRB- 3/8 '' wedge anchors 2 '' into my sidewalk with no trouble in well under an hour . It was `` reconditioned '' so I was a little concerned but it perfomed like a marvel for the price . I am not a pro but I expect this drill would handle this type of job every day for some time .
 My ClimbTek 16 ' articulated ladder was exactly what I expected and then some . It meets all of my needs around my single story ranch with a ruggedness to stand up to the toughest jobs . When I decided to stain this past summer I debated making my own platforms so I could make use of the scaffold.I am glad I chose to buy these instead . Price and time taken into consideration I undoubtedly came out ahead . They are light weight - but again , still rugged - and the latching mechanism is fast and secure . On or off in seconds.I did choose to cover my platforms with a temporary non-slip cover for staining purposes -LRB- an old exercise treadmill tread worked great -RRB- just to keep them clean.After months of shopping I purchased ClimbTek and have found their product and accessories to be worth every penny .
 Tried it as soon as I recieved it.I was cleaning the gutters.Attachment was a snap , it has good footing to walk on and was secure and sound.I was pleased with this attachment .
 it 's definitely not as easy if you had your typical a-frame ladder . meaning ... super quick and easy to unfold.but this ladder gives lots of flexibility as to the different ways you can reach thingsthe biggest value
 I really get good relief from this product . It arrived quickly and was well packaged . The taste is palatable and not chalky like other brands
 Great addition to the ladder - easy to install and compact - a job site plus
 I have wanted this type of ladder for over 20 years . Following a little research , I chose this product and am very please with the product and the service .
 Just what I was looking for . They arrived intact and at a cheaper price than I could purchase in store .
 First , I purchased this saw as a woodworking tool , rather than a carpentry or jobsite tool , so keep that in mind.This is a big saw . I intend to mount it permanently in my shop , so that is not an issue . But if you need mobility , the weight and girth would be problematic . That is the only negative thing I have to say at this point about this saw.Cut Quality : This saw cut through red oak 2 1/2 inches thick and 9 inches wide literally like butter , leaving a cut so smooth I was shocked -LRB- it was superior to my contractors saw with a Forrest WWII blade -RRB- . Thus , the saw is more than adequately powered and has an excellent blade . Consider that if you balk at the price tag - you do not need to go out and replace the blade . Also , because the saw has adjustable kerf inserts , tearout is minimal -LRB- usually none at all -RRB- . The kerf inserts are well designed and will not damage the saw if you cut one at an extreme bevel angle . Though not as good as a shop made zero clearance insert , it is effective enough that I am not going to spend time making one . The bottom line - perfect cuts that you make you smile as you run your fingers over the end grain.Construction and Use : Slider and Hold down
 I just received my Bosch 4410 dual compound sliding miter saw from UPS today . I used the Dewalt 12 '' sliding compound miter saw to build a Decorator 's Showhouse style home . All I can say is that the Bosch 4410 is far superior . It is smoother , quieter , prettier , easier to carry , and seems far more powerful . I am a carpenter who 's work consists mainly of decks and rough work . I have also built furniture in the past and know that dead on accuracy and precision is a must in one 's tools and this saw is right on the mark . When I opened the box , I nearly cried at beauty of this machine . The saw was dead on accurate right out of the box . The upfront controls are stout and simple to use , making the saw such a pleasure to work with . The saw is by far the finest tool I own . I own the complete line of Bosch 18v cordless tools , and some of their 24v tools all of which I have found to be the best cordless tools available after many hours of research and testing . I can not say enough about this saw and no words could do it justice . My final words to anyone looking for a 10 '' sliding compound miter saw are ; if you are worried about the few extra dollars you might spend on this saw , do n't be . It is one of those things that is more than worth the extra bucks . You will not be dissappoined and will be blown away by the quality and beauty of this saw .
 If you are like me , the first thing that runs through your mind when looking at an expensive tool is ` Wow ! But is it worth the money . ' Since I 'm in the middle of remodeling a kitchen and fixing up a house , I decided to take no chances and make the investment on the assumption that I would eventually use most of this saws features . And I have.This is the most well thought out miter saw I have ever used . Whether you need to chop , slide , miter , bevel , cut grooves , or make compound cuts , it just simply does the job with a minimum of fuss . If you do n't like the angle of the grip , change it . Make gross and fine adjustments . And the carbide blade is incredible as well . And it is built like a rock , a very well oiled rock - if you take care of it it will last forever.Based on what you do you may want to pick up a second quick clamp , a crown molding support stop , or the extra long base rod kit . There are a few other nifty widgets as well . As I said , Bosch has spent considerable thought in making this a truly professional piece of equipment .
 The 4410 is an outstanding piece of machinery ! I received it two weeks ago and have used it to trim out the base cabinet in which it will be permanently installed . Miters were perfect right out of the box . Ergonomics are excellent . If the unit is to be permanently installed in a cabinet against the wall , please be aware that it will require 34 '' from the wall to the front of its base to fully operate the sliding mechanism . A lot of money but worth it !
 Every once in a while a piece of machinery comes out and changes the industry forever , the sliding dual bevel miter saw is one of these remarkable inventions . Hitachi introduced the sliding miter saw a few years back and ever since it 's inception all the other manufacturers continue to add features to justify the large pricetag.Bosche has truly separated themselves with the 4410 and 4412 . The '04 saws are in a class by themselves . Just looking at them out of the box you can see the great care that was given to bridge functionality and aethsetics - if that matters , but if you are as big a tool-hound as I am , a nicely designed machine is as nice to look at as any classic car . But it is with the ease of which the compound mitering controls can be adjusted that places this machine head and shoulders above the rest . Everything is at the front - where you want them.Perfomance is superb - capable of plowing through dense material with out bogging down and the finish of cut is quite good but of course that depends on the blade you use . The stock blade is better than most and if you really know what you 're doing you 'll have your own personal choice of blades.The 4410 is good-to-go right out of the box and the factory settings were dead-on . You 'll need a dedicated stand or table for this saw as it really is n't the portable it claims to be but thats fine as it really deserves a stable home.More to come in the next few weeks.Hope this review was helpful
 I have just about completed remodelling an old home , and over this time got to use the Bosch 10 '' slider compound - my own - and the Dewalt owned by my carpenter . Over this time we got to do an awful lot of cutting.I am now into doing the trim work and really decided to upgrade to the 4410 after doing a Lee Vally seminar on trim carpentry . I realized the value of the double mitre setting and decided to change.What caught me by surprise was the sheer smoothness and accuracy of this saw . It is amazingly quiet , with much more cutting power than either the old Bosch or the Dewalt . The ease of operation is increased by the thoughtful front placement of the controls . In fact it was amusing to see all the seminar participants struggling to find the bevel adjustments at the back , and the expression on their faces to see everything upfront.I keep discovering new innovations , and am totally impressed.This is an excellent toos and a joy to use.Glen Holloway
 I purchased this saw to replace a very old makita chop saw , and I could n't be happier . UPS did a horrible job shipping it , so it was n't dead on accurate , but pretty close . I am very happy with it , and would suggest it to anyone in the market for such a saw . Worth the money , and worth having FedEx ship it .
 What can I say , this is the saw that all other compound sliders want to be ! The saw came just days after I ordered it in prefect condition . Set up was a breeze , seeing that the saw came dead on accurate . As a seasoned woodworker , I have learned that it is not worth saving a couple of dollars here and a couple of dollars there when buying a tool . The extra cost for this saw is more than worth the price ! Do n't be fooled by other saws on the market , the Bosch 4410 us the way to go !
 If you are like me , you do alot of reaserch before purchasing ANY product.Let me start off by saying this , I have been a carpenter for over 20 years now and I have used plenty of power tools in my time . I would choose a product by Milwaukee over all others . I have purchased a good amount of Bosch tools in the past few years and my choice has been swayed from Milwaukee to Bosch . Do n't get me wrong , Milwaukee makes fabulous power tools , durable and reliable , but the tools I have purchased from Bosch seem to have the same quality 's I liked from Milwaukee but have some more thought put into the design of their tools.This saw was perfect right out of the box . I went to calibrate it and everything was right on the money , bevels , miters and straight cuts . The design is SOOOO SWEET !! The bevel lock is right up front where it should be rather than behind the saw as all others are . They have conveniently placed any wrench needed for adjustment of this saw into the back of the saw in a hideaway compartment where the other brands put the bevel lock . I like the micro adjustment it has to fine tune the miter angle if I need an angle just off of the norm . The built in extention arms are a great feature that other manufacturers will make you buy seperate -LRB- although roller stands are essential for long lumber or trim -RRB- and the angles I can cut are greater than the 45 degree angles you will get on most saws -LRB- 50 degrees left miter , 60 degrees right miter , 47 degrees left bevel and 46 + degrees right bevel -RRB- . The workpiece clamp is one of the best I have seen on any jobsite mitersaw I have ever used . The only thing I did n't like on this saw was that if you set the bevel to the right more than 30 degrees , the saw wo n't cut all the way through lumber or trim unless you placed some scrap 2by lumber under whatever you are cutting , the beltdrive housing hits the fence even when the fence is in the extended position . Of course if anyone is familiar with cutting miters and bevels on a single bevel saw , any miters and bevels can be made on the left side of the saw to avoid using 2by lumber under the workpiece easily . If anyone is n't familiar with that procedure ... practice man , I had to before I had a dual bevel saw :-RRB- . -LRB- It is a little bit of an inconvenience at times but not hard to accomplish . -RRB- All the same , this saw rates 5 stars in my book . This saw should make ANYONE satisfied that purchases it . Take it from me , Big D.
 I balked a little on the price , but after working with it , it is worth every penny ! Every stop was dead on right out of the box . I swapped the blade with an 80 tooth Freud , and could tell little difference in the cuts from the blade that came with it.First time set up was very easy . The saw is mostly assembled right out of the box . It took me less than 1/2 hour to install the few small parts and check all of the miter and bevel stops.It is a great convenience to have all the controls up front . My workshop is crowded , and not having to reach behind to set bevels is a bonus . The micro-adjust feature for the stops is a real time saver for `` sneaking up '' on a cut.I have owned and/or used several other brands -LRB- D ----- , M ----- , H ----- -RRB- , but this saw is more accurate and intuitive to use than any of the rest.Bosch certainly did this one right !
 This is one Bad A ** saw !!!! Let me start my saw adventure from the beginning ... My first miter saw was a 10 `` Dewalt slide miter saw -LRB- 10 years ago -RRB- . It was a complete piece of junk !!! I will never buy another Dewalt -LRB- black and Decker ... same company -RRB- tool in my life !!! My second saw was a Hitachi 8 1/2 slide miter saw.The hitachi was a really great saw with one draw back ... it cant cut 4x material.Every now and then I need to cut a 4x4 and it could n't do it.I highly recommend this saw to someone looking for something alittle smaller then a 10 '' saw.My third saw was a Makita LS1013F slide miter saw.I really wanted to like this saw , it just would n't stay square and true.I sent it to makita twice -LRB- their customer service sucks by the way -RRB- . One time it took them 3 1/2 weeks to get it back to me.My saw is my bread and butter.The second time they changed out the whole table and it still was n't fixed.I called them again and told them I got a lemon and they said it was my problem.It was only 2 months old !!! Thats what I call bad customer service.Don ' t get me wrong ... I swear by makita , they make really good tools !!! Bot for $ 550 I want a perfect saw , not something I have to adjust every cut !!! My forth and FINAL saw is the Bosch 4410 . This saw is in a league of its own !!!! Its so much better built then all the rest !!! It cuts like BUTTER !!! And to top it off all the adjustments are up front , no more reaching around the back to set the bevel.I was so impressed I went out and bought a Bosch 1677m worm drive saw.Same exact quality as the 4410 . I was so impressed I put my skil saw out on the street and it was gone in 5 minutes.Bottom line Buy the Bosch 4410 miter saw !!!! You wo n't regret it !!!!!
 I almost opted for the Hitachi -LRB- w/laser guide -RRB- because the 4410 was unavailable when I ordered , but I held out and it 's worth the wait . No problems with the saw shipped UPS . The bevel was locked down off zero , but the stop was fine - I just set it to the preset , and no problem . The first job I had for the saw was cutting some Ipe decking for a sandbox . If you have n't worked with this stuff - it 's brutal - you have to predrill to sink decking screws into it , you ca n't drill too small -LRB- or you 'll snap stainless steel screws in half -RRB- - and I could only drill about half an inch at a time before the bit would overheat . But this saw cut through it without complaining and left a mirror-like finish -LRB- not so hard to do on such a dense wood , I guess -RRB- . The controls are pretty intuitive . The slide-out extensions and built-in stop are pretty handy , though limited . The table is 3 3/4 '' high - so you can support long workpieces using 2-2x 's and a 1x stacked up -LRB- the instruction manual tells you it was designed this way -RRB- . I like the rotating handle - it 's handier than you 'd guess - not only do you get your preference of vertical versus horizontal -LRB- I like the 45-degree setting -RRB- , but I find I like different settings with the saw higher or lower -LRB- I was cutting with the saw on my garage floor -RRB- . My only complaint is the amount of dust it kicks out , but I do n't have experience with other models that were n't hooked up to a dust collection system .
 This is the second mighter saw I have ever owned . The first was a plain little delta 10 '' . When I decided to upgrade i did a lot of research before buying . The blade that comes with the saw is very good . The double bevel is nice also , since the adjustment lever is up front . I have operated the dewalt 12 '' , and the bevel adjustment is a pain . So if you want a hard working , acurate , and reliable saw get this one !!
 I am very pleased with the 4410 . It is n't cheap , but it is worth the money . Easily one of the best 10 '' slides on the market .
 This is my third miter saw ... first sliding . This is a precision piece of equipment and is excellent and accurate enough to make furniture . I 'm only a weekend warrior , but have handled several lesser quality saws . This one takes the cake for sure .
 Built like a tank and smooth as silk . This 10 '' can do almost everything a bigger 12 '' can , but it 's a lot smaller and easier to handle . Everything is robust and well made , and even though it 's beefy , everything is very smooth and precise . I checked all the alignments from the factory and they were dead on . I did n't have to adjust anything . I do n't know how comparable saws are , but the only thing that seemed like it could use some work was the dust collection . There is dust everywhere , but I really could n't see how the dust collection point could be in a better place . I seriously looked at 4 other saws including DeWalt and Ridgid and I 'm convinced I definitely got the best saw and the best deal .
 I love this saw . It is very accurate and none of the features are cheap or plastic . Very solid and easy to handle and SAFE.No issues with saw .
 like all the rest reviewers , this saw is hands down the finest saw on the planet . crown moulding is a piece of cake now , as is all other cuts from fine trim to 6x this work horse takes it all . And , my nephew works for Skill/Bosch and I got this one for $ 250.00 new in the box!How cool is that !
 Part of a whole system , but if you have the water power to drive 2 shower heads and 6 body sprays , these are tops , albeit at a price .
 too cool , just by luck i saw this brand new drill , at value village for 13.00 bucks . it didnt have a charger but you have one perfect . i did n't think i would find such a find now i would mind getting a few more to some folks i know . they loved the drill .
 The charger was in excellent condition . I have used the charger and it performed perfectly .
 Perfect packing , attention to detail , tolerances and looks . It is just such a deal . Do n't shy away from this due to it 's price . No need . It looks as if it is a $ 300 SINK .
 I ordered this sink on 07/04/09 and needed it to be delivered by my deadline of 07/14/09 . I was advised that it would be . I then received an email from the company advising me that they had an issue with an employee who stated he was shipping items , when in fact he did not . The company contacted me in a timely manner to let me know about the problem . They further decided that they would not charge me for the sink and they still sent it to me . I got a deadline extension and had the sink by 07/17/09 . All in all , I am very happy with the product and the seller 's communications . I feel they handled everything very professionally . I let the company know that I would have no problem ordering from them in the future due to the fact that they had a problem with an employee -LRB- which I did n't feel was the company 's fault -RRB- , handled the problem and came up with a solution to maintain great customer service .
 love this sink . It comes with pop up drain and is heavy and beautiful.great price , great item .
 The sink is built solid , price is difficult to beat and the final result when watched with their waterfall faucet is very pleasing . The whole kit was less than $ 150 bucks , and it looks like a million dollar . Everybody loves it , our friends need to be shown the actual Amazon page to believe how little we paid .
 Great bowl at a fantastic price , now flaws in the glass . Shipment was fast and easy , well packaged . My basement bathroom now looks like a million bucks !
 I bought two for my new porcelain tile vanities and not only were they a bargain , they 're just gorgeous because they show the tile . I paired them with the Euro Modern Waterfall Vessel sink faucet and together they really make a statement . So much water pours from the faucet that I have to be conscious of not opening it fully and wasting water but when you want a robust stream , it 's there . Note that the sink comes with its own mounting ring and pop up drain so you do n't need to buy them separately .
 This is a heavy , thick , well made glass vessel sink . Fit and finish are very good . and the price is right . It is bigger . . i think than other sinks like It I saw at big box stores . Glad I purchased it .
 I purchased two sinks for my master bath . The sinks are beautiful and were a great price . Shipping was fast and I received the sinks in perfect condition . Little info was provided about the sink so I googled it for more specs . I saw the sink normally comes with a drain . When I received them , there were cutouts in the styrofoam for a drain but was not included , which was disappointing .
 Great product for the price . It arrived on time and in good condition looks beautiful in the new bathroom on the new vanity .
 This is a great knife ! The hole in the blade is a bit small to get a good grip with your thumb every time , but putting a zip tie through the hole and pulling it tight really makes it a lot easier to open with one thumb ! Nice beefy blade and the handle is very comfortable .
 KBI products quality is superb . The only problem is sourcing the product -LRB- s -RRB- due to box stores and supply houses selling poorly made off-shore products . I wait for mine through on-line shopping usually .
 These bulbs seem to be very good quality . They provide a lovely glow and help create warm ambiance in any room .
 I love the antique look of this bulb and they go great in my grandmother 's antique chandelier dining table lamps .
 Well built.This will last you a ling time and feels like a very well made instrument.Be sure to get the base too so you can have movement free sharpening.DMT makes the best sharpeners.This really feels professional .
 I hate that DMT charges more than twice what I think this Duosharp is worth but , alas , I bought it anyway because ... well , DMT and I both know that no other company -LRB- or product -RRB- can fill this niche as effectively.Yes ... I reluctantly recommend this product and I WOULD purchase it again , knowing what I know about this product ... and it 's performance ... and it 's endurance.Very pricey ... pretty heavy ... The only product that does what it does and does it this well.Deduct one star for the high price . Please make it lighter weight and less expensive . Thanks.This goes in my expedition pack . The weight and size are totally justified.Grumble-grumble .
 I like a sharp knife but I am far from an an expert in tool sharpening . I had a couple of fairly expensive knives that I could no longer sharpen with the stones , steel rods , and ceramic sticks that I had traditionally used . I decided to invest in a diamond stone . This DMT bench stone works great and the fine/course combo has been good to restore my dull knives or tone those that were in better shape . I liked it so much that I also bought a small pocket model and and a rod by the same company for serrated blades . I am using it in the available plastic base and I think that is the way to go . I have sharpened every knife we own , my axes , all my tree and shrub trimming equipment , and I used the diamond bench stone to flatten my old sharpening stones that were grooved from use . I am glad that I bought a larger size for all the things I have sharpened . It is easy to clean with soap and water . A solid tool investment .
 The knobs are great , They match the ones we have . Arrived before expected . Good service . Easy to install . Look amazing
 this set of bits are excelent.Very easy to use , instructions could n't be more clear . Just make sure that your router 's max . RPM are enough for the bit 's . Comes with a instruction booklet that is very clear . Also comes with a dvdthat shows step by step instructions .
 I bought these to make raised panel shutters for the front of my house . They worked out great . I was able to reconfigure the bits to work for my needs considering that the shutters are only one sided . Expensive but very high quality . Nice case too .
 Not that they will need to be replaced that often but for the price you cant find a better deal , they do snap firmly into the mask and just does the job quite well.Remember when you change the type of cartridge filter you are using you should also change the retainer . No problem at all though
 3M 501 Filter Retainer for 3M 6000 and 7500 Facepiece Respirators , Fits 5N11 and 5P71 FiltersIt is an exact replacement for the item on the Maintenance Free Organic Vapor Half_Facepiece Respirator I purchased .
 My ClimbTek 16 ' articulated ladder has more than met my needs around my single story ranch . I shopped for a very long time before making up my mind to buy the ClimbTek and my patience has been rewarded with a rugged and dependable tool.I added the Stand Off/Stabilizer this past summer when the decision was made to stain the house . This simple , but well made , accessory really helped out a lot.It can be attached to the ladder on any rung as a stand off , making it useful at either 8 ' , 12 ' or fully extended at 16 ' . -LRB- That would be 6 ' , 9 ' or 12 ' for the shorter ladder . -RRB- Attached at the `` top '' of the ladder it provides a much wider footprint to stabilize the ladder in any of the scaffold configurations.Two uses in one , easy on and off - and it cleans up as easily as the ladder at the end of the work day . My only change was to switch out the provided wingnuts with large -LRB- threaded -RRB- nobs.I ca n't work wingnuts in gloves up here and my ClimbTek is an around the year tool !
 The Stand Off Stabilizer is very sturdy and works very well . I have cathedral ceilings in my home and it has been a blessing for changing bulbs in my track lighting The only drawback is that it makes the ladder harder to move around and more difficult to store because the ladder does n't fold as flat with the Stabilizer attached . I usually de-attach the Stabilizer before storing the ladder .
 Many of the hand showers that I looked at were huge ! They looked like the hand-held showers that you typically would install as a replacement shower head . I did n't want anything like that . I wanted something on the smaller side to use to wash out my twin toddlers ' hair and rinse the tub after bathing , similar to what you might see on a kitchen sink . I can imagine a big honking hand shower getting in the way , falling off it 's little holder stand , and being more of a nuisance than anything else.Most of the other hand showers have manual diverters so you have to pull the lever or however you would typically turn off the tub spout and turn on the shower head . This one is a push-button , making like a little easier when you 're also convincing two > 2 yr olds that sitting down in the tub is best . The smaller overall size of the hand shower , though larger than a kitchen sink sprayer , and the push-button feature are the two main reasons I chose Danze over Moen . I love that the finish does n't have the yellow undertones of the Moen , which probably is n't noticeable unless held side by side.I 'm very happy with my selection !
 As far as aesthetics go , it looks good . The concept is great . It just feels cheap compared to their other fixtures.I am not sure if all of the finishes are all like this or its just the chrome one but I purchased this because the one that came with the danze opulence roman tub faucet fixtures broke . The other fixtures , the handles and faucet are a heavy , weighty metal . They are made to last , excellent quality . I do n't know why they dropped the ball with the sprayer . Compared to the faucets , to me , this feels light and cheap.When the plumber tried to install it , when he tightened it , the inner plastic part broke so I had to buy a replacement . I only needed the sprayer but they do n't sell it by itself , had to get this kit with the other parts I do n't need.Maybe they did it this way because they wanted it light since you are carrying it in your hand . I just wish the plastic parts were a little tougher .
 I really like the feel and heft of this sprayer . It is decorative and adds a lot of character to the tub .
 Will be cut into sections to scrape sawdust off my 14 inch Delta band saw wheels . Odd use , bur this is a well made brush with relatively stiff bristles .
 Great shower with 5 different modes . . own two of them and it is the best in its category ... and its $ 15 cheaper than HD .
 It is solid , works well , looks fine , what more would I want ? And it is not expensive . If you want to pay more for another , well I did for the one I purchased before this , and threw away when I bought this one , never finding it worth a darn .
 Same thing going for 37-45 at 3 major home improvement stores.Thanks Ace and Amazon !
 A good shower head , though I wish it kicked out a little more water , it 's a big improvement from my old shower head , which was badly overdue for being replaced . The installation instructions were not terribly clear on how to install the rubber disk in the hose connection unit , which the instructions ironically says can cause damage if you do n't install it correctly . I do like and frequently use the different settings on the shower head , though the locking mechanism to hold that setting firmly in place does wear out a bit in time .
 Great Product for doing just what it 's supposed to.Definitelty recommend this product!It makes laying out your worksite a brezze !!!
 Does not roll , super bright , compact and long battery life . I use it everyday at the vet office and carry it overseas . Very fast shipping .
 This is a great light ... small compact with more light than you would expect.The lasting power of the light is a great asset ... I 'm very happy with the Titanium flashlight ... I 'd recommend this one for several reason ... mostly for size and usage on a daily basis ...
 I was given a Sona 8 LED for Christmas , and I now plan to replace all my other flashlights with this wonderful little flashlight . -LRB- cars , basement , garage and other emergency areas -RRB- The light from this flashlight really incredible . These are the type the lights that you would want to carry in your vehicles .
 Nice little 3-AAA light for the price , not sure of the runtime though I would guess its about 2 hours near 75-100 percent and then run for about 2-3 hours at a steady decline this is my best guess dont hold me to it though.The 8 LED 's are bright its pretty compact about as wide as your palm and roughly 1.25 in diameter , I like it has an octangular shape and will sit without rolling in or on a nightstand.Its a good light at home but not sure of its weather proofing I 'm not sure how well it would do or how reliable in wet weather therefor i I would not use it on the road and surely not in military/police lighting .4 stars for for it neat design and brightness
 I purchased this set to make new kitchen cabinet doors . I have a 3 1/2 HP router , table and router lift . This makes it a lot easier to dial in the exact height . Follow the instructions , make templates of the final pieces . You 'll use them over and over again . Also I tried 1,2 , and 3 cuts to final product . Found that on cherry 2 cuts were the best . You should try it out before you begin.So now after 6 months and 30 doors latter . They are still sharp and cutting like new . Very good set . I would recommend to anyone .
 This set of Bits is a great set . I have no issues with theseFreud is a great company , there stuff cost more and you get what you pay for . . every item I have from Freud was worth the Price ... even if you are new to making cabinet doors the DVD that comeswith the set is very clear . . all in all very happy with this set of bits
 This panel bit set is worth every penny . Produces perfect raised panel doors . The instructions and video that are included are very good . Spin the panel bit SLOW however , around 10,000 worked best for me .
 I purchased these bits to make several cabinets that I will have to custom build for special openings . What can I say ... They are Freud bits . They are the Cadilac of bits . The quality is superb and they are sharp !!! I will probably purchase more of these bits in the future !
 We just received this light and love the quality of this product . It 's very classy looking and makes a BIG difference in the ambience of our master bathroom . It was VERY EASY to install , too . It only took about 10 minutes to put up ! We 're very happy we made this purchase .
 I purchased this to use while weaving . It 's an excellent lamp that can be adjusted to different heights . The base is very heavy so the lamp does n't tip over . The head can adjust down so that the light is n't shining in your face but on your reading or craft work . I even find my 15 year old using it . I highly recommend this lamp .
 Father-in-law has macular degeneration and this lamp adjusted directly onto a newspaper and allows him to continue to read his paper . Great value and accepts a 100 watt bulb .
 Searched for this specific lamp once I found it online , but unavailable in stores and most other places online . Thank goodness it was on amazon.com . My mother-in-law was instructed to get a gooseneck reading lamp that could be placed between reading material and her face in order to improve her reading capability as she has macular degeneration . This is the only reasonably priced lamp that adjusts low enough in height to be used for reading while sitting in a chair and then the gooseneck adjusts further for your convenience . Sturdy , heavy base to prevent tipping , great quality . Just what we needed . Arrived in perfect condition in short amount of time .
 We have a similar lamp in another room so I knew the design would fit our needs . I was n't sure if the quality would be as good as our other lamp which is an old style medical lamp and is very sturdy . The Hausmann Lamp has a heavy base that sits firmly , even on the carpet and does not try to tip when you adjust the head . It is not what you would call a decorative lamp -LRB- we bought it for the living room -RRB- but I was more interested in the functionality than the style . If you want a good light to read by , I would recommend this one .
 Too sturdy for tying out the dog , but good for the pole-end - wound around like a spring , to absorb shock when he throws himself on the end of his tether .
 I have owned and used this utility knife for over five years . It is the best one out there . I thought I had lost this knife about two weeks ago ; got on amazon and put it in my Wish List - and then found it . I purchased another anyway . I am extremely pleased with the product and as always - amazon 's speedy delivery .
 When I was considering purchasing one of these I could n't find whether or not it had a set screw installed . Having gotten one , I now know that it does have a set screw . So in case anybody else is wondering ... now you know .
 I got this pulley for my project ... I attached with timing belt and motors together . It works perfectly . I got all the parts from same seller . They all coming in same package , it helps me alot . I had all the parts I need .
 I was looking for something that would secure my kayaks to the Thule roof rack , and this is perfect . It fits through the scuppers without issue , and is a great length .
 This was a well priced lock , but last year two of my bikes were stolen from it . I think this lock would work well for keeping the common civilian from leaving with your bike , but i would n't risk it if you own a nicer bike .
 if a thief is determined , they could break any lock . that being said , this lock is simple , and looks a tad bit flimsy . it definately would take someone with the proper tools less than a minute to slice through this lock.don ' t get me wrong , i appreciate the little guy , but i do n't think it will save my bike from potential stealers . deter , yes , but not stop . plus i live in a big city where bike theft is common . maybe i 'm just cheap , but i believe this lock is worth it 's price . i also use a u-lock for added protection .
 Bought this to secure my sit on top kayaks on the roof rack . Works great . Easily goes threw scupper holes and wraps around rack . Probably works just as well as locks sold specifically for kayaks , which cost $ 30 - $ 40 .
 This was exactly what I expected . It came in the mail pretty fast and it works like a charm .
 I bought this product to test the tapwater at my parent 's house . It was very easy to run through the tests and all in all it took probably no more than 10 minutes including reading the instructions . The best part is , it actually comes with 2 sets of litmus tests . You can either test two different water supplies or the water from two different tap locations if you suspect something is amiss in your house 's plumbing system . There 's also a mail-in postcard in there to send away for a free lead test kit . It does warn that the water sample has to be sent to a lab and it costs about $ 30 for the results of that test , but I still think that 's better than nothing . I am going to buy another to test my water at some point .
 I bought this as a way to make sure my water softener is working . So far , that is the only test I have used in the package . The directions were clear , the test was easy to do , and the color comparisons were on spot.I did n't give the product 5 stars because I did not try all of the tests . However , if you are looking for a cheap , quick way to test your water 's hardness , give this a try .
 This is a very convenient and economical way to test water . Living in a home with well and septic , I knew we had a water hardness problem but I did n't know to what extent . Not only did this test confirm that , but it gave me the range as well as allowing me to test for many other minerals as well . In addition , there are 2 sets of test strips per test for future use . The product is inexpensive and very easy to use . I would highly recommend using this kit .
 I got this test in an attempt to see how my whole house water filter was working . The fact that it contained two of each test was great since that 's exactly what I needed in order to test before and after the filter.The tests were easy to use and quickly provided me with basic levels of each potential contaminate . I say ` basic levels ' because that 's all you should expect from this kit . It is n't going to quantify exactly how much of anything is in your water - but you should know what range you 're in . It can be a bit of a pain determining what color matches to the strip in some cases ; but it was fairly obvious for most of the tests.The only tests in this kit were
 This test kit is easy to use and does work as advertised but reading the results is rather subjective as the color matching is difficult to do with any amount of precision.For us it was all we needed because we were just looking for an idea as to whether or not we need a water softener system AND filtration or just one or the other.If you need something giving you more of a precise range this is not the product for you . But if you want a general idea with a broad range of variability this is worth the nominal cost .
 Really good product for the money -LRB- I got it for 1/2 price -RRB- . The clutch is very handy . It fits nicely in the third front pocket of my jeans and is hardly noticeable . The knife is big enough for most needs but not too big for convenience . It has a clip . It 's also easy to open with one hand . Overall Gerber makes really nice stuff . Not made in USA is the only negative for me .
 Compared to a Leatherman squirt , this was about the same lenght , but much chunkier around the waist . It wo n't make a difference if you 're leaving this in your car or in your work bag , but it makes a huge difference if you have it on you keychain.The other problem I have with this is that the tools are very tight and difficult to pull out . I 'd imagine that there will be much gnashing of teeth and broken fingernails with this tool.The look of the unit is impressive and it has a nice substantial feel . Personally , I prefer the Leatherman squirt for keychain duty . This Gerber in other uses , would work well too . Since the Gerber is a bit bigger , it does feel more substantial for heavier duty uses than the Leatherman Squirt.It 's a nice tool , but I just wish the tools were easier to access .
 I bought this set on sale , and I made out pretty good overall.I think I was expecting more from the Clutch , a minitool with a really good set of pliers . I think I was expecting more tools , honestly , but I understand why the center pieces on each handle are stamped metal instead
 This is a terrific combo . The pocket knife is perfect for just that , being a pocket knife . It fits nicely inside a small pocket and is not uncomfortable while there . And its sharp as ... well , a knife . Very nice and sturdy blade . The EVO Jr. is a cool little addition . I got this package because the two came together . I will say however , that I expected the EVO Jr to be like the Leatherman Micra and it feels a bit less sturdy than the Micra . It is still a useful gadget to have handy , however . Oh , and although they give it a nice loop for your key-chain , I found it much to heavy and bulky to be on my key-chain . All in all , a great buy . It slices and dices and does what I thought it would do . And at a very reasonable price .
 and this set is no exception . The EVO Jr. is very sharp right out of th box . The clutch is marked on each side to show which side has the knife blade and which is the nail file , so there is no guessing . there is even a screwdriver blade perfect for eyeglasses . I bought them on the Friday sale and since I bought 4 of them , the price dropped to $ 15 each , an even better value ! Thanks Amazon.com !
 I purchased this product a couple weeks back . For the money it is a good buy considering you are getting a knife and multitool for close to the price of a multitool alone . The one-handed opening action on the knife was a bit sticky to start , but works well after a bit of practice . I found the knife to be fairly dull out of the box , but nothing a good sharpener wo n't fix . I also like the locking mechanism on the knife from a safety standpoint , but you better not be a fingernail biter if you ever plan to get it closed again since it takes a strong fingernail to push down on the release mechanism . The pliers on the multitool are excellent and spring loaded to stay in the open position when at rest . Again , I found the other tools on the Clutch a bit difficult to pull out without a good fingernail . Luckily I am not a `` nervous '' person so I did okay , but be warned if you are . Overall I am satisfied with the product and performance . The compact size of both is very nice .
 Nice , sharp , hard blade . The mini-tool is useful and not loaded with too many features . Its size is an advantage until it comes to opening the smaller tools.Cons
 My name is Rob and I 'm a knife-a-holic . I figgured I 'd give this combo a try . I 've had several gerber knives over the years , and used their warranty service once . They are GREAT . The biggest problem was to find a tool able to open the package , but once I got the knife out , the package was DONE . The multi tool is WAY better my equiv leatherman of the same size . This is sure to make it to my keychain asap.I think I would have been happy to get either of these for the $ , so both for one price is quite a bargin .
 Picked this up as part of a `` Better Together '' offer - It was the added item - on an impulse . I 'd been looking for a deal on a pocket knife , so the Clutch tool was icing on the cake . As a long time Gerber fan I was counting on a quality set , and that 's exactly what I got.On the down side , as others have mentioned , the tools are a bit stiff at first , but a few cycles through helps smooth that out . My real issue with the set is the EVO Jr. itself . Do n't get me wrong , it 's a great little knife . Lightweight and compact , plenty strong , and as another reviewer said `` Wicked Sharp . '' My issue comes when closing the blade . The blade release is buried in the curved section below the tang , and not the easiest thing in the world to manipulate . It 's a challenge in warm , dry , ideal conditions , I can only imagine how much fun it will be when trying to release the lock with cold , or wet , or slippery fingers.Still , it is a great little set , and well worth the money.That being said , if I had it do over , I might have been better served by the Superknife Gerber markets under their SK line . I already own a couple of these styles of knives , albeit from different manufacturers , and they are great to have around . I love the fact that they use readily available utility blades , and never need sharpening . For convenience alone , everyone should have one ! This knife and multitool set is a steal at under $ 20 . Heck , at these prices , get both!Superknife 22-00602 SK Edge Rubberized Folding Utility Clip Knife & Multi Tool
 The multi-tool is small enough to fit into the change/watch pocket of my Wranglers . The tweezers are better than Swiss Army . No scissors . No real Phillips head . A nice detail is that the side with the knife is marked `` blade '' and the other side is marked `` nail file , '' which is a time-saver . The blade of the multi-tool is not nearly as sharp as the regular knife , which is a dream to use . It took me a little practice to open the knife one-handed , but no big deal . However , it takes TWO hands to disengage the stop to close the blade . So if you are buying this for someone with the use of only one hand , find something else .
 Both the pocket knife and the mini-tool have come in handy on several occasions . No complaints about the quaility either , everything seems to be very solid . For the price Id definately recommend this item .
 I purchased this for the knife . At this price the multi-tool was truly free . Carry the knife all the time . Good sharp blade , easy to open , very light weight . I keep the multitool handy and have used it a couple of times . Contrary to other reviews I find the tools very easy to open . Mybe they made some minor design changes . Certainly not for heavier jobs , but very handy for small quick jobs . Overall , money well spent and I am very happy with it .
 The EVO Jr. is a nice knife with an excellent blade -- kinda makes me want to own the full-sized EVO , too -- but the real excitement for me is the Clutch.I 've only had it a couple of weeks , and I 've already used it far more than the P4 Squirt I 've owned for years . Yes , it 's a bit heavier , and not as slick and colorful , but the pliers are MUCH stronger and more useful than the Squirt.In contrast to many of the reviews , I found the smaller tools EASIER to open on the Clutch -- Maybe I just got one of the `` looser '' ones?I also paid more for the Squirt by itself than I did for this set ! ; > -RRB- In short , I 'm lovin ' the Clutch so far . I just wish there were some sort of sheath or little slip-case for it ... although the black coating does seem very scratch-resistant !
 The EVO Jr. is an amazing knife . I usually carry it along with me at all times , and i trust it for most knife-worthy duties . Cutting things , sawing at things , knife fights , et cetera . The clutch is okay . It has springy pliars , a knife , a bottle cap opener , a nail file , a flathead screwdriver thing , and a few other bits i have no idea what they do . It does feel really nice , it 's really light , but still has the tiniest bit of heft to it . It 's also really small . I like it.For the price i paid -LRB- 13 dollars , with free shipping -RRB- , i do n't regret it for a second .
 Smaller than what I expected ... but small is what I was going for . Very Nice !
 I found them to be well made and efficient in use . THe bullt in philips screw driver is a little weak . The knife is very good . Plan on honing the edge of the knife . I like a very sharp knife . The plier caan be used by both large and small hands . Overall on a key chain or in ones pocket , this is a great product . I liked them so much I gave these away as gifts .
 This product hit the sweet spot for those individuals to whom I sent one of these for Christmas . All liked it and some said they used it immediately , to help open the kids ' gifts .
 I honestly did n't expect much from this set since i was getting it for only $ 20 dollars or so when it was on sale , but it proved to be a very useful little tool . I carry it on me all the time and it comes in handy quite a bit , very good quality as well . Great buy : -RRB-
 Nice tool to have on hand in a pinch .
 The knife is the right size for most projects . The clutch tool is a handy item to do miscellaneous odd tasks without having to get out the heavy tools . Tools are of high quality , not like some others that have good intentions but are n't of a high enough quality to be useful or even do the intended task .
 Incridible army-knife and clutch ! perfect to be carried to countryside and day-by-day . Nice cut for everythings , since bacon to fish and hard-sheel fruits .
 The knife is great . The Clutch is definitely Clutch . The downfall of the Clutch is that it needs a better blade on it .
 Great tool , use it every so often . The knife however , I use CONSTANTLY . Best knife I 've ever owned . Stays sharp , swings smooth , looks great . I highly recommend these two .
 This combo is good , but not great . The knife is excellent ... very sharp -LRB- typical Gerber -RRB- , perfect size for carrying around in a pocket or leaving in a glove-box , and the one handed opening-closing makes it incredibly functional for those occasions when you do n't want to put down or release tension on whatever needs cutting . The multi-tool is ok , it has a decent solid feel , but it 's really too small for most of the things i might have used it for . It goes in the wife 's glove compartment now , just in case .
 Perfect multi-use micro-tool for travel or office , quality evident throughout the sharp , precise , stainless steel tool sets . Much more substantial than others I have used in the past in terms of its heft , apparent durability , open/close recoil , and appearance - would reccomend to anyone . The EVO Jr. makes a perfect package/letter opener , the pocket clip adds to its versatility for roadtrips .
 both products are very good -- only flaw is the lack of a lock on the utility tool knife blade . Service was also excellent .
 This was a very popular birthday present . My friend 's son -LRB- 23 -RRB- loves it and he uses it every day . This is the kind of gift you ca n't go wrong with as long as you give it to a young adult or adult that is .
 my dad is always loosing his knives . so this came with 2 ! they are great . he likes them .
 the knife works real well . i only had problems getting the tweezers ut the minitool . but they are completely useless . i would have preferred some scissors . i really like how it labels which side is the blade and which side is the file
 Cute design . Nice paper . I ca n't say how well it works on walls . I used it as decoration for a baby shower . It was really hard to find classic pooh decorations -LRB- or anything else for that matter -RRB- , so I used pieces of this as a kind of table runner . worked great !
 I really love this classic pooh border . It goes nicely with my Classic Pooh comforter set and valance . The colors are soft and subtle and the installation was easy . Very pleased .
 So cute and very easy to put up ! I saved a few dollars buying it here and it arrived quickly . Highly recommend !
 We ordered this border for our nursery . It was very easy to apply and was the perfect pattern . One thing to keep in mind -- if you want to match the pattern the whole way around , you may have to cut a few inches -LRB- 6 - 12 -RRB- off of each roll before you start applying it , so order accordingly .
 What can I say about this strange lubricant . It 's dry and comes out of the can like WD40 . It makes no mess , or leaves any visible residue . It just works ! Imagine that . A product that works just as it is advertise . Who would have thunkit ?
 I used this lubricant on my Rubik 's cube . It 's the absolute slickest lubricant I 've ever used . Simply ridiculous . This product lives up to all its claims
 This product works well - coats and protects . This product could not be found in Arizona , so I had to order on-line . It turns out Walmart has a similar silicon spray -LRB- Generic -RRB- that works about the same .
 I have been using Jig-A-Loo for personal and business applications with high success . I use it on stainless steel -LRB- after thoroughly cleaning any other polish & residue from the surface -RRB- in elevators , for call-boxes , etc. in a condominium complex ; it repels finger/hand smudges . I use it on mail counters/surfaces , on door handles/pushbars with resulting high polish and smudge-resistant surfaces as the result . I have used it on leather shoes creating lustre & moisture resistance . Oh , and I have even lubricated moving parts on various tools , etc. . Go to the Jig-A-Loo website and watch their video demonstration and then buy a can and try it . You 'll be sold !
 I have been looking for a compressor for a while at the local HD and Lowes . I never really wanted to spend $ 250 - $ 350 for something I was just going to use around the house for small jobs . I wanted a medium size tank . The 1-2 gallon tanks are too small and the giant stand up models are overkill for me . Saw this for on sale for $ 126 with free shipping and could not pass it up . After getting it , I immediately set it and ran the compressor . It is a bit loud , but it did not leak and filled to 120psi in about a minute . I later used the braid nailer to do hang some baseboards and it worked awesome . I bought a heavy duty 50 ' hose at HD for like $ 10 instead of the cheapo plastic coil hose that comes with it . Its not a huge tank , so if it gets some heavy use , it will need to run alot . I can not use it as a air blower to sweep the floor because it runs out of pressure after a short while , but You can use it for blowing off tools effectively . I also use it blow dust off my Harley , etc. . Overall Im very happy with this compressor and nailer . I plan to replace my fence and will get a larger nail gun , but I know this compressor will handle that easily . Overall a great deal for a very nice product !
 I just purchased this less than one month ago and really love it . It is small enough to carry around the house for small jobs and the brad nailer is good . Very good for light duty around the house . I would recommend buying a better air hose than what came with the compressor . What a great deal for almost $ 100 .
 Amazons return policy is nice but very costly on their end . The 1st unit arrived broken in the mail , handle smashed on top , and regulator broken . Second arrived ok , but worked for a day before would n't turn on anymore . Tried to order 3rd , but was out of stock , so I settled for a refurb . When it arrived , the regulator was broken , but a call to bostitch quickly got replaced.I bought this for my dad , but he could n't turn it on him self because of the poor design of the on-off switch . It has a small red knob that you must pull out . I gave him my compressor , and took this one as my own.The compressor runs my f28ww well , as well as my jetweld guns . It is not too loud either . The nailer is useless for finish work . . When you shoot a nail in , it puts a mark in the wood the size of a staple . So that is off to ebay .
 This combo rocks ! The items are exactly what I ordered . They performed beautifully . I have completed my first project already . I added a 3rd bedroom to our home . My next project is the middle of this month with our church . We are doing some serving work for our community . Amazon was awesome . They carried a superior product cheaper than ANYONE . They kept me informed with my shipment and made it easy to check on my status . Thanks to Amazon and Bostitch .
 This is a great air compressor . It does everything is says it can . The 2 in 1 nailer that came with the compressor does a good job . This is the first air compressor I have ever used and owned and I am very satisfied . I would like to have had a larger unit but do not have the space for one . This compact light weight unit is just right . I received this unit with free shipping and it arrived 3 days earlier than what they said . Amazon beat the prices of everyone online and even lowes and home depot . Get this one you will be happy !
 Where has this thing been all my life ? :-RRB- Great portable compressor and 2-in-1 brad nailer / stapler , easily drives 1 '' narrow crown staples through plywood . Great deal from Amazon with no tax , free 2-day shipping .
 I have been using this compressor for my small woodworking shop and basic garage needs for about 6 months . I love it !
 I bought this for my husband a few years ago . He tried to return it , fearing the `` To Do '' list would grow even longer if we had this tool around the house . He was right , the list grew , but even he thinks up new projects because this tool is easy to use and helps finish jobs faster.This set is perfect for the regular person trying to complete DIY projects around the house . Everything you need is included in this set . Opening the box and looking at the dials , cords , etc. seemed daunting but do n't worry - it was easy enough to set up . All you need to do is connect the hose , plug the air compressor in , give it a couple of minutes to power up , and the nailer is ready to go . There are 1,000 finishing nails already included . It weighs about 40-45 lbs and has a large black handle on top to help move it around -LRB- I can move it if I have to -RRB- . So far we have used it to put up crown molding , floor molding , make a cedar closet , and fix little items around the house . This gun is designed for small nails -LRB- finishing nails -RRB- and the compressor has 2.0 hp maximum but it is powerful enough to do the job.You can not beat the price for the work this one tool set will accomplish .
 I have used this for almost a year now.It works very well and is great value for the price.The air seals are perfect - I 've left it pumped up at 100 + psi and it still has pressure MONTHS later.Update
 Excellent Compressor and Nailer/Stapler as advertised , unbeatable price , super prompt shipping ... will shop Amazon again soon !
 Have used the compressor extensively - works like a champ . The tire chuck included is weak , picked up a tire inflation kit with a gauge at Wal-Mart for $ 15 ... have only tested the crown stapler , but it looks good.Have seen a compressor alone sell for more than this whole package - great value !
 The air compressor was very reasonable in price . It works great as well . The only thing that was somewhat challenging was starting the air compressor .
 This is a very solid , well-built staple gun . It 's easy to load staples and is powerful enough to fire a staple into solid wood . It 's a little harder to pull the handle than my previous Craftsman but not so bad as to alter my recommendation .
 Excellent product capable of using three sizes of staples . It inserts with assisted force which will drive any staple through the hardest of woods
 Bought the Stanley Sharp Shooter T150 when my old Craftsman finally gave out . Found this staple gun very easy to load with absolutely no jamming whatsoever during the course of my finishing this cornice board . What a pleasure to work on a project and not have to stop/start because of a jammed staple ! For the most part , it was easy to pull the handle and only when working in tight corners did I have to maneuver it and use both hands -LRB- and I 'm a 61-year-old grandmother ! -RRB- For the price -LRB- $ 16 -RRB- , I would highly recommend this staple gun for simple to intermediate craft projects .
 hola todo finohola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommendy poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendo
 taking a star off because the head is too flat , would have like to see a recess to guide cables . Otherwise it is strong enough for wood and dry wall surface and not too much to snip cables .
 This is a good T50 stapler . It is easier to trigger than the usual hardware store offering , it loads more easily , and it jams far less often . I think it 's worth a few extra dollars for a functional staple gun , so I recommend it highly .
 I bought this staple gun for an upholstery class . I was willing to pay more to get the flexibility of the nail/staple option and wanted something where I would n't wear my hand out as with an old fashioned staple gun.As other reviewers have noted , it 's not very powerful . That said , I was much happier with this Stanley than the other women were with their squeeze staple guns . For $ 10/day there was a higher powered rental available , which was the best of the lot -LRB- after I looked to buy and it retails for $ 150 -RRB- . What it comes down to is what you want to use this staple gun for . Do n't expect this to replace a pneumatic tool . If you need that kind of power , either because of heavy use , or to use with hard woods , then this staple gun wo n't meet your needs . But if you want a step up from the old fashion staple gun that is lightweight , quiet & flexible -LRB- it takes 10 kinds of staples and 2 kinds of nails -RRB- , this is a good choice .
 I 'm not understanding all of the negative reviews either . I wanted something cheap to hang mirrors and pictures in a new house . It works for that . The AC wire feature is for warning purposes only , so inaccuracies there are forgiven . Once I read the instructions on how to use the stud finding functions , it 's been a breeze and a deal for $ 15 . It stays in the junk drawer of my kitchen along with a small hammer and a few screwdrivers . It 's not a professional tool , so I 'm not treating it as such nor am I reviewing it in that context . For casual use at a cheap price , I ca n't fault it .
 I 'm a 30-yr old woman with experience doing minor projects around the house . I bought this a while back so that I could find studs in the wall to hang pictures , or secure bookshelves , etc. . I 'm both confused and annoyed at all the negative reviews . The product works exactly as it is intended . Is it finicky ? Yes , but it 's a $ 20 stud finder , not a highly-tuned piece of surgical equipment . Can I find a stud in a wall - about 99 % of the time . The other 1 % of the time , it gets pretty darn close but I have to use my knuckles to figure out where exactly to drill . It beeps when there is electrical close by , which is good enough for me because I 'm trying to find a stud , not do electrical work.Would I buy this to do construction ? No , because it 's not the right tool for the job . Would I throw away the instructions and then blame the fact that I ca n't figure out how to work the thing on the thing itself ? No , because I 'm not dumb . I can only assume the negative reviews come from Zircon marketing people , people that do n't read instructions , or people that expect way too much from a well-priced stud finder . If you 're trying to find a stud , it works fine . In fact , I 'm about to buy another one right now .
 I bought this because of its price and I do n't have call to use one that often . I have always figured you get what you pay for . When my unit arrived I was not expecting to have a 100 % performance from it . I figured if it could find one stud I could measure and find the rest , I was pleasantly surprised that it did indeed find every stud . It also finds electrical wires . The biggest downside were the directions . They are written so small you almost need a reading glass .
 The Kit works.And not only works as they say but is build to last.The -LRB- 17 -RRB- plastic tracks are indestructible and the -LRB- 30 -RRB- hardwareresist pulling and protect both table top and plastic tracks.After a month in the jobsite , if I ever `` lose '' my tools , the smart table top kit is the first one to be replaced.Good instructions . High quality parts and works like they say.You just ca n't go wrong with this kit.Works like they say . You get what they say . -LRB- high quality parts -RRB- And comes with 100 % money back guarantee.Color me HAPPY !!!
 I have almost all of eurekazones equipment ... I 'm not sure what the problem is with some of the people and their comments is . My suspicion is that they are competition or they have no concept of the value of the engineering put into the entire system . That must be considered when purchasing these products as well as the time and money saved let alone the wood cost reduction due to simply having a more efficient system . -LRB- Did I forget to mention the number of expensive tools that this one system replaces ? -RRB- I have a wood shop full of very expensive top of the line equipment that can be 80 % replaced by this system.Just so you know ... I am in no way affilliated with this company other than a very satisfied customer.George from Oregon
 The Smart table is one of those things that is just so simple it makes you wonder why you did n't think of it . It does n't look impressive , but once you start using it , you wonder how you ever did woodworking without it . First the Smart Table stores as a 2 ' x 4 ' piece and expands to support a 5 ' x 10 ' panel . All of the supports are movable and its openness makes using a clamp super easy . It is just another example of the super quality , versitle tools offered by EZ Smart .
 When I was considering purchasing one of these I could n't find whether or not it had a set screw installed . Having gotten one , I now know that it does have a set screw . So in case anybody else is wondering ... now you know .
 I got this pulley for my project ... I attached with timing belt and motors together . It works perfectly . I got all the parts from same seller . They all coming in same package , it helps me alot . I had all the parts I need .
 A must have for the professional and a should have for the weekend warrior . Versatile , dependable , ergonomic and so easy to use . Will quickly become a favorite tool in any toolbox . The case could use a little work , smaller attachments tend to shift around .
 Fein MSXE-636-2VSXL MultiMaster Variable Speed Tool with Accessory PackageIt does the difficult , precision , impossible to reach correction cuts with such a fine kurf and accurate movement that virtually any trim , molding , ceramic tile , stone , or other wood item can be cut to fit while partially mounted into the space it is intended to fit . On bulk removals , like partial stud-ends hanging around the edges of a rough out drwall , stud removal , the MM will trim the leavings precisely with no collateral damage ... we started with one and now have three ... nuff said .
 excellent tool for a multitude of projects . I 've used it for plumbing , bathroom tiles , grout removal , floor tiles , moulding , scraping , drywall , and sanding . it has saved me countless hours of tedious work .
 IT IS A GREAT PRODUCT.I USE IT DAILY TO CUT GLASS OUT OF WINDOW FRAMES .
 Welcome to to world of electronic shopping . At 55 years I finally shopped via internet . I recieved my first order as scheduled , the box looked as if had been tossed about a bit . But , the packing inside protected my new Fein in its metal box perfectly . What a fine tool . The Fein power tool works flawlessly . The metal box has foam dividers and compartments for all the accessories . Very high quality . I am very well pleased .
 This is a great tool , very handy , saves alot of time , but i have found the accessories very expensive.The standard carbon steel blades wear out real fast on plasterboard.I have resorted to easiflowing hacksaw blades to the end of the worn out blades . My own ones are better than factory at 1/4 of the price .
 Expensive , yes . But if you make your living with tools , this one pays for itself in no time . This is one of those tools that most people wonder what the heck will I do with this $ 400.00 plus tool set . Once you have it , you 'll be using it all the time . Yes the e cut blades are outrageously expensive , I 've bee making my own by cutting miter box saw blades and push/pull blades and welding them to a 1/16 '' piece of metal that I bend & drill to match the mounting shoulder on the tool.Each blade takes about 10 minutes to make & I can make about 15 blades for under $ 20.00 . The flush cut blade works better than the Bosch Fine cut , but the Bosch cuts deeper . The grout removal blade works like a charm and is way better & faster than recp saw grout blades . All in all if you are a renovation conttractor that does many different tasks , this is a great investment and you wo n't be sorry you spent the money .
 This is my second Fein Sander . I use them so often that I need to keep one in my van and one in my shop . The blades are very expensive , but if the time saved and better results are taken into account , it saves money . I bill a portion the worn out accessories to the job material and expense . My customers should n't mind because I am actually billing them less because of saved labor . It 's really great to be able to make an accurate cut through a baseboard without remoing it from the wall , or make plunge cuts into cabinetry . The cutters and scraper are great for working with vynil , carpet , dried out caulk , etc. . The variable speed is important , because the sander can generate a lot of heat when sanding paints , fillers and epoxy , if run at full speed.I 'm subtracting a star because the manufacturer 's on-line ad is misleading , obsolete , and needs updated . They did n't include the mini cut set that was specified in the text and two photos . When I called customer support , I was told that I would need to buy it . It took me a while to make the rep understand that I had already paid for it , and than Fein needed to keep the committment . To his credit , he did eventually come around , and promised to ship the missing parts to me soon .
 A great tool for anyone who likes to do most any job that comes along . Yes it is pricy but like other reviews I 've read here , it does cut down on the labor time a whole lot . I have only had it for 1 month but in that time I have been able to refinish 3 large old mahogany windows down to their original beauty and was able to make a few almost impossible cuts to repair a staircase . The tile man left me a mess before I could put in the trim and this tool not only was able to make quick work of removing the excess grout and setting cement and it even allowed me to sand down a few bad edges on the marble tile . So far I got ta say I love it , and look forward to getting a lot more done in a lot less time ! Also it is a lot quieter than the porter and cable tool and is quick with tool changes , also being able to put the cutting blades at almost any given angle is indispensable in tight spots .
 I received this tool just in time to remove the cabinet flooring under my sink , which was damaged from a water leak over an extended period of time . It cut the area out perfectly and quite fast . Was surprising how well it worked and the lack of heavy vibration made it quite stable in that confined area . The only drawback is the price of blades for it . I 'd use it more often if the price of accessories were more reasonable . It does accurate , smooth cuts like nothing else . Pricey , but worth it !
 The tool needs a better way to hold the saws etc. to keep them from moving from there set position . I understand that an improvement is comming . I hope they have a fix for existing tools in use .
 IF TIME IS IMPORTANT AND GETTING THE JOB DONE RIGHT , THEN NO ONE SHOULD GO WITHOUT THIS GEM . A COMPLETE TOOL FOR WINDOW REPAIRS , CUTTING IN TIGHT SPOTS , SANDING ... ETC. . WISH I BOUGHT THIS SOONER .
 Fein products in general are well made and very well designed but a bit pricey . The Multi Master fits into the catagory . It does it job well but the accessories are much too expensive .
 I bought this before these oscillating multi tools became really popular with other brands like dremel and rockwell popping up . I have had no complaints with this Fein Multimaster . I know the other mfg 's making cordless versions of this tool . I do n't think they would have the power needed to do much cutting , but I have n't used one to be sure .
 I Install And Refinish Hardwood Floors . The Fein Multimaster Made Cutting trim and doorjamb for Hardwood Floor clearance a breeze . We also sand step treads With this tool .
 this is probably the best tool I ever had until i forgot it in a job side and until today I regret it.amazing German tool
 OK , ITS EXPENSIVE FOR SURE ! $ 400.00 IS A GOOD BUCK TO SPEND IN ANY MANS ECONOMY . I SHOPPED AROUND , READ A BUNCH OF REVIEWS AND DECIDED TO TAKE THE PLUNGE . ITS GREAT SO FAR . I AM PEELING CAULK OFF OF THOUSANDS OF LINEAL FEET OF BASE BOARDS . THE TOOL ZIPPS THE CAULK AND PAINT RIGHT OFF . IT CARVES UP OLD CARPET PADDING GLUE IN AN INSTANT . THE SCRAPER BLADE RESHARPENS PERFECTLY ON MY GRINDER . I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO UNDER CUTTING 7 DOORS ON A WOOD FLOOR INSTALL . YES THE BLADES ARE EXPENSIVE . I BOUGHT A BATCH OF AFTER MARKET BLADES FOR HALF THE OEM PRICE . SO FAR IT HAS BEEN A HUGE LABOR SAVER AND I HAVE NO REGRETS . I HAVE ALWAYS LIKED QUALITY TOOLS AND THIS APPEARS TO BE ONE IN THAT CATEGORY.5-12 update . With this multi master i layed 2000 feet of hardwood with it 's help . Undercut not only six door frames but also all the sheet rock on all room walls . This undercutting allowed me to lay the floor without one expansion joint . The wood is seamless / transitionless throughout the house . The expansion occures at the walls since undercutting the sheet rock gave an additional half inch aound the house . Going on three years post install and not one buckle anywhere . Professional installers have seen the floor and they say '' this is a $ 15,000 install you did man '' . I would not have attemped this without the multimaster .
 Glad to find this great tool set ! Reasonable price and shipped / received quickly ! Thanks !
 Great tool ! Many uses . I love it ! I do most of the repairs around my house and this tool is excellent for making general small repairs around your home . Great investment .
 My most coveted tool . The Fein simply does things other tools ca n't . Over and over I find myself needing this tool to do things no other tool in my shop can do . Tool quality is top notch . Even comes with a decent power cord.First you need to know that it works differently , and you will like it . It gives you incredible control and even my wife likes to cut with it . It will hurt you though if you get pinched between the blade and any hard object , or your fingernail.I mostly Fein on wood . Whenever there is just a little more wood than I want to cut by hand , or the access is just too tight , then the Fein is too the rescue.We tried using the Fein for heavy paint removal and found it gives good control but takes patience . After also trying the carbide cutter type paint removal tool we settled on using an airpowerd circular sander and belt sander for heavy jobs . That pretty much sums up all of the Fein functions . Great control and limited speed . So this tool is not for production work because it is too slow . But it will save you tons of time by reaching into corners , fixing details , finishing cuts etc etc etc. .
 As everyone here has noted , the tool is well designed and the various attachments are expensive . I first had the `` pleasure '' of using this tool to remove grout . I can think of no better tool to do this horrible job faster . Personally , I have so little time outside of work that getting jobs done well quickly is my priority.I also used this tool to scrape mastic -LRB- goop used to attach tile to the floor -RRB- and cut out rotten wood and plaster in the narrow space between a window and a wall . The way that this tool works made these jobs a breeze . I 'm not aware of any other power tool that could have done these as easily.In short , if time is your most precious commodity , then this is a kewl tool that you 'll want in your box .
 I 've been using the MultiMaster for several months now and am very satisfied with the tool itself . The ergonomics , balance , weight , etc. are very good , and the VS motor is excellent . As others have noted , the accessories are expensive , and some , particulary the abrasives and pads , do n't hold up , even under very slight use . Consequently I 'd recommend this tool for most of the task for which it is advertised . For sanding however , I typically switch to a tool designed for that purpose .
 We bought this for one of our carpenters for floor patching , mostly . You can do a straight plunge cut with it . One of our other crewmembers liked it so much that he went out and bought one for himself . The only thing about them I do n't like is the cost of the blades . The good news , though , is that you can sharpen them yourself if they get a little dull -LRB- if you have basic sharpening skills . -RRB-
 I love using tools . They provide a way to get an otherwise impossible job done . I first purchased the Fein MultiMaster tool , as a sander to get into corners , about 20 years ago . Although it made this difficult job better , it took a lot of patience and skill not to get cross-grain scratching . The radial oscillating action took a bit to get used to . Practice on something unimportant!I also , on a whim , bought the saw blade attachment with the unit . In a remodeling project , I needed to cut through paneling right next to a brick chimney , and I thought of the MultiMaster . Wow . It did this job so quickly and safely that I was astonished ! I 've since used it to undercut -LRB- a lot of -RRB- trim for flooring , disassemble tile for major plumbing repairs -LRB- so that the tile could be reused ! Looks perfect . -RRB- , re-grouting shower stall tile , and a bunch of other things that my other tools just wo n't do.One example
 This tools is everything it 's cracked up to be . I have been using it to do the prep work on my 40 foot Trawler and it can get into almost every nook and cranny to sand or cut . I guess the only down side is the cost of the attachments . I would certainly buy this tool as a kit rather than just buying the tool .
 This tool paid for itself on the first job . Porter Cable 's , Ryobi 's and Bosch 's versions would not have been able to accomplish the task , likely would have been dead before the job was finished and lack the Fein tool 's versatility . I was able to reduce what would have been a week of hand sanding of an over-the-post oak stair railing system to one day.Because of the ability of this tool to also do knife thin straight-in cuts , grout removal and so forth , it has become and indispensable part of my tool collection . If it died tomorrow , I 'd have it replaced before the day was out.I agree with the complaints about the price of blades , but willingly suffer the cost to save what could be considered a fortune in time . I solve some of the problem of blade cost by saving worn saw blades and using them for caulk and weatherstrip removal , or other projects that do n't require a perfect blade . Sometimes I resharpen blades . Even a crude resharpening job works for many tasks . I make my own scrapers by cutting dollar store putty knives in half and punching arbor holes in them . In a pinch , a Harbor Freight saw blade for miniature table saws will cut plastics . Finally , when I burn the edges of the hood-and-loop detail sanding heads , I cut them into specialty shapes and use them for even more detailed work -LRB- I bet Fein will , eventually , be selling other versions of their sanding heads -RRB- .
 Paint scraper I give a B . The saw blade fit into a tight spot and cut nails in seconds . But the number of times you are going to use it verus price . I would think two or three times before I baught it again .
 Great detail sander.Only tool to cut straight into wood with out a circular cutting blade.Safe tool .
 I just bought this tool back in december 04 . originally to cut baseboard against the wall to trim for wider casing . worked great . now I use it to sand crown corners and all types of trim work . it works great to remove a little excess to flush up cuts . I now use this tool every week.get this set with the metal caring case . it is well worth it.kreg
 I 've tried various shaped sanders and own a Black and Decker Mouse . Although one of the extra shaped attachments wore through the sandpaper too fast , I would rate this ultra expensive tool as far superior to anything else I have used . Very smooth and worth the money if you can afford it ; the Mercedes-Benz among it 's peers .
 I 've drill-chisle-saw cut random board patterns replacing old floor heating registers or walls and where cabinets have been removed just prior to refinishing hardwood floors for years , the multimaster paid for itself in one good sized repair job . It seems to be well built , durable , and very ... adaptable . It did a great job , and did the work a lot safer ! Combined with common sense , and a metal detetector to prolong the blades , -LRB- nails -RRB- , I toothed out probably 70 + square feet of flooring and I am still using the same blade . Multimaster was one tool among others I use , but it really speeds the job up , and reduces physical stress on your body at the end of the day ! I recommend it to professional hardwood floor specialsts .
 I bought this to sand saw marks out of detail areas . It sands white oak smooth with no problem . . very little vibration . I am a very picky woodworker , and I am really happy with this sander . It is pretty expensive , but I will get my money 's worth over time . I also own two Fein vacuums . . anything they sell is top notch . .
 Purchased this tool for my husband for christmas . He absolutely loves it . Has saved him a lot of time and made jobs alot easier . Its one christmas present I know he will not be returning or exchanging .
 I bought this tool because of my need to remove grout in a tile floor . This tool was awesome . It made the job easy as it vibrated thru the old grout . I ran it an entire day with no issues . The grout blade is still in great shape - after 8 straight hours of use ! It was worth the money . Had I removed the grout by had , it wold have taken 10 to 20 times as long.The optional blades for cutting metal , wood and other materials work very well . I plan to use this tool a lot .
 I bought this item from another source because I think this price is a bit much . If you look around there are places to purchase it more reasonably . I have n't used the sander yet but the scraper is excellent . I used it to remove several layers of paint from very old wood and it did the trick with no effort . We orginally bought it to cut jams for laying laminate floors and if you need a flush cut saw this is the one . It will cut through 60 year old California fir with no splitting , chipping , or damage to the wood and no effort on the users part . If you have used a flush cut hand saw laying on the floor you will know how great this is .
 Easy to handel , very little vibration . With a low sound level . It is quite industrious to detail that is enjoyable to use .
 USED THE FEIN GROUT BLADE TO REMOVE GROUT , WHEN I HAD TO REPLACE CERAMIC BASE . IT PREFORMED WAY ABOVE EXPECTATION .
 We were replacing a filter grille without hinges -LRB- this one has hinges -RRB- , our filter was in the ceiling of a hallway . We wanted a grille with hinges , so it would be easier to replace filter . The grille we received is good quality and easy to install .
 I needed it for a few holes . I have a weird house that has a concrete floor supported by tiles and steel bar instead of plywood and joists . It is solid but a pain to run wires and pipes from the basement to the first floor . This bit was perfect with a deWalt hammer drill to get a long hole made to run some wire from a bedroom downstairs , so i could wire in an electric baseboard heater . Would recommend , it took about 2 minutes to get through , which i consider to be very fast for that task . would buy again if ever need a different size also !
 I 've been buying Bosch bits from Home Depot . Generally , drilling concrete , I was lucky to sink four holes before the bit became bent and useless -LRB- they would bend long before they became dull -RRB- . These bits are considerably less expensive and a better quality . If you have a similar problem , you might give these a try . I 'm happy .
 When I was considering purchasing one of these I could n't find whether or not it had a set screw installed . Having gotten one , I now know that it does have a set screw . So in case anybody else is wondering ... now you know .
 I got this pulley for my project ... I attached with timing belt and motors together . It works perfectly . I got all the parts from same seller . They all coming in same package , it helps me alot . I had all the parts I need .
 These balldrivers are made in the USA and are of excellent quality . I have these and also the L-shaped . These are the best you can buy .
 These Hex Driver are quality built and have a great feel in the hand . Shafts are thick and rigid enough to withstand the torquing required to loosen a tough bolt , even on the small 2.5 mm drivers in the metric set . You get what you pay for in these Bondhus drivers . You want cheaper - go to Harbor Freight and buy some Chinese knock-off that will strip the head of every nut you have . If you appreciate quality made tools buy this `` Made in the USA '' product and support our country and your toolbox will be happy !!
 A friend has a similar set from Bondhus but his has a nifty case where the set fits . Well made , very solid , practical , use them a ton - just a pain to carry them around individually and wish they 'd charge me more , but include a case for them to neatly fit into !
 I purchased these to work on a 1/5 scale radio controled car . They work very well and seem to have great quality .
 i by alot of tools for my staff and i am very picky ubout quality and i must say these are very good so far.we use allen wrenches alot and these are a welcome addition .
 This gouge required some light honing and it was ready to go . It works very well for removing maple from a violin plate .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Ordered replacement blades for our Fein MultiMaster tool that is used quite frequently . After searching for the best price available to us , we chose ordering from Amazon . Super fast shipping and smooth transaction rates Amazon at the top of our list for ordering many items that our company uses .
 While the blades are expensive relative to other types of blades on the market , the Fein Multimaster and the blades offered allow for tasks that other tools simply can not do . I recently had an old roof decking board -LRB- slats , not plywood -RRB- warp causing a big hump on my roof . As it turned out , this was from water getting in from a bad repair before . With the Fein and the E-cut blades , I was able to cut out the warped section of board from inside the attic and replace it with a new section of board without cutting into adjacent boards and without damaging the shingles . This kept me from having to remove and replace shingles and roofing felt unnecessarily . I also used the scraper blade to remove huge amounts of caulk along the edges of a shower/tub unit that looked like someone just slapped the stuff onto the surface . The profile sanding kit made really quick work of a contoured edge of some night tables . It would have taken at least an hour of non-stop hand sanding to do the two tables . With the Fein , it took about two minutes per table , if that . People have been amazed at how good the tables look given how bad they looked before with the old , ratty paint they had and it 's not like I had experience . These were my first furniture pieces that I refinished . Yes , the Fein Multimaster and accessories are not cheap but they will save you a lot of time and a lot of cussing which make them priceless to me .
 Yes , the blades are expensive but with careful use , they provide reasonable longivity . Fein products are of absolute high quality . The Multi-Master and blades provide cutting solutions where other tool manufacturers provide none . I used this blade to trim the bottoms of doorstops when installing a new hardwood floor . The blade cuts cleanly and is easily controlled to avoid damaging the door frame when trimming the bottom of the door stops .
 No need to review theses blades . If you own the Fein MM , then you know how they are . Aside from the fact that Fein blades are overpriced in general , I thought this prices was fair and better than what I found on Ebay . I also like that guys idea to recut the blades using a Dremel . Imagine that , using one overpriced cutting blade to resharpen another overpriced cutting blade . No , I 'm not bitter , it is what it is .
 Everything came in in great time and was packaged very well . The price on it was great also . Just as listed .
 I have been a carpenter for over 30 yrs and have used the fien tool for many different jobs , undercut doojambs for flooring , repairs on windows , and on and on , WAY before they had the `` tv thing '' , i must have 1000s of hours on this tool , and the only bitch i have also is the blades are expensive , thats the american way `` what ever the market will bear '' why do you think that all the others are makeing a copy cat ? i realy dont think ANY of them will last as long as the fien
 Fein is the best tool ever !! The blades are some what expensive but in the end totally worth it .
 Fein MultiMaster FMM 250Q TopThere are other cheaper Fein Multimaster clones out there but this tool is far better in performance and quality than most others . Its worth it to me to pay a higher price . I got my first Multimaster in 1988 -LRB- before it was called Multimaster -RRB- and it lasted , with extensive use , until 2005 . I repair boats and this tool has done many jobs . I have both the original `` Multimaster '' and the new lever action one . I expect both tools will outlast me . I give this tool 5 + stars .
 There is nothing like OEM blades from Fein . These three pack are the most economical I have found . The transaction went as smooth as ever and I received the product sooner than anticipated . Thanks
 Arrived very quickly and as promised . A good value buy . A smooth and hassle free purchase
 This was my first Amazon purchase . It was received quickly in the shape it was promised . Awesome !
 I just finished a large flooring repair with my new Fein Multitool using the E-Cut blade that came with the machine . I am cutting through hardened 110 year old Oak and hit a number of nails in the 6 hours of cutting and the blade looks like new . Just like any tool you have to be patient and work with the material . All tools will dull when getting too hot and pushing hard . Keep your multitool on the lowest vibration setting needed to cut the material and let the bit cool when you see material getting hot . If this is happening frequently ask yourself if this is it the right bit or tool for the job ? Is chip removal a problem ? etc. . . You will find your machine and bits will last for a very long time and the job will ultimately get done faster if you follow these simple rules . - Steve
 Excellent for close quarters work , such as ; Removing studs from prefabricated construction walls were the studs are nailed from under the sole and nailed above the top plates . Cutting out sections of studs in the center of a partition wall without cutting or damaging the back wall , for example a phone hutch , recessed dish , ect . . . all of this in close quarters . I could go on all day with examples from just the last three months .
 great product but too expensivestill for my money nothing like the multimaster for all your home improvement projects - no other hand held tool I know of can make such precise cutsuniversal blades hold up much better than the wood blades which dull much too quicklysave your cuts for wood though because -LRB- even a common nail -RRB- metal makes the dull almost immediatelyeven so its the most useful power tool out there and I probably use it just as much as a power drill
 First of all ... ignore most if not all of the bad reviews.Most bad reviews complain about the cost ... . the blades used to be VERY expensive!I 've used dozens of these blades and never had a weld or blade failure.The workmanship issues mentiioned are unacceptable and should be reported to Amazon or the mfr.Since the advent of knockoff / copycat blades , Fein dropped their price considerably . -LRB- from like $ 160 per 10pk to $ 80 per 10pk -RRB- Pro tips here :1 -RRB- The blades are NOT metal cutting blades , they 're meant to handle the `` occasional '' nail .2 -RRB- DO NOT ALLOW THE BLADE TO OVERHEAT ... ever ! . . either during a wood cut or a nail cut.I keep a wet rag handy , withdraw the blade from the cut and cool the blade OFTEN!I can get a blade to last a LONG time even in a heavy cutting situation.Overheat the blade & say goodbye to your $ 's !
 I wonder how I ever got along with out it . It does many things that no other tool can do . Down side is it is pretty pricey and brand specific .
 Keep finding more jobs for the tool hardly ever use Roto Xip anymore , would probably be lost without this tool .
 These last 10 times longer than off brands ! I tried off brands but they did n't last any time at all . In fact I was changing blades every few minutes where as one of these lasted through the whole remainder of the project .
 Great product , worked great , loved it , fast shipping , wonderful to own and have around when needed for many jobs around the house
 i bought it to replace the one that i used . fein is a great tool but i would consider bying china made accessories to go with my fein . Cheaper !! I bought the fein accessories because it was my brothers ' fein machine and the blade was finishso i remplaced it by the same one .
 I love my Fein and was disappointed when I broke my only 5/8 universal blade . I was very happy to find the 3-pack available through Amazon . Their variety of products available continues to amaze me .
 Fein MultiMaster FMM 250Q TopFein is expensive , but worth the money ! When you pick up the tool it has some weight to it that I translate into high quality and heavy duty . I am truely impressed by this product and have recommended this to my friends that ask what I thought about it . There is no other competition out there . The only additional purchase from the kit was the Universal E-Cut Blade , 3 Pack .
 The product we ordered for our fein product -LRB- tool -RRB- was just what we wanted and the price was very good . Thank you
 These blades work great and last a long time , even when cutting through aged wood and nails .
 Great product , way too expensive . Would use tool more if the replacement blade wer n't so expensive .
 If you do not have a Fein multi master , get on line and order one . This is an awesome tool and blows away the others . Especially if you are a contractor , the similar tools are more a handy man around the house tool where the Fein is a contractor ready tool
 I have used this tool in a variety of applications and was very pleased . The concept , construction , blade changing , instructions , and general quality are high . But like other reviewers , I feel that it is overpriced , at least for non-professional users , who would be happy with a lesser quality tool . Perhaps the greatest problem is the high price of blades and other accessories.If it and the blades last 10 years , though , I will feel very satisfied .
 The blades that came with the tool worked great , but they wore out after much cutting . These really were a big help .
 all the other alternatives work fine on wood and plastic but Fein 's blades are still best on pipe and metal , but even then , the blade moves so fast , even being really careful , you will probably only get a single cut unless you are just cutting nails under siding or something .
 You ca n't beat a fein product ... I had had the multi-tool for over 20 years ... it is as tough as nails . It does things that other tools only dream about and blades like this make it possible .
 they cost more and last longer , the cheaper ones fall apart , the bulk packs are the only way to go
 I previously posted a review while I checked on the different imprint I saw on these blades versus the ` normal ' Metal + Wood -LRB- with Metall + Holz also imprinted on the blade -RRB- . I now find on the Fein web site that the different logo on the blades I received is also genuine . So I am updating my review . The photo on Amazon.com should be updated to avoid confusion . But the blades are indeed genuine .
 These cut very well and quickly . Much better than expected . I will be purchasing more of this product . Very easy to install and stable .
 Fein makes very nice equipment , when I bought mine , it was the only thing like it on the market . I knew I was paying way too much , but needed this tool to accomplish a special job.The MultiMaster pretty much goes on every job with me , so I can not complain about its usefulness or flexibility.However , I know that similar tools are being sold for one-fourth the cost by first rate manufacturers.My hope is that someone will also compete in the blade department , offering as good a blade for a more reasonable price.One of the things I was using this blade for was to cut off too-long nails that roofers had used , not a problem in the attic , but in cabins and `` fairy-book houses '' there is no soffit to hide the penetrations . Question -- why do n't roofers use the proper length nails/staples ? In the same neighborhood , a homeowner was dealing with penetrations through 2 '' tongue-and-groove in his Frank Loyd Wright home . No excuse for the kind of damage these incompetent roofers do.Anyway , this blade cuts the excess off flush without too much damage to the bottom of the sheathing . Cutting off these nails does consume blades , however , so the cost of blades is significant.Again , I hope someone makes blades to be fully interchangeable soon .
 This is my most used Fein blade and it is good to know that Amazon is an affordable place to buy them . The cost of Fein blades is so high that it is often my tool of last resort . When needed , it is the perfect tool . Just remember cutting a stainless steel fastener will destroy this blade in one or two uses . I 've found that local lumber yards are simply horrible places to buy any blade , especially Fein blades . I 've seen this blade for over $ 20.00 each . I will never buy them locally and will stop using the tool if I can not source the blades for a reasonable price . Even with a great price from Amazon , the blades are still expensive to use . They should only be about $ 3 - $ 4 each . Then I 'd use the Multimaster all the time , but until then , if there is an alternative , I 'll go with the alternative .
 I use the Fein Multimaster almost daily in my contracting business , and have found it to be one of the most useful tools on my truck . I use it primarily for cutting out areas of wood rot , and it does this with almost surgical precision ! In my opinion , the Universal E Cut blades are a significant improvement over the other E Cut blades that have a Japanese saw tooth pattern . The tooth pattern on the Universal Blade looks similar to a hacksaw blade , but even with the smaller teeth it seems to cut through wood more quickly than the larger Japanese pattern . The Universal Blades are also less expensive , and will cut through nails you encounter with ease . The other more expensive E Cut blades shatter when you are unlucky enough to encounter a nail , brick or concrete surface . I would like to see Fein offer some wider versions of this superior blade design , and re-evaluate their pricing strategy for all of their blades .
 The Fein Multi Master is a great tool for getting the job done in awkward situations . The blades cost too much and I would like to see after market reasonably priced blades available .
 Several reviews complain about the exorbitant cost of the blades for the Fein Multimaster . I compleatly agree with this . My solution was to start making my own . I bought a replacement dozuki blade , cut it in to three sections , welded each section to a piece of 16 gauge metal in which I had drilled the proper mounting hole . This week I was doing tile work so I bought a tungsten carbide hacksaw blade , cut off a couple inches and welded this piece of 16 gauge . These blades work Great ! and at a small fraction of the cost Fein expects to get .
 The Fein machine is the most versatile tool I have . The blades I purchased for it do what they claim to do -- cut right through wood , laminates , drywall , and light metals . I wiuld have given them a five-star rating , but the pricing on these blades held me back . Great tool , but Fein has to do something about the cost of the blades .
 Amazon has the best price I 've seen for these , but why , why does Fein charge so much for these ?
 These blades work great for making cuts where no other tool can go . They produce a very clean edge in wood an can go through a nail if you find one hidden in the wood . The ability to plunge straight into the work in a controlled manner is great . A bit pricey , but worth the money when you would otherwise be stuck in a tight corner .
 As a remodeler and handyman , this producet can save countless hours of labor . It cuts through wood and hidden nails , screws and staples . Cutting out interior panels and hardware in built-in cabinets is made possible by by these unique blades . My only gripe , and it 's a big one , is the price -- $ 75 for 3 blades . I 've learned to be very careful not to use them when another tool will do the job . Even though they are made to cut through metal , striking a relatively thick nail , screw or bolt will ruin the blade very quickly . So if what you 're cutting is easy to get to , use your sawzall .
 The Bi-metal blades are expensive but a better value . Buying in bulk saves $ $ $ . This tool is amazing when you need it . My key to success is not use it unless nothing else will work as well . As blades are pricey but effective
 I do n't know why Fein makes it hard to figure this out , but the `` Universal '' blades are the ones made from bimetal . They are rated to cut all materials shown on the package - plastic , wood , metal , etc.The blades are pricey but they do last and you just ca n't beat a Fein saw when you have to get in to cut something at close quarters - great from trimming a PVC fitting off without wasting any pipe , I have used mine to plunge cut into an oak hardwood floor to insert recessed floor registers - looks really beautiful - there is no other saw that could do that .
 I really like - And get a lot of use out of my Fein Multi-tool . But ... the blades are expensive.This blade is clearly marked `` Wood '' and `` Metal '' ... But if you read the tool intruction book/flyer - You 'll find out it 's only for certain kinds of metal.Nails - Even small nails - Are n't included.I found our the hard way ... $ 50 - $ 60 later.Still ... It 's a great tool - And this bade is a `` must have '' - Plus a spare .
 This was the best price I could find for these blades but they are still way more than they are worth . Wish someone else would come out with a replacement to create some competition for these folks . I should probably buy stock in their company and get wealthy like them !
 Never had a tool that could do as much as this can . These blades are amazing in cutting out windows to be replaced .
 The cost of replacement blades for oscillating tools is akin to the ink cartridge scam of ink-jet printers . You have no choice but to pay premium prices or your expensive tool is useless . That being said , these are the best priced blades I could find , so at least I feel I got the best deal while still being scammed .
 This saw was giving to me as a present and it is the most amazing tool that I own now.I have ordered several blades for it and all of them are just what I need to get the job done.I would recommend It to anyone .
 They are very good in cutting small wood pieces like moldings & trims . they are also good in cutting plastic and PVC materials . The blades do not last too long , if you hit nails in the cutting process . I have been using the Fein E-cut blades for over 3-years , and they provided me with very good srevice .
 I bought the FINE MULTIMASTER with a specific flooring job in mind . Before I could get to the floor , I had a water pipe break in a place that I could n't get a small tubing cutter into . The E-Cut blade and the Multimaster helped me do the job in minutes instead of hours ... . If I had to call a plumber , his bill would have paid for the tool & blades half again over . I 'm already money ahead and I have n't gotten to the floor yet ! . : -RRB-
 If you have the Fein mini saw you need these blades ! They hold up great and nothing cuts trim in place like them !
 This and its Master Fein tool are excellent products . I am a contractor and fix and built homes . This is an amazing tool excellent for cutting / trimming things that are nearly impossible with other tools . Also it 's much stronger and reliable and solid than brand names such as dremmel and others , and this applies to either the Fein Multimaster which is the tool itself and/or the blades and other attachments . Also this was initially used only by craftsmen who worked in boats -LRB- it was very expensive -RRB- , now it is very afordable.I highly recommend this product.Fein FMM 250Q START MultiMaster Oscillating Tool and Sander with Quick-In
 This product is fantastic , the blades cut through floor boards like a knife through butter , and as for nails they are no match for these fantastic blades , and to top it off I would have had to pay three times the amount.So thanks again AMAZON and thank you FIEN for a very fine product .
 These replacement blades work just as expected , and Amazon had the best pricing . I will buy these again from Amazon in the future .
 These blades last a very long time if you stick to cutting wood . First time I cut a nail it was pretty much done . To be fair it had lasted a long time before the nail . As much as these cost I 'd much rather use my jigsaw with metal cutting blades or a hacksaw .
 These blades are made for the Fein , so they fit , I have tried a universal blade and it would not fit the saw . The price was right compared to buying them off the shelf . This is the blade I use the most on projects .
 I like this blade for general cutting . It cuts most materials , some better than others . It is convenient when doing simple household repairs since you do not have to change blades to cut wood , plastic , light metal , conduit metal or PVC etc. . The occassional nail while cutting a floor joist or rafter for home improvement is no problem . The price of the blades is the only drawback for me . Wm.
 I generally use these blades to cut wood . I also purchased the blades designed only to cut only wood , but these are thicker , proving a straighter , more predictable cut . Once completely shot , they canBe used to cut drywall and plaster . These are my favorite .
 These blades are stronger than I expected from reading previous reviews . Those reviews , and the price of the blades , is what kept me from getting a Fein in the first place . At arond $ 15 dollars a blade they are expensive but still worth it because of the tools versatility . I am replacing a plywood subfloor . Its 5 ply , .5 '' doug fir . I started out using the Fein for the first 8 feet before I rented a toe kick saw . The kick saw worked well , but was n't deep enough and left the last ply uncut . I used the Fein to cut the remaining ply for the 40 some feet of floor that I was doing and the corners where the kick saw would n't reach . I was also using the Fein for a few floor vent cutouts in the new 3/4 '' floorboard . All in all I estimate one blade lasts for around 20 '' of the .5 '' subfloor . The blade never broke ; it just got slow enough so that I had to replace the blade . Some people were having problems with the blade breaking . Not a problem for me . If the price was lower the blades would have gotten 5 stars .
 I purchased my Fein Multimaster a couple of years ago at The Woodworking Show in Baltimore . I 've used it quite a bit and , to me , it 's one of the best tools I own -LRB- and I own a LOT of tools -RRB- . The current crop of reviews I am reading about the Universal E-Cut blades would indicate they break/wear out rather quickly . Only within the last 30 days did I finally wear mine out -LRB- after two years -RRB- and that was because I was using it to try and cut cement board !!! Not too successful with that one . Wore the teeth off of the blade in short order . Now looking to replace that particular series of blade . I 've not used any other blade on this machine but it could and did cut everything I put in front of it , including nails with no problem . Not sure what so many others are buying/using for that particular blade and perhaps I will be disappointed when I buy their replacements but I doubt it . I admit , they can be expensive which is why I shop first at Amazon for about 90 % of everything . Amazon has a good price for the three blade pack and that 's probably where I will purchase them . Today is another Woodworking Show in Baltimore so I 'll compare . But as for the tool itself , still consider it to be one of the best most useful tools I own and as for that blade , well it 's proven its worth over the two years I 've used it .
 After purchasing the Multimaster kit with multiple accessories , I was a little reluctant to use the E-cut blade for anything but wood . After a short time of usage , it was clear that I would need to cut through some nail embedded wood . I was shocked to see that blade was still sharp as new . I was sold immediately . I purchased additional blades only after I unknowingly cut through a couple drywall screws in a counter top . The blades ' teeth wore down from being razor-sharp to an almost toothless state . Believe it or not , I still use the blade when I 'm not sure what is embedded in the wood and it still cuts ! My suggestion for long life would be to avoid any hardened metal such as drywall screws , cut nails , etc and you 'll be happy with these blades .
 Work great in many tight places . Blades work best at med . speed otherwise they tend to burn product being cut through . They are pretty pricey though .
 As a residential contractor I use these blades quite often to get into tight areas that a sawzaw is too large or aggressive . The blades offer excellent control in every situation . They provide fine finish results when under cutting door jambs or sectioning wood window sills . The primary reason I scored these blades a 4 v. 5 is because of the price . At $ 70 - $ 80 for a three pack , you want to steer clear of nails . Although they are rated to cut wood and metal , nails will dull the blades quickly .
 For anyone who has been in the need for a tool that will do precisely as described then this is the one . . I had a RotoZip tool that I used with minimal results and with the cost of the blades and their limited life span I was glad to find this tool . If you ever had the need to do a flush cut or a plunge cut through a 2x4 or a stair tread I would suggest giving this tool a try . I now use it for just about any type of cutting , sanding or scraping .
 The TV ad makes it look simple and the Fein Multi-purpose tool does as promised . This tool is a unique addition to the tool box . The one thing not stated is the cost of the replacement blades and the length of use time . I attached a new blade and tried to cut off a nail that was in concreate in a room I was remolding . Bad choice , in less than a minute all the teeth on the blade were missing and the nail did not have a scratch on it . I checked to make sure the blade was for metal and not wood ... . it was the correct blade , stating cutting metal items on the blade . The blade was totally useless , so I figured , I would just buy some replacements . The cost of individual blades is ridiculous as are most of the Fein attachments . This is a great tool , but replacement blades should be much less expensive or be able to last through several jobs .
 While many complain of how easy blades wear out , this is a blade that can do many things if you do not over push it and just let it cut on its own . Being the narrowest of the blades you can get it into tighter places than the wider ones and it will cut through wood faster . Be carefull as there is one that looks the same but is wider and not as easy to use . This blade has enabled me to do some work that could not be done any other way . My favorite out of all the blades . I do not go to any job without it . Daniel
 I purchased a Rockwell SoniCrafter tool for its plungecutting capabilities to relace rotted portions of my outdoor cedar deck . I used the SoniCrafter Universal cutting blade for the first repairs and I purchased the Fein Universal E-cut blade for some subsequent repairs . I used both blades for cutting wood and nails . I found that the SoniCrafter blade dulled quickly when cutting nails and it became unusable for even wood after a few nails . It seemed to me that the Fein blade lased longer and would continue cutting after cutting nails . I would be interested in the experiences of others as these blades are not inexpensive.Rockwell RK5101K SoniCrafter Tool Kit , 37-PieceFein MultiMaster FMM 250Q Top Variable Speed Sanding and Scraping/Cutting Tool with Case
 I used these blades to cut 1/8th by 1 inch angle aluminum to trim stairs and wood hatch covers on a boat . They worked so well that the shops welder and my boss both went out and bought their own multimasters . It would be cool if these blades lasted a little longer but they leave such a clean finished product for metal trim that they are worth every penny .
 I use this attachment more than any other for my multi-master . For home repairs , it 's great for being able to trim wood in tight places without having to remove it . Good example
 The Fein tool is a great product ! These blades work fine for most jobs .
 Blades work great when undercutting door jambs , cutting into flooring , sheetrock , removing windows , and framing . Will cut thru nails and aluminum window frames when encountered . Would like to see them at a lower price , but the time saved and the ease of cutting are worth the cost .
 There is nothing out there like this . The Fein blades do last well but are expensive for what they are . Dremel are brining out a similar multi-function tool that is more reasonably priced and might be worth checking out but having the right tool for the right job will always save you time and this fits that description .
 Blades were just what i thought they were . Price was cheapest i could find anywhere , shipping was good .
 The Fein replacement blades are so expensive ; but they work . Have been unable to find another product that does the job as Fein . Unique expensive product that works .
 I bought the pneumatic multimaster from toolmart for a great price but after shopping for blades this was a fantastic deal and these blades are worth even the higher price . I 'm working on enclosing my back porch and I have been cutting nails , plastic molding , wood with the first blade out of the pack and have n't even broke any teeth yet . The blades are pricy but they do hold up .
 These blades are amazing . I highly recommend this tool and especially these blades . The multimaster is the most universal remodeling tool I have ever used . The only complaint is the cost of the blades . They cut wood with ease but be cautious with metals . If you force the cut and do n't let it cut at its own speed you will damage the blade .
 When I first purchase the MM , I did n't really know what to expect , having first seen it on a TV infomercial . I was afraid I would end up with another useless gadget ; however , the flush cutting ability is something we frequently need -LRB- I am a building contractor -RRB- so I thought I would take a chance.Boy was I pleasantly surprised ; this is a professional quality tool . We 've used it more than we thought we might and it has paid for itself many times over.These E-Cut blades are valuable wood cutting accessories , giving us the ability to do things none of our other tools do very well . They generally last a long time too , unless you do what one of my guys did and use it to cut plaster and wire lath instead of one of the more suitable blades . It did cut even this material well until he wore all the teeth off of it ! Anyway , that was our fault , not the tools!In conclusion , great tool , super blades ! Highly recommended !
 I love the Fein machine and these blades.They worked great trimming off base boards and moldings while I was remodeling my dad 's bedroom . The blades got dull very fast however when cutting across brads or small nails .
 These are great for cutting into 2x4 studs , since they can cut both metal and wood . With all of the remodeling that I am doing , I ca n't live without these blades . They get those hidden nails and make removing small or rotten sections of wood easy .
 I own a Fein tool and really like the tool . I am always using it for everyday home remodeling . This thing is one of the most useful tools I own . Although I must say that at $ 15.00 per blade , it can get quite expensive to operate , but it is worth it . I recently found that Sears makes a blade that will fit the Fein at HALF the price and are of the same quality , they dull quickly to , but no worse than that of Fein . I recently stocked up on the Sears blades , no more Fein blades for me . Maybe Fein will get the message and lower their prices . Thanks Fein for the great idea , but you are too pricy !
 Fein is not for everyday cutting , but the tool to use for those hard to get places . This blade fits into those confined areas and makes short work of it .
 Product works well with the Fein . Basically it is a hacksaw blade . I use it because currently it is the only bi-metal blade available for cuttting metal -LRB- i.e. nails , metal studs , wire , ... -RRB- . These blades are very expensive and will hopefully go down inprice when the patent expires and there are other bi-metal blades available .
 Depending on what your cutting and the frequency of use , these blades do the trick !
 blades cut nice but i think thecutting blade should be more solided welded to the frame holder
 I love my Fein tool but the price of replacement blades is out of sight . This source provides quality blades at a reasonable price .
 I purchased my fein multimaster about a year ago . It has become an indespensible took - the only drawback was the cost of the blades . This ten pack makes it much more practical .
 I own a Fein tool and have recently purchased the replacement blades -LRB- narrow E-cut -RRB- . The Fein tool is made with quality/durability and can do wonders , especially for finish work . The narrow E-cut blades are great and work very well when cutting wood , drywall , plastic , and some thin-gauge metals . However , the blades are a little pricey . I have seen ` knock-off ' blades for a better price , but have not purchased out of concern for lack of quality/durability .
 good tool when it is needed but the blades are still pricey . So like many other carpenters i use them sparingly and use the sawzall as much as possible . . when it is needed they do the job !!!!!!
 I have had cheaper versions of channel locks but they just dont work as well or grip as good . I like a bargain too but in this case stick to the name brand ! I recently pulled up carpet and they were a lifesaver pulling out all the nails and staples . The cheaper version just kept slipping and just would n't pull the staples and nails out properly . Its not really that much more but totally worth it in my opinion .
 If your good USA-made tools have wondered off over the years due to children , family , friends etc like mine , this set may fill a partial void . It has for me.Several &#8216; home brand &#8217; manufactures have copped into outsourcing offshore &#8230; Call it what you like , I &#8217; ll label it greed &#8230; . Something to beware of
 I needed a 1 '' wrench to use with my Dillon RL550 reloading press and dies . This wrench works just fine . Seems like a quality item .
 I thought my 50 year old compressor was down with.This was a perfect replacement for my old pressure switch . Works great !
 Bondhus tools are great . I 've been using them for years and love 'em . When I bought these ball drivers from Amazon I thought I was getting a great deal because the picture lead me to believe it came with a holder . The Bondhus holder is one of the things that make a Bondhus set really nice . Be aware you do n't get one here .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 I looked all over for this item since our original part in our RV shower had broke . I was glad that this replacement had less plastic pieces and stronger swivel part to hold the showerhead upright . I just wish the swiveling pinhole was metal and not plastic as I expect it will eventually break like the previous part .
 This item was just what I was looking for . I still have the older pin connectors in my shower for alternative placing of the showerhead . This pin was the right size , inexpensive , yet durable . It does the job .
 This item mates with the Delta Faucet U4301-PK : Delta Faucet U4301-PK Universal Showering Components Shower Arm Pin Mount , ChromeThe swivel connector is chrome plated plastic , but lasts for years . The old one it replaced lasted nearly 18 years , and I expect to get at least as much from this replacement . I ordered a second one , just to be sure.The illustration is not that great , but the chrome plated product I received is as advertised and looks great .
 Looked all over for the part and was glad to find not a part but one that worked so very well . Appears to be made of solid material that will last a long time .
 When I was considering purchasing one of these I could n't find whether or not it had a set screw installed . Having gotten one , I now know that it does have a set screw . So in case anybody else is wondering ... now you know .
 I got this pulley for my project ... I attached with timing belt and motors together . It works perfectly . I got all the parts from same seller . They all coming in same package , it helps me alot . I had all the parts I need .
 My buddy has one of these and I thought it time to get my own . Works great in a drill press for cutting felt dust seals for old tractors . It makes nice gaskets too . They come out looking very professional . Not a tool you use everyday but when you need it , it 's nice to have . General 's quality is good , stays set to dimensions you want .
 I have had the previous model -LRB- TB25CS -RRB- for about 5 years now . The new model looks the same to me . You got to use fresh gas these days . Drain the gas out of the tank if you put the trimmer away for the season.After filling with fresh fuel/oil mixPump the primer button 10X . Put the choke on.Pull start.If it does not start try putting a little throttle . -LRB- Be sure the choke does not reset -RRB- Only apply a little throttle after it starts.Gradually increase the throttle until the choke resets . -LRB- If it dies try again with less throtle for a minute or two -RRB- Very slowly increase engine speed.Until the engine is hot , increase revs slowly.Arm fatigue can be reduced by adjusting the forward grip . Take the tool with you and try several positions when trimming .
 I purchased this troy-Built TB20CS trimmer after my Toro brand finally gave up . I am very pleased with this new trimmer . Started up right out of the box on the second pull and on the first pull after it was hot . Very light to use -LRB- for me -RRB- for long trim work . I no longer have the problem of my arm touching a HOT surface as this unit is better designed to keep the hot areas away from contact . I am very happy with this trimmer and the price I paid with free shipping through Amazon .
 Pleased with the quick delivery . This trimmer is more powerful than my old Ryobi . It was easy to assemble to get started at wacking the weeds .
 After two weeks of reading reviews , talking to friends , checking consumer reports , and comparing many different units , I finally decided on the Troy-bilt TB20CS . I bought it from Lowes for $ 98.99 . When I got home , I put it together . Took about 10 minutes . I put gas into it and read the fairly easy starting instructions . It started right up . I took it behind the fence in my back yard and started chopping away . It works like a dream . Ten times better on the 3 foot high weeds , than my old electric trimmer . It 's a little heavier than my electric , but not too bad . Great power , good balance . It 's so well balanced , that sometimes I let go with my left hand and just held it with one hand . I told my wife I should have bought one of these ten years ago . All I can say is `` I love it ! ''
 in short , easy assembly , starts right up , kicks grass all over feet ... other posters mentioned different rotation than most trimmers ... i do n't know . great for my 5 minute trim work every week .
 Due to the weight of the trimmer you will need to add a sling . That is why I will only give this item four stars . The line is used up very fast which requires constant loading of the spool . The trimmer is easy to start .
 If you are in the market for an entry level -LRB- $ 120 or less -RRB- gas powered string trimmer , the Troy Bilt TB20CS has to be at the top of your list.After much research , I chose this item over all the rest . My reasoning was as follows :1 -RRB- . The TB20CS receives the most 4 and 5 star ratings of any entry level trimmer , both here as well as other review web sites .2 -RRB- . It has a 31 CC engine , as opposed to 25 CC engines found on many of the competitive trimmers . That 's 22 % more power capacity .3 -RRB- . It uses .095 trimmer cord , which takes a heavier beating than the thinner cord in some of the competition .4 -RRB- . This baby has a clutch . Some of the competition does not bother with this , I prefer that my cutting line comes to a stop when I feather the throttle back to idle .5 -RRB- . I like the split shaft that allows me the option to use other tools .6 -RRB- . Standard dual line bump head spool provides twice the cutting action as some of the single line competitors .7 -RRB- . It includes the Speedlock fixed line spool for no added charge .8 -RRB- . Cost
 When my old trimmer finally wore out after 17 years of perfect service I decided to buy another one just like it rather than repair it . The old brand has changed and this is as close as I could get to my `` old friend . '' I could not be happier ! It is very similar to my old one but starts even easier . All of my old attachements fit it and work perfectly . I am very happy with this trimmer and would recommend it to everyone .
 I 've had this trimmer for about a 18 mos . now and have just purchased the edger attachment . I did so thinking that maybe the trimmer might die on me after a year . Because of the reliability I decided to plunk down the $ 70 dollars for the edger attachment and am even twice as pleased ! My El Toro lawn had about 5 years of edge growth . The trimmer had sort of a tough time initially but that was understandable . The lawn looks great now and I 'd recommend this trimmer to anyone looking for value and convenience . I 'd definitely purchase again !
 After looking at various gas powered trimmers all priced over a $ 100 , I was kind of hesitant considering the price , but overall it turned out to be a great product . A bonus is the edger which can be purchased as an attachment saving on the cost of buying a separate edger .
 Easy to assemble . Great for trimming along fences . Not as great for edging without an optional attachment . Good value for the price .
 We are clearing 10 acres in Texas . My wife , 2 sons and me.We bought 2 and so far so good . Heavy use every day . You clean the air filter at 10 hours . So we can have 1 down for maintenance and the other in operation . I have n't found any replacement air filters yet . A circular spongey looking thing ... if parts not available maybe it should be a 4 star . But she seems to chop the grass A-OK . I have replaced the orange cutter cord twice . At $ 60 each , I mean that is a very good deal !
 So , I happened across one of these at a yard sale -LRB- or garage sale , or tag sale , depending on where you live -RRB- for $ 40 . It looked damn near new , so after inspecting it , starting it and listening to it , I bought it . I find changing the line SUPER EASY using the snap lock style head , I can not comment on the bump head as it was not furnished . The motor is more than generous at 31cc 's , but BE WARNED ... GET YOUR GAS/OIL MIX RIGHT ! This is a 40:1 ratio trimmer , which means that for your standard 2.5 gallon gas can , the required amount of 2-cycle oil is 8 fluid ounces ... for a 1 gallon gas can the right mix is 3.2 fluid ounces ... for a 5 gallon gas can the right mix is 16 fluid ounces . ALSO you should use ONLY 93 octane gasoline , and nothing else of lower octane . Nice thick line on this unit plows through the toughest that I 've thrown at it , which in mid-Missouri on 9 acres is pretty tough . At $ 120 , I 'm a happy man ... at $ 40 -LRB- used -RRB- , I 'm ecstatic . No five stars because I could n't test the other trimmer head , which was n't included at the yard sale .
 Has been a great trimmer for me . Prime the bulb appropriately , use the correct choke settings , and it fires up . Been using it for 3 years now without any trouble .
 Had one of these previously . Lasted about 7 years . Carb went bad and was cheaper to buy new . New product seems ` cheaper ' , but so far , works fine . For the money , and the functionality , especially the ability to swivel the head and add other products , this is a great product - as long as it lasts .
 2 cycle engines are fickle by nature , and the bump-line-feed systems stink !!! -LRB- on any weed-wacker -RRB- Lots of folks give this unit a bad-rap . . Those same folks would give ANY brand of 2 cycle weed-eater with a bump-feed system a bad rap . If you know how to operate/start/run and maintain your equipment , then this machine works like any other weed-eater on the market . Mix your fuel properly , and use a fuel stabilizer in the winter -LRB- in your storage can , and in all of your gas-powered equipment - DUH !!! -RRB- . I really like the attachments on this unit -LRB- I have the edger and the blower -RRB- . They work really well -LRB- I removed the saftey guard from the edger and it works much better this way - FOR ME - disclaimer ! -RRB- Anyway , as side note , I removed the original bump-feed head from this unit and replaced it with a Shakespear head which all you do is precut your line lengths -LRB- at 12 inches or so -RRB- , and put 2 into the head using a press-button system . I use .0095 line with this set-up and it works very very good . I may go through 4 pieces of pre-cut line for my whole lawn -LRB- about 1/4 mile of total trimming - walks/edging/drive porch/fencing etc. -RRB- . I 've got $ 200 total into this trimmer with the attachments and they all work really well with it - especially the BLOWER . The edger works good if you figure out it 's sweet-spot for your intital edging -LRB- always the hardest/messiest chore -RRB- . Once you get the depth right , and get moving , the edger will never have to work as hard again . I use it once , or twice a year to re-create the nice trench edge along my grass-line . The rest of the time I use a trimmer to maintain/clean the edge.Don ' t believe the haters on this product ! Many of my neighbors have copied my same scheme and yours will too!Please thank me later ! PS - if you do n't use stabilizer , and do n't buy the Shakespeer Head then you too will suffer the problems which all 2 cycle owners suffer ... I got the trimmer , attachments , and the head at Lowes.Someday I may pick up the tiller attachment too . No need for the hedge trimmers yet.Fistful
 I 'm just ordered my second Troy-Bilt TB20CS because my previous one wore out after 10 + years of rough use . In ten years , it only required spark plugs . I have rheumatoid arthritis which makes it difficult to start trimmers . With spring assist starting , I have no problem and even my pre-teen grandkids can start the Troy-Bilt with ease . You pull the rope as slow as you wish and when it is all pulled out , the spring starts the engine . The 31cc engine runs the pole saw without effort and this is not true of some smaller trimmers . Some complain about having to mix gas and oil . How hard is that ? I do it about once per season
 Bought this product after rewiews on the consumer reports . Works well and I am pleased .
 I needed to replace my Ryobi 31CC trimmer with something similar . I like 2 cycle trimmers . This troy-Built accepts all attachements I have -LRB- Ryobi -RRB- . It has the power and is great for home use .
 After reading the many reviews , I seem to always be looking for the problems described there in . However , as usual , if you follow the directions the product will function as described . Easy start
 Its my first of the new Modular type Trimmers and it was easy to assemble and start . I also bought the Poulan Edger attachment as per the reviews and it also works well and is easy to assemble.I did n't realize that Lowes sells this trimmer for less until the day I went to get oil to mix with the fuel . ALso once i opened the box it already came with oil to mix with the fuel that would be enough for at least most if not all of a season for a home owner.You will notice that the trimmer is adequately powered even for the first time edging . Only slowing down at the worst spots , but it got through everything i showed it . I did have a back ache from all the bending over while edging but what are you going to do ? Otherwise the thing is designed smartly .
 I 'd neaver used a gas powered unit before so I was concerned about how I would put it together and get it started . With the illustated instructions at my side , it was a piece of cake . Just like 1,2,3 . . And I 'd wished I had more grass to cut . Its fun when things really work .
 After my 7 + year old ryobi gave up the ghost this summer I started my internet research to find it 's replacement -LRB- RIP -RRB- . I wanted a cheap reliable machine that could handle the job . This fits the bill . Like my ryobi it starts on the third start without exception , every time . I bought mine at lowes.com -LRB- model is 16810 at lowes -RRB- . I 've had it for a couple of months now and it 's great ! For the price , it 's a no brainer . I love it !
 I have had this item for about a month and it performs very well for my typical home use . It has enough power to trim grass easily and even takes down some pretty stout bushy weeds . The spring assist starting works great ; I had a McCullough trimmer that I had to wear gloves to start , and the Troy-Bilt starts right up if you just follow the directions . You are supposed to pump the fuel button and then give it 5 pulls with the choke closed and the throttle trigger squeezed . Then open the choke a notch and pull again with the trigger squeezed . When I do this it starts the first time , even with the old gas from the other defunct trimmer -LRB- the McCullough developed a bad magneto -RRB- . The unit is light weight but I would recommend getting a strap if you have a big yard . I would recommend this for anyone who plans to trim once a week . For commercial use it does not feel quite as strong as I would like it , but for home use I expect it to last for many years . You just have to remember to follow the right procedures for putting it up during the winter to keep it running reliably . Before putting it up empty the fuel tank and run it until it stops to prevent build-up of gum during long storage . I also use fuel stabilizer in the fuel in addition to the oil additive . These steps do a lot to make a two-cycle engine behave well .
 When I received this trimmer , the carburetor was out of adjustment . It would not rev up fully and did n't have that much power . The manual said if this happens to take it to a service house and have them adjust it . Well , that is 2 hours away and I work on small engines , so I did it myself . After I adjusted it , it works great . Starts on 2-3 pulls every time and has plenty of power . It has good balance and is light weight -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . I chop through the thickest brush with ease . The string is easy to change and has no problems feeding . I did purchase a shoulder strap for the wife . It 's a bit heavy for her.The only thing I would be leary of is the improperly adjusted carb . I suspect this could be the problem with the trimmers people are leaving poor feedback for .
 Ill preface this by saying this is the only trimmer I 've owned so it 's all I know . My dad has gone through many expensive ones and always ran into problems so I went the cheap route . This trimmer has worked great for me the three years I have owned it . Never once has it failed to start , and I 've never experienced a tangle like others apparently have . The first time I brought it out this year -LRB- year 3 -RRB- it did n't want to idle , but I could keep it running in the choke position and it worked fine . Has work normally ever since so I 'm guessing it was old gas . Only other issue is that the bump feed does n't always want to work as advertised . But I just cut it off for a second and extend the line with my hands . Quick and not much of a bother . I will say that if you are purchasing this unit so you can use an add on edger , I would n't waste your time . The edger attachment has been useless for me -LRB- or I 'm incapable of operating it correctly -RRB- . It just bounces along the ground and wo n't dig in . If you pay to have it edged and then just use the attachment to maintain you 'll have better luck .
 Garrity makes excellent products . I should know -- a friend 's brother in law owns the company . Garrity has always worked hard to put the best products on the market ; and this flashlight is no exception.This Garrity flashlight is FAR better than an average flashlight in the same price range . The Krypton bulb gives off a good deal of light so you can see your way around in the dark or light up dark spaces without any hassles . The flashlight is indeed water resistant although I ca n't comment about shock resistant -- I never tested that one out ! I admittedly would n't make a habit of soaking the flashlight in water , of course ; then there is the off chance the water would eventually erode it bit by bit . I did n't test to see if it would float -- again out of concern that it could accidentally damage the flashlight . I would imagine , however , that Garrity 's claims are pretty reliable . The carry strap is another excellent feature . Garrity really does make the best flashlights.I am also impressed with Garrity 's lifetime warranty on the fixture ; and they have a toll free number for customer service . That 's terrific considering I never expected a flashlight manufacturer in this price range to provide me with customer support!The flashlight operates using only 2 D size batteries which come with this flashlight . Of course , the batteries are inexpensive and easy to find in many stores . This makes replacing older , used-up batteries pretty easy.Overall , this Garrity flashlight is going to last you a good long time -- I highly recommend it !
 Five or six years ago this flashlight was on sale in a major hardware and building materials store in Tampa as one of Florida 's frequent Hurricanes approached from the South . These Flashlights flew off the shelf as many customers like me liked the completely covered light with hard rubber or rubber like material . It seemed like a flashlight that could really take wet rainy weather . Also the soft body appeared to be rugged enough to allow the flashlight to be dropped short distances without serious damage . It turns on and off from switch on the bottom so there was no switch to slide back and forth and fail to connect . Also it was entirely covered by the light 's rubber or rubber like material . I still have it and recently bought another one because my wife keeps stealing the old one . I certainly have had success with this little light which I call my `` Hurricane '' flashlight .
 A power failure hit our community a handful of days ago -LRB- October , 2007 -RRB- . I try to have a flashlight in every room , just for such eventualities . Of all the flashlights , of many different makes , this one was by far the best of all.First , it had one of the more powerful beams , providing quite a bit of light.Second , it 's built in such a way that it is easy to turn it on and off in the dark and it is easy to hold -LRB- not likely to slip out of one 's hand , as some other brands might -RRB- . In short , I 'm a fan and am apt to buy more of these in the future .
 I keep this guy on a door knob and I reach for it often . Bright overhead lights in the middle of the night can just about blind you , but a dependable flashlight is just right . I like the on/off push button switch on the base of the unit . Garrity knows how to make a flashlight .
 I like to keep flashlights everywhere , all rooms , all vehicles and with the price of the Garrity 2D Tuff Lite , you can afford to.I love the feel of the rubber handle . The flashlight feels solid and rugged in your hand . It 's shock and water resistant.The light is strong and bright . Requires 2 `` D '' batteries which is less expensive than some of the other flashlights . I 'm pleased with my purchase and plan to get more .
 I just finished a structural wiring project . Midway through I was looking for ways to be more efficient . This tool help .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 I bought online and installed it myself using compression fittings - very easy to do . Total cost $ 650 , total time about 1/2 a day . I live in northern VA -LRB- it 's very important to know ground water temperature with smaller units -RRB- and can get 2 showers + in the summer . In the winter 1 shower + 1 faucet . There is a little fluctuation in temperature in the winter , but I think this can be corrected with the hot water valve now that I know what 's going on . Electric is actually cheaper than gas in our area , so this was a good choice . Monthly savings appear to be about 19 percent . Made one service call and got a quick answer .
 I 've only owned it two years and knew I needed 200Amp service because I read website/specs . My service upgraded -LRB- I had planned that anyway . The water heater works GREAT ! - What I noticed is , it depends how fast your water pressure and flow is -LRB- i.e. well water varies for both of those and if you have a water filter before this unit , it ca n't slow your flow too much or the unit wo n't activate and heat the water -RRB- In most cases you can control this by the type of filter you use , etc. - I set the units heat control at the half-way setting and in my case , the water is heated perfectly to 115F -LRB- I tested this with a candy thermometer right where the water exits the shower head -RRB- and it remains at or very close to that temp almost all the time . In the winter time , since I 'm in CT , I do notice some differences in the temp when it first starts , however that appears normal since the unit is in the garage below the bathrooms and the water tank is in the basement , and it is cooler there , and the outside water is colder . The temperature will also change some when another shower is being used , but in my case , not very much.-You really should ensure you well water is tested regularly , and if it does have sediment , etc , it is no good for any water heater . It builds up on the internal parts and insulates the water from them , making it inefficient . I had no problem with my home being wired correctly - when the unit comes on , you might see a slight dimming of a bathroom light or something , but this is typical of any very high current device , such as a large compressor , air conditioner , etc , so it is expected.-My home is very long and the utilities were at one end with the bathrooms at the other and the kitchen in the middle . In my case , this unit works perfectly since you no longer need to wait MINUTES to get hot water in the either bathrooms shower/tub/sinks ! I paid $ 400 for it and I would absolutely buy another one -LRB- maybe even as a spare ! -RRB- NOTE !!! When taking a shower , to keep the temperature , I only use the showers hot valve -LRB- cold water is not needed if you set the water heaters control correctly -RRB- and if you do use cold , you 're wasting HUGE energy to cool the water you just heated ! - I also bought a Bosch AE9 .5 , it is in my basement below my kitchen sink , set to high , it heats water to 150F INSTANTLY even in winter ! I down since dishes should be washed in very hot water . AE9 .5 unit does change temperature some -LRB- i.e. it cools down quickly when you shut the water off a short time , no problem though , no waiting for hot water anymore ! -RRB- I 'd buy again ! Do n't cool the hot water with cold water , it is a waste of energy -LRB- AND -RRB- if your kitchen sink has one hot/cold handle , your cold water could cause issues if you try to use both cold and hot at once ... pressure going back into the heater , etc , best not to use -LRB- both -RRB- http://www.amazon.com/Bosch-AE-9-5-PowerStar-Tankless-Electric/dp/B000H5VJ0I
 this thing uses hardly no electricity and it keeps my showers warm and works with everything i need it to work with . you save about $ 400 buying it refurbished - and it looks and works like new . No more big , leaking , tank water heaters and my energy bill is a lot lower because this thing is n't sitting around heating water that I 'm not using .
 Ok so I am electrical engineer , for full use of this product you need to have at least 125 amp service panel . I would go with 200 amp for whole house service panel . I run this puppy with the thermostat on max . Because dishwasher wash dishes better at high temperatures and are cleaner . This however does make the water uncomfortably hot . But I just use the cold water at faucet to counter balance it . I live up in chicago , I 've made through the winter with this feeding the whole house . I have three people that dwell in my house . I really like this prouduct . If I was building my house from scracth , I would have a bunch of lower powered units close to the faucets . We had a gas tank heater previous , its a considerable job to convert . Probably would cost you around $ 2000 , to upgrade your service panel and install this unit . It will save you money long run , and add to resell value of you house . I installed this unit and a new service panel , it took me three days . I had to run new conduit across my house , redo a bunch of plumbing , and put in a new service panel . One nice thing is i gained hugh space where my old water tank used to be .
 I have had a few different instant water tanks from Bosch in the past at different houses that i have owned . They have always performed well in my home and also my summer home . I recently had a problem with the powerstar AE 125 with a heating module that cracked . I called the 1-800-330-2729 number and spoke to a man from New York who took all my information before transfering me to a tech in Vermont . He was extremely nice and transfered me as soon as he received my information.Dwinel the customer service rep was extremely pleasant and helpful in every way possible . He took my information down and told me everything that was going to take place once they received my unit back in Vermont . I sent him some information via an email and he called me right back once he received the information -LRB- how often does this happen with most companies ? -RRB- . You ca n't ask for much better customer service than what i received from this company . I was also happy that Dwinel gave me the direct number to his office , so that i would n't have to wait and punch buttons . They were very helpful and made me feel at ease througout the whole process . Do n't hesitate to purchase this product as they have outstanding customer service .
 I 'm really happy my purchase and the water heater works extremely well . It is January in South Carolina and ground water is cold now . There is still more than enough hot water.It has been much more effective than the 50 gallon tank it replaced . It takes 1 minute for hot water to arrive to the shower ... which is not much longer than the 50 gallon tank it replaced.The system requires -LRB- 3 -RRB- 8/2 wires , -LRB- 3 -RRB- 40 amp breakers , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- disconnect boxes in sight of the heater . It has a much stronger electrical system in comparison to some of the other units on the market.I also added a point of use heater to the kitchen so this large unit did not have to heat up every time hot water was needed in the kitchen .
 We had an old hot water heater that needed to be replaced . The tankless did cause us to replace an equally old circuit breaker box but once that was done , we had only to adjust to the difference in this and a tanked water heater . You ca n't run hot water anywhere else while someone is in the shower or they get a cold blast then hot . The tankless does n't hold water so when the power goes off , you have NO hot water . Other than those adjustments , we love it !
 been a month and no problems , water is hotter than with tank water heater . Wish I had done this before now . Wife likes the water hot .
 This is a great unit , it was recommended to me from a friend . However , turns out my electrical is too old and ca n't handle the power needed without a -LSB- ... -RSB- upgrade to my 100year old house . Also includes the Canadian wiring kit , if buyer is from Canada -LRB- -LSB- . . -RSB- value -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- . thanks , Bryan -LRB- BC , Canada -RRB- .
 We bought this for use in a 2000 s.f. cabin we are building , and it has lived up to all it 's promises . The water comes out of the ground really really cold - we 're up north in the mountains , but this gizmo heats it up in an instant . We have enough hot to wash dishes and take a shower at the same time . Just a word of warning - my husband is a do-it-yourselfer and installed it himself , with jsut a little bit of help from an electrician friend . Well , for the first few weeks , we were taking virtually cold showers . I was ready to rip the thing down and send it back . But then we realized we had the power turned all the way down . -LRB- We thought it was all the way up - instructions are not clear on this -RRB- . Even turned all the way down , the water was still a little bit warm . Anyway , we turned it up -LRB- slightly -RRB- and the water is as hot as can be ! We are loving not having to pay to keep a tank of water hot all winter , in a home we wo n't use until spring .
 I have had the Bosch AE 125 since January 2004 . Recently I encountered a problem with the cylinders seeping water and loss of hot water altogether.I contacted BOSCH and as mentioned in other reviews , I experienced the automated answering system and elected to leave my name , phone number and brief message rather than waiting for a rep to answer . I was surprised to receive a call within an hour from a rep and the customer service was superb !!! Still under warranty , They shipped out a new unit to me that day and I received it within 24 hours!The issue with the cylinders has been addressed by BOSCH and the new unit included the upgraded cylinders which are no longer copper.Any appliance can encounter problem every now and then , I rate my satisfaction based on customer support when needed and BOSCH has impressed me.Great Product , I have saved alot of $ $ $ on my electric bill since I switched to the tankless water heater . I will not go back to a standard water heater .
 My reason for ordering this was all about saving space . Now I have a nice-looking 12 '' x 12 '' white box hanging on the wall in my laundry room and have hot water in an instant . This unit also qualifed me for a $ 300 tax credit as it is very energy efficient . I recommend this to anyone who wants to save space and/or money !
 Bought the AE125 on sale , installed it and have n't had a single problem in two years . I can see why people might have a problem with ANY demand unit on well water . Since the flow rate is not constant , the temperature will vary and you may need to install a thermostatic shower valve . But if you 're on city water I do n't see how anyone would have a problem.The only problem I had was that when I first installed it I had it set so hot it was unbearable . Turned the setting down and everything is perfect , even when the washing machine is running .
 I have to agree with Bill B from PA -LRB- March 15 , 2010 -RRB- , re
 After 3 months of research on tankless water heaters , I finalized my choice to this one alone . Owned this product since October of 2008 . Have throughly enjoyed our tankless water heater the entire time . We followed the directions to a key , and have never had a problem . Works extremely well , provides very hot water , an overall great addition to any home . We have powerful water pressure so I was a bit skeptical . Our temperatures range from -50 F in the winter to 80F in the summer . We have 9 months of winter . Again , never had an issue . I tested the efficiency of the water heater by letting it run for over an hour and a half -LRB- on quite a few occasions -RRB- ... guess what . . I did n't run out of hot water.Here 's a hint for customers , if used as a whole house water heater as we use ours , where our master bath is nearest the back of our house , and our kitchen is near the front , this product is best installed between the two main uses . That way you will benefit more with the equal hot water it provides . I give a 30 second to 60 second window for the water to reach a high temperature . . needs a little time to heat up . It 's not like a tank , hot water is not instant , yet , when it comes it can fill over and over and over again.We recommend this product for those wanting to live a more power savvy lifestyle , it has already paid for itself.A + + + + I will be installing another one if we ever decide to relocate again .
 We 've had our Bosch AE125 since about 2004 when our previous heater rusted through , and its been great.We have a small home with 2 grownups and 4 kids - and our previous heater would go cold around midway throughthe second bath time . Now we regularly have a string a 6 showers in a row , with no worries about being the last in line.Installation was easy . Using the pipes to the old heater , added 2 metal-flexible one 2 foot pieces with the right ends , plumbed the whole thing , tested for leaks and called the electrician . He came , installed the 3 - 40AMP breakers andran cable to the heater , and screwed things together . Flip the breakers . Hot water . Lots of hot water . There 's onelight and one control , a black knob on the bottom of the unit
 Love all these wall plates - most worked out for us , but buyer beware - they are oversized by about 1/2 inch compared to standard wall plates . They look great with our recently remodeled kitchen with brushed/satin nickel emphasis . We were amazed at how they enhanced the look compared to white wall plates . Great update for not much money . However , one was too big for the space -LRB- due to oversize -RRB- - would have been nice to have the dimensions included in the item detail when ordering .
 We got these to match the some of wall plates already in our house . We love the brushed nickel look . It may not be clear from the product description -- at least it was n't to me -- but each plate comes with screws to install it . So you do n't need to order screws as well .
 Ordered a few of these , they fit and look great . Definitely will order more if needed , not too shiny but not dull either .
 Pretty standard product ... pretty standard expectations . These fit the bill when replacing all the face plates after a fresh coat of paint .
 We replaced the faucet that came with the house with the Kohler K12231 on the recommendation of our plumber . I like it very much , its reasonably light weight , looks kind of retro with a nice brushed finish . No leaks like our previous faucet . If I had to list one complaint it would be that the sprayer is plastic but that really does not bother me . Its a nice looking faucet and goes nicely with our marble countertop . I would recommend it .
 Product is attractive and works very well . The only downer is that the spray attachment is plastic , rather than metal . Despite the plastic , it does work with no problems . I would definitely recommend this . You can pay a whole lot of money for similar items , but this Kohler is the tops .
 I recently bought an AE115 to replace the aging oil burner we have . I actually ended up installing its cousin the AE125.The AE115 was found to be a little on the small side for my geographical area . I had n't initially known this when I ordered it and I thought maybe I would save someone else a little grief by telling you this . A lot depends on your geographical area . I live in the north east US where my well water gets cold enough to need the larger unit.You most likely will need to at least get a few 40 amp breakers if you already have a 200 amp service at your house . I needed to make a total electric upgrade to my house to 200 amps from 100 amps . The AE125 takes THREE 40 amp breakers . Actual amp readings by myself prove to be much less than that and most circuits are protected to 20 % over actual use so no need to get to nervous about this . Consider that this amperage is only on for the short time you take a shower . vs hot water heater that is always heating your water -LRB- unless you install a timer -RRB- . A few more tidbits of info that might be useful . Temperture fluctuations are more noticable than with a water heater but not in the extreme IF you do a little tweaking first . Most people expect no fluctuation right out of the box even though the manufacterer gives you a procedure that will minimize or eliminate this . I adjusted my thermostat and also adjusted the rate or flow of water entering the heater and even with well water It is almost unnoticable . Are you frugal/cheap ? then take a bath and you wont notice it at all.The AE 125 has six elements I think the AE 115 has at least four and they need good either filtered/softened or both before the water gets to those elements or you might experience premature element failure due to calcium and other hard minerals in the water . One last thing , check the connections and make sure they are tight . At the factory they are throwing these together and might miss this . A loose connection will eventually cause a failure.All thing considered I am very pleased with my heater thus far . It sounds like customer service will work to either replace or repair a unit if there is a problem from other reviews I have read .
 Provides more than enough hot water for our two-person family . In Florida , the water is boiling hot even when it 's 30 's F outside . Failed after three years of use -LRB- during which maintenance was not required or completed -RRB- when one heater module started leaking . I called Bosch and they are sending a replacement unit that uses polymer heat modules -LRB- mine had copper units -RRB- after I explained the problem . Overall very friendly customer service -LRB- I called when I first installed the unit too -RRB- . Sometimes runs hot and cold ; but I think that it 's related to my cold water pressure being very inconsistent throughout a single shower . The hot/cold cycles could be more than fixed with an automatic temp shower head . ** Update 11/2012 - I originally gave this a 4 star rating - however the replacement unit Bosch sent me -LRB- with the newer version heat modules -RRB- made me add a star . I installed it as soon as I got it - and after four years I 've had nothing whatsoever to complain about ; the water gets hot and stays hot . The only time I notice any change in the temperature is when my clothes or dish washer is on - and only then because the cold water side of the shower becomes unbalanced from the hot side - but the hot still stays hot it just drops in pressure . I have zero issues running a shower -LRB- I 've got one of those rain forest shower heads , sorry environment . . -RRB- with the same boiling hot water on 35 degree nights as any other time of the year . If I ever need to add hot water to some other abode the first thing I 'm doing is getting another one of these .
 I have a 100A service breaker in my house and this thing is fine . Sure my wires might overheat sometimes , but for the amount of time you are going to be heating water , there will be plenty of time for the wire to cool . If the wires heat too much then the breaker trips . Do the research yourself and take the advice from electricians to heart . Just be sensible about your power usage when heating water . As for failures , some people may have had failures due to not installing an expansion tank that allows the pressure increase created by heating water to be absorbed . Come on , you can replace this thing every 4 years and still save money over the tank water heaters . I have had this unit for 7 years and it has paid itself off many times more.Another competitor to tankless is the heat pump assisted water heater . How many times has your air conditioner broken ? The heat pump is essentially an air conditioner strapped onto a tank . Tons of moving parts and things that can go wrong . The corporations want you on a determined replacement cycle that they have factored into their business model . Go with TANKLESS anywhere , gas or electric , with only one moving part -LRB- a small flow sensor that detects when you need hot water -RRB- . Do the calculations , yes the heat pump assisted units have high COF energy factors -LRB- 2 or more -RRB- , but you are still heating water all of the time during the night when you do not need it and using more electricity . If you are concerned about the electric tankless , then go with gas tankless , either way go TANKLESS . Do the math and you will find out that these heat pump assisted units add complexity and ridiculous amounts of failure points . All my tankless has is two 7,000 W heating elements , two 1/4 gallon tanks , one flowmeter and one logic board coated in epoxy to reduce failure -LRB- someone has commented that this fails so worst case , just replace the logic board -RRB- . Gas tankless units are similar in efficiency and reliability , instead having a boiler to heat the water . NO moving parts = RELIABILITY .
 This is perfect for a small condo/house . We have a one bath condo that we installed this in . It works great . It does take some getting used to because it seems to me that you have to run the water just a little bit longer to get it hot -LRB- compared to a tank water heater -RRB- , but then no problems . Best to use it with only on fixture , i.e. dont start the washer when someone is in the shower . But you can wash your hands in the sink with hot water while someone is in the shower with out them noticing . If you have more than one bedrooms , get that larger Bosch AE125 unit .
 Have been using tankless hot water heaters for over 25 years and have been very happy with them ! These are the latest models and use them in houses that I remodel and need a new water heater.Unfortunately this was a replacement and even though I paid for 1 day shipping , which amazon.com used to include as Saturday delivery , and I needed it right away to replace a defective new unit that the manufacturer was replacing anyway under warranty . 1 day was the same as 2 day shipping : -LRB-
 Had to replace 50gal tank heater . We have two full bathrooms , kitchen and laundry . Only two at home most of the time , but frequent weekend houseguests up to 4 at a time.Chose the AE115 , because the AE125 requires 3 40amp circuits -- more than we could spare . This unit is proving more than adequate . It appears to be the highest flow rate for the amperage of any units we researched -LRB- more than I want to admit -RRB- We 've run two showers at once for 15 minutes with hot water to spare . -LRB- Time is really not an issue because the supply is unlimited . -RRB- We have the unit set at about 65 % on the heat dial.In our farthest bathroom , it always took 60 seconds for hot water to reach the shower . The on-demand unit adds 30 seconds to reach full temperature . We think that is a trivial difference.The unit was simple to install . -LRB- I use Sharkbite fittings on copper pipe instead of solder joints . -RRB- The hardest part was replacing a single 30amp 240v breaker and 10awg wire with two 40 amp breakers and 8awg wire . If you 're locating in the same place as the old tank , your electrician can use the old wire to pull the new one -LRB- s -RRB- , and as that 's the time consuming part of the job , it should not be expensive to have it installed by a professional.Regarding others ' commnents on temperature fluctuation , please note
 This is a good quality universal mailbox flag - not `` flimsy '' as another reviewer posted . I bought it to replace the flag from my mailbox after some idiot backed into it . The installation was quite simple although I did have to drill 3 holes to hold the base piece .
 I ordered two of these.This was an exact replacement for my OEM mailbox flag . It comes with a plastic shaft -LRB- the part that my son broke while mowing the grass -RRB- and a bushing so you can use your own screw . After recieving this I could have used just the bushing and the other orignal flag , but went ahead and put the new flag cause I was too lazt to go look in garage for a screw and nut.For a friends mailbox we will have to drill some holes to accomodate this flag 's mounting cover tabs -LRB- the rectangular black piece has some rounded tabs that keep it oriented square on the mailbox . A template for the tabs hole pattern is on the backside of packaging , so not a problem .
 I am pretty handy , so eventually I got this thing mounted . The instructions assume that you have one of two types of mountings and apparently there are more since neither was mine . All is well that end well though .
 Just want a wanted
 We bought this replacement flag for our mailbox . We were expecting it to be a little sturdier , but it 's working so far so we 'll just have to wait and see how long it lasts .
 Had to replace the flag on my wood-clad mailbox after it had broken off . This kit was a perfect fit -LRB- in fact it may have been the exact same part that was originally installed -RRB- . Much cheaper than replacing the whole mailbox . For those who care , this is a plastic flag.Kit is designed to mount on a variety of mailbox styles . If you are mounting to a basic metal mailbox , everything you need is included . If mounting to a wooden box , you will need to supply your own pan-head screw . I knocked off one star , because I think they should have included the screw .
 I did have trouble getting a screw to fit , but it works well and gets my mail picked up .
 I was thankful that I was able to buy just the flag for my mailbox because someone is always smashing my mailbox . I did n't want to go out and buy a new . Flag stays up when standing .
 I used this to create a step using leftover pavers from a patio I installed . Item was shipped fast and I 'm very happy with it .
 Used Liquid Nails before on plaster board and it worked great . Tryed the LN Concrete Repair and it is amazing , it worked for my project , this was my second order .
 As advertised , prompt delivery , excellent for garage tool organizers . You 'll want the next diameter larger for shovels . Rakes , brooms , etc. work well with this .
 Product received was excellent . Delivery mix-up occured . When inquiry was made , the owner of CrazyDave 's Tool Shed personally phone me to resolve the problem . I was impressed with the efforts made by the owner to satisfy his customers . I will continue to do business with a comapny that ensures the customer is completely pleased with the product and services rendered .
 well made bits . lots of noise in use . lots of chips . hold against fence tight . vacuum like crazy . no problems except very noisy.use backer boards wherever needed . Enjoy !
 A small HW unit under a kitchen sink is a must for me . Instant hot water to wash hands or clean up a pan . I have mine set on the exact use temp so no need to use cold water with it . Also , have a switch on the wall to turn it off when I 'm I out town . Love it !
 Hot water in 2 seconds - oh , yes ! No more washing hands with cold water . Great product ! Should have ordered it 15 years ago .
 I used this under the kitchen sink so I would n't have to wait for hot water from the water heater 50 feet away.Simple , easy install and works perfectly .
 Bosch GL2 .5 Ariston 2-1/2 - Gallon Point-of-Use Indoor Electric Mini-Tank Water Heater has been in use for about two weeks now and it is doing exactly what we need it to do . The unit was connect to the hot water line at the point of use in a half-bath that is remote to the large hot water heater for the house . In the winter , the water from the hot water faucet was extremely cold for 15-20 seconds at a high flow rate . With the Ariston 2 1/2 gal mini-tank in place , we get warm-to-hot water within 1-2 seconds at a low flow rate . We have the thermostat set at the Bosch recommended Ideal Setting and the unit is giving us a perfect solution for washing ones hands and face . At this point , we are extremely pleased with the unit .
 I picked this small unit because it was on a mudroom sink that would not require a large volume of hot water at any one time -LRB- basically washing hands -RRB- . I put it in line with the hot line in case I needed a large volume of hot water occasionally , and the piping is somewhat simpler that way . I installed underneath the sink so it is very accessible for the recommended annual maintenance . I do have lots of home plumbing experience , but even a novice should be able to handle , it 's just connecting lines and probably a little pipe work . Getting the electrical outlet to the unit would probably be more of a challange , but I had an open breaker with the wire already run close to the unit so it was quite simple.There 's nothing like having hot water come out almost instantly with no waiting .
 A local plumbing place told me about this unit . He said it was much better than the tankless . It was easy to install and producing hot water in just a few minutes .
 I have a sink in my arts and craft studio , but even cleaning artist brushes , hot water is nice . I bought this one because it works on a regular 110 plug , without a dedicated circuit , which I do n't have . The tank-less water heaters all seem to need a dedicated circuit . It took a little for me to plumb the pop off valve into the drain , but if I can do it , nearly anyone can . I am a 60 year old artist , do it yourself female . So far I 'm loving the hot water , it is plenty for my needs .
 Installed this heater for my wife 's vanity sink . Installation is straightforward . Good capacity for bathroom sink use . Water comes out warm in just 2 or 3 seconds . Very satisfied with purchase .
 product was everything it says it is.my old one broke but it was abused someone hit it and the side brokeother than that the heater works greatand thanks to amazon buying it was a snap
 I have just intsalled the Bosch 2.5 gallon water heater under my kitchen sink , and it is quite easy to install and has great instructions . I am a little dissapointed that the heater does not give you a full 2.5 gallons of water at the temperature set . I initially left the thermostat at the factory setting , but this gives you only a few seconds of hot water , not more than a quart . I have had to set the temperature almost to the hottest setting to get enough hot water to run the dishwasher or wash dishes in the basin . Has anyone else had this problem?Otherwise , we love the instant hot water and still recommend this unit . We installed it with flexible hoses so we can easily take it out to do the yearly cleaning of the element . Will let you know in a year if that goes well.Richard in North Carolina
 The product seems to work well . It is nice to get hot water after about 2 seconds instead of the much longer time it took to get hot water from the main water heater . It is very easy to install , just make sure your existing supply line is long enough to reach to the water heater will be positioned . An additional 1/2 inch supply line is necessary to connect the water heater to your faucet -LRB- $ 5-8 at Lowes or Home Depot -RRB- , depending on the length of the hose . Also , measure carefully to make sure the water heater will actually fit in the space where you intend to place it - the GL2 .5 is 10 1/4 inches deep and barely fit between the wall and our disposal.As other reviewers have noted , the thermostat on this unit is very inconveniently located under 3 covers , all secured by screws . The thermostat control is very sensitive to any adjustment , so small changes would be what I recommend . Once the thermostat is set to your liking , however , all you have to do is enjoy the hot water .
 The Bosch GL2 .5 g water heater is well made and was easy to install . Only have 2 complaints ... . The temperature control is located behind 2 panels that you need a screwdriver to remove . Really a dumb design ! Also sometimes the water comes out warm other times it is really hot . The thermostat is not very accurate at all . Other than those 2 issues it gets the job done .
 The installation directions arent great , but once tapping into the cold water line is figured out it was easy . Some hints - I took the heater to a plumbing store along with a drawing and pipe dimensions -LRB- inner or outer diameter -RRB- of the connections under my kitchen sink and the expert figured out all the required fittings for me costing about $ 25 . You will likely need a two way valve to get cold water to the heater and the cold water faucet . I had to put in a GFCI connection under the sink since the cord is quite short -LRB- a couple of feet -RRB- and wouldnt reach a nearby outlet . Once I got it all connected and made sure I had no leaks -LRB- use teflon tape on the fittings and wrench them pretty tight but dont strip the threads -RRB- it is working like a charm . Beats heating 50 gallons since I only use the space as studio - I turned off the main water heater .
 Got this due to long distance from water heater . Works great , easy to install . Note this is a small tank , not instant heater .
 Great product . Supplies instant hot water at point of use . Have installed 5 in nurseries at my church .
 It is an excellent heater ; works just like you said it would . Very easy to install . Thanks
 Product as described in other reviews . Appears to be of high quality , and easy to install . NOTE ! This product is equiped with a safety pressure relief valve which should be connected to an external gravity drain . This does not show in the photos of the undersink installation in the add . This was not a problem for me as I was installing in a shed , but could be a problem for someone trying to install this in an area not adjacent to an exterior wall , floor drain , or crawl space .
 We just finished a complete remodel on a ranch style house , in which the water heater was at the opposite end of the house as the kitchen . It took almost two minutes for the hot water to reach the sink . After installing this point of use water heater under the sink , we have almost instant hot water . This is great for small tasks as well as improving the effectiveness of the dishwasher !! With that being said , we were fortunate to not only have the room , -LRB- it 's a little bulky -RRB- , but we also installed a dedicated half hot outlet for our garbage disposal , which made the electrical connection a snap . The plumbing connection was a little tricky so we had a plumber run the water lines .
 We previously had to run the kitchen sink water for a long time to get the water hot . Very wasteful and time consuming . I installed the Ariston 2 1/2 gallon Point of Use Indoor Electric Mini Tank Water Heater very easily . Now , the water comes on very warm and is hot almost instantaneously . A big improvement plus saving a lot of water .
 Shipping was fast and unit was packaged well . The unit is slightly larger than I expected -LRB- 2.7 gals -RRB- which made for some customizing in the under sink area , but installed nicely after that . Be sure to place a baking pan of some kind under installed unit to catch potential high heat discharge or other unpleasant occurance . Dialectric unions between unit and water source are also good materials to figure into installation to limit long term internal corrosion . It 's nice to have hot water right away , without running it for two minutes , then having a long line of heated water cool down again and be wasted .
 In general , I like this unit . Does what I need it to do with is to provide a small amount of hot water , immediately , without much water waste.One negative is that because this is an electric type heater , you MUST check the Anode every 1 year replace before is corrodes away and causes tank failures/water leaks.I am on my 3rd unit - but still this is a small , compact unit and does the job .
 I used to have to run about 50 feet of cold water , it was such a waste of water , I checked out the Bosch GL2 .5 Mini-Tank Electric water heater , It was so cheap , I sent for it , got it in 2or3 days , easy to hook up , now I turn on the water its hot .
 excellent heater . no issues . easy to install . works on 115 v circuit , 15 amps with no issue even with other appliances on same circuit . would recommend .
 The title says it all . I am ordering my second unit after the first one broke after 3 years in use . When I took the overflow valve out to replace it -LRB- that 's where it was leaking from -RRB- and I stuck my finger in the heating chamber there were all sorts of rusty buildup deposits . So I think the tank was corroding . I replaced the valve and it was still leaking from where the valve is seated and where I also found the buildup , so I decided to quit messing around and just get a new one . I feel like it should last more than a few years , but for the price and the ease of installation I still think it was all worth it . -LRB- Not to mention the fact that you have instant hot water in a part of the house where you would have to run/waste the water for a few minutes to get warm water -RRB- .
 I purchase this unit because the bath is a long way from water heater in order to save water and electrict its work geat for this purpose now wnen we turn the hot water on dont have to run the water for hot water .
 This product is working super for us as we build our house and live in our OLD motorhome . It heats up really fast and 2.5 gallons is plenty for 1 shower , even washing my long hair . It makes our life day to day really easy . It installed quickly , even with the old hose from the propane water heater . Perfect for our needs .
 I live in the northeast . It gets cold here . My basement is warmer than outdoors , but , despite copiously wrapping my pipes in insulation , I get cold water in my kitchen sink for something like 8-9 seconds -LRB- at full blast -RRB- before the water becomes passably warm . Working from home , having rambunctious teenagers and more than a few dogs , I do a lot of cleaning and hand-washing . I wasted a lot of water -LRB- water which was previously heated at some expense -RRB- trying just to get a little warm water . Worse , the dishwasher did n't change water fast enough to keep the water in the line warm , so the dishes would get rinsed in cold water every time , even if you use the water heat option for the wash . Certainly this is not a big problem , but I lived with it for five winters and decided this was the time to do something about it.I purchased this point-of-use water heater -LRB- the smallest of three versions -RRB- so that it would fit underneath my kitchen cabinet . I 've been using it for a few days now , and am thrilled that I get warm water every time , day or night , whatever happens , in about 1-2 seconds , max.Now the challenges . It was relatively easy to hook up , as long as you can , for instance , install a new faucet , and are passably familiar with plumbing sizes and patch cords , like between your water line and sink , or between the water line and toilet , etc. . I bought a new one from the line to the heater , and another from the heater to the sink . The most time-consuming thing was the drive to the hardware store . Some relatively strong turns of the attaching points , a little contorting under the sink to reconnect the hot water faucet -LRB- and a little help from the `` shop light '' , -RRB- and it 's not an overwhelming task . Do n't be shy or hesitant to look carefully for leaks . Better to make adjustments or do tightening sooner rather than later , after something gets potentially damaged.Possibly more challenging might be having an electrical outlet that can be dedicated to the water heater , which takes 1500 watts , and will certainly blow your circuit every time if you try to combine it with a dishwasher , microwave , toaster , or anything else `` thirsty '' -LRB- most things are -RRB- in the kitchen.I am very pleased with the thermostat in this product , and have done a lot of trial-and-error adjusting to make it the right temperature for me -LRB- warm , but it wo n't burn you . -RRB- I do have a `` main '' water heater , which heats water for the house , so if I am using a lot of hot water , the main water heater takes over , basically . This is okay with me , as it 's cheaper to use my main gas water heater , but not cheaper to run a lot of water trying to get it . This seems a good compromise and a good solution for me . I recommend this product for anyone with my situation who can resolve the challenges of the plumbing adjustment and electrical requirements.While I have only used this product for a few days , I have not noticed a large spike in my electrical use , and it does not seem like this is going to cost me lots to use . Hopefully the savings from using less water and less hot water will cover some of the cost of the convenience .
 I hooked this up in the kitchen sink to avoid a 30 foot run from the main HWH . It took about 1 hour under the sink and another 30 minutes installing another power outlet . The heater works great . The 2.5 gallon supply is plenty to handle dishes and hand washes . I disconnected the main supply and have not missed it .
 Great little water heater . The outside plastic case does n't even get warm on the highest setting ; really well insultated . Some changes I made : - Used a different 110v circuit to avoid overloading dishwasher or disposer circuit . The nearby disposer outlet was switched and not usable for this anyway . - At first I plumbed the garage water heater as input to this little one , but realized that would just keep wasting the energy used to heat the long line of water that arrives cool anyway . So I plumbed the cold water to the input side of the 2.5 gal unit and it still works just fine . We just have to avoid running too much hot water unnecessarily like we did previously waiting for the hot water to arrive . - -LRB- While doing this replumbing , I also moved my dishwasher line from the hot to the cold water side since it has it 's own water heater element . This means the garage hot water heater no longer supplies any hot water to this sink location . I figure this somewhat offsets the added energy use of the little one . -RRB- - I drilled holes in the covers of the Ariston to put a knob on the thermostat shaft . This allows us to dial in the lowest setting that will provide sufficient hot water for normal use . The highest setting is very hot , and can easily hurt your fingers unless you cut it with cold water . - Might be a good idea to put a low metal tray under the unit which is a code requirement in my town for standard water heaters . - I 'm considering adding a timer to turn off overnight and when we are away ; need a heavy duty one with high wattage capacity .
 We have a long run from the hot water tank to the basement sink which gets a lot of use . After waiting for 45 seconds , or so , for hot water the furnace will start up to replace all the hot water being used to travel the long distance . The solution was the Ariston GL 2.5 gal.electric mini tank water heater . I installed it under the sink and the hook-up was simple using stainless , flexible water lines . I was fortunate to have an outlet on a dedicated circuit nearby . Hot water is instant and there is an indicator light on the `` off/on '' switch to let you know when it is heating . It works well and it 's made in the USA .
 The only problems I encountered were during installation and were of no fault to the manufacturer .1 -RRB- Make sure you have an outlet that can supply a dedicated 15 AMP draw to this appliance . I was fortunate to have a 20 AMP outlet servicing my dishwasher which only draws 7.5 AMP 's and decided to share the circuit and have not tripped the breaker once in the past year with this setup .2 -RRB- At the time of installation , there was no drain pan small enough to fit under my kitchen sink so I had to fabricate my own out of a plastic storage bin . I have every confidence that the mini water heater will last a long time , but since these devices are too new on the market , there 's no telling how long the tank will last before it deteriorates and springs a leak to which you need an external drain .3 -RRB- I had to make a trip to a specialty plumber 's store in order to route the pressure relief valve into the garbage disposal inlet . These parts are not readily available at Home Depot or Lowe 's . I chose to do this in order to protect my cabinets should the thermostat fail -LRB- and get stuck to the `` on '' position -RRB- within the unit .4 -RRB- The thermostat was set to the lowest setting by the manufacturer and I had to turn it up in order to achieve the desired temperature to which I now get near instant hot water at the tap . The best part is that by the time the 2.5 gal tank has drained all of it 's hot water , I get fresh hot water from the main water heater in the garage filling the tank back up.This is definitely the best alternative solution than buying a tankless system which requires 60AMP + dedicated electrical that can substantially add the expense of the project . I 've outlined the only additional costs above which were about $ 50 in parts and took about an hour to install .
 Before this small water heater was installed under my bathroom sink , I had to run 2 gallons to get hot water . Now I have hot water instantly ... and the price at Amazon was cheaper than anywhere else .
 Great product , easy to install once I discovered that the connections were intended for typical faucet size hoses , not typical water heater size hoses . It works great . What a thrill to have instant hot water in the kitchen sink .
 This mini water heater does exactly what I needed.I needed hot water in my milk room on the farm.Easy to install and just plugs in.Haven ' t had it long but very happy so far .
 easy to install and to date works great . I have installed it under a bar sink with limited use but the unit took very little time to get up to temp .
 We installed this after recieving it Jan. 2011 waited on posting a review until now 7 mons . later , it has been working great wife is happy she does n't have to wait for hot water any more .
 We received this item quickly , it was well packaged , no damage . It works exactly as advertised and it was very easy to hook up.If I need another one , the Bosch , Ariston will be the one I purchase , from Amazon .
 I purchased the Bosch water heater to install hot water on our toy hauler trailer . It heats up quickly and was easy to install due to it 's compact size . An excellent unit at a great price !
 Did a good job . For what I bought it for ... a remote sink ... it heats enough water to wash your face and hands when needed . Does the job . Its a little larger dimentions than expected . I had just enough room ... another 1/4 '' or so I would n't have been able to fit the space !! Replaced the cord with a different one to reach about another foot of length . Shipping was fast and packing was good no damage . YES I wood recommend . Update
 This is the second one of these units I have purchased in about four years . The first one started leaking from the relief valve after about a year . I replaced the valve , but it started leaking again , and rusty water came from the hot water tap . The manual says that the anode may be shot , and it is replaceable , but I think it should have lasted longer than four years . I did not check the anode to see if it was the problem ; I just replaced the whole unit . Admittedly , the water supply here is quite harsh . I have to distil all the water I drink.I installed it under my kitchen sink . The preset temperature is fine for washing hands but too low for washing dishes . But you must be careful not to set it too high . The temperature control is fair ; it experiences moderate temperature swings . It does recover quickly . It should be on a separate circuit ; I have no problems using it on a 20-amp circuit with a dishwasher and disposer , since they do n't all run at the same time.It 's a good idea to connect it with flexible hoses . One should disconnect the heater every couple of years , drain out the water , and check the anode as regular maintenance.The new model offers one improvement
 I have a repair garage and had to replace our point of use water heater , this unit was more compact and energy efficent that the old one and once again amazon had the best price and quick shipping , yes I would recomend this item to someone how needed one like this ... Rocky
 does all it claimed , we would buy again if needed , at present the equipment is in service and does all it claimed
 Installing this water heater under the sink was a fun time as I did my homework and took my time . I even plumbed the pressure relief valve to the sink drain fitting that was designed to access the drain plug control rod . I used a 3/4 &#34; brass to a 1/2 &#34; Pex combination . The newer designed tank came with an external temp control which eliminated some of the adjustment problems that other customers had complained about . I wired under the sink from an existing outlet and installed a GFI . As a result of reading other comments , I ordered and Anode Rod -LRB- Magnesium -RRB- and a back up heating element from Zoro Tools for under $ 50.00 including postage . I read the owners manual and it states that you need to disconnect and flush the tank yearly . That I will do every 10 months along with replacing the Anode Rod . I do n't figure I will have any problems with this service plan . If you have ever had a water tank failure it will flood your house in short time . I do not have a drain pan under the heater as there is no place to drain it . I have just ordered another tank for my other bathroom as I feel I have the solution in hand for having immediate hot water . Amazon has the best price . They also offer an inline filter that I would highly recommend .
 This unit works great for our garage sink . It was priced much better than the local harware stores & fits compactly under the sink
 Instructions for installation are easy to read & follow . Pictures of equipment were clear & descriptive.Inatant hot water at kitchen faucet in TWO seconds . Very convenient
 Great little heater . Heats up water fast and hot . Fits perfect under the kitchen sink and easy to install . Would reccomend this one to anyone wanting a fast recovery heater .
 Installed under the kitchen sink - it provides immediate hot water & that is what I wanted it to do . .
 Worked as advertised . The thing I would like to see built into it is a low water pressure shutoff . This would save the heater in case there was no water in the coil . I had to install an external one . The heater I received had an external temperature control rather than having to take the cover off to adjust it , that 's a good addition .
 Works like a CHARM . Hot water as soon as I open the tap . Exactly what I need . Simple installation . In , out , power cord , and on-switch . Easy and simple.Perfect for that sink that is farthest away from the water heater . You know , the one that takes two entire minutes of wasting gallons of water waiting for it to get warm.The -LRB- 2.5 gallon -RRB- hot water does n't last too long , but good enough for hand and face wash without the stinging ice-water pain!It starts to get cool as the water in the pipe mixes with the tank water , but you should be done by then.It ALMOST did n't fit under my sink , but that may be the sink cabinet problem , not the unit.Good for the price . Works like I need it to .
 We have our water lines running through the attic because the original pluming was under the slab our house is build on and after 50 years developed some leaks . In the winter the hot water never got to the kitchen and even after several minutes running it was only luke warm . This heater provides almost instant hot water since is only ten inches from the tap and provides enough water to wash and rinse the equivalent of a full dishwashers worth of dishes by hand . -LRB- Our dishwasher heats its own water so that was never an issue -RRB- . It is great to be able to comfortably wash our hands again . It was extremely easy to install . I just disconnected the flexible hose from the faucet and connected it to the input of the heater and connected a new longer flexible hose from the heater to the faucet and plugged it in . -LRB- We were fortunate to have the electrical connection left behind from the previous owner 's garbage disposal . -RRB-
 Product works perfectly for us . We installed under the kitchen sink . Now hot water is available in seconds rather than minutes . Over the long term , I expect savings reflected on my water bill.Product is super except you would have thought that an external thermostat knob could have been designed into the product . The default setting on the water heater is 125 degrees . In order to increase the temperature , you have to remove a cover plate and a few screws in order to get to the thermostat adjustment in order to increase the water temperature-which I wanted to do . It would have cost them pennies to include an external adjustment ... but oh well . Once you 've set the temperature , you wo n't necessarily have to adjust it again.I definitely would recommend this product . Be sure to have a duplex outlet available for power .
 We purchased this water heater to install in our small church to comply with city code -LRB- hot water must be available at bathroom sink -RRB- . It was easy to install . It heats water very quickly . We tried to regulate the hot water temperature to 110 degrees F , but this seemed not possible . The water was either 100 or 120 degrees -LRB- factory set -RRB- . So we returned the thermostat to the factory pre-set and turn the water heater off when no hot water is necessary .
 My bedroom is far from the hot water heater and being both impatient and sensitive to water use issues , I washed in cold water rather than wait for the hot water to come to me . This is kind of an expensive fix , but it does work wonderfully well and it is such a joy to have warm water on a cold morning . I did have to give up storage space under the sink for this and it took my husband a couple of hours to install it . That was because it was quite difficult for him to reach a power source , but now it is in and working great
 I 've had my unit for almost two years and last month I could tell it was taking longer for the water to get hot . I decided to open it up and see what was going on . It looked like Carlsbad Cavern inside , it was loaded with calcification which was no surprise . Here in San Felipe , Baja the water has an extremely high mineral count . I removed the cover as per the instructions in the manual and dug into the rascal . I removed the heating element and put it into a vinegar solution for a few hours . There is a bit of the rod that is supposed to `` catch '' minerals , enough to clean it up . The whole project excluding the soaking period took less then an hour . I 've ordered another `` Kit '' as a spare.Buy it , it 's a neat little I use in a 26 ' trailer .
 The heater is working fine , but it could have a faster recovery period . Hot water , really hot water is not immediately available all the time . The thing we like best is that we are no longer running a gallon and a half of water down the drain or into empty milk containers before hot water comes to the kitchen tap . We live in the California desert and water is very precious .
 Having instant hot water at the kitchen sink is wonderful . This was intended as exact replacement for unit that began leaking after about 2 and a half years . I have hard water -LRB- about 700 ppm -RRB- and did not follow the instructions about periodic dismantling and cleaning . The heating element accumulated a lot of scale and finally split apart and caused a leak at the base where the electrode mounts . The leak was very gradual and was not noticed until much absorbsion occured on flooring beneath the kitchen sink and mold appeared . Rather than attempting to clean the tank and replace the effected parts , I ordered a new unit . It turns out the new unit was slightly different in physical size . It was 1/2 inch wider and an inch higher requiring modifications to my under sink arrangement -LRB- R/O filter ect -RRB- . I plan to clean the tank and replace the heating element in about a year , hopfully avoiding complications .
 After alomst 3 yrs . we are still very pleased with this unit . It is for our outdoor kitchen , works awesome ! Instantly hot water , even when it 's 32 degrees outside ! Wished my bathroom water got hot this fast ! Easy to install , great value !
 Everyone in our house seems to wash there hands in the kitchen . Our water heater is about 30 seconds away but now hot water is only 2 seconds away . Did n't even hook the hot water line back up and plenty of hot water at the sink . Great savings . Thanks Amazon for the great product at a great price .
 I installed this point of use heater on the garage wall directly underneath the bathroom sinks . I cut into the 1/2 in . copper lines to feed cold water in and hot water to the sink above . I was fortunate that we could easily isolate the sinks from the regular hot water supply to the shower and tub . It works great.Only problem was that the temp was set in the factory waaaayyy too cold . I opened the covers and bumped up the thermostat with some trial and error to get the right temp .2.5 gallons is plenty of capacity for a lavatory sink . We have not run out yet with two of us using the sinks . At first , I thought I would feed water in from the existing hot water line , but thought why do that ? The long distance to the regular heater would mean that hot water would rarely get there anyway , so I piped the supply from the cold.It has worked well for the first month . At this point , I would buy another one if I needed one .
 When you have to wait for hot water and it seams like minutes ... this point-of-use mini hot water tank is your answer .
 An excellent addition to any home . If you are tired of chapped hands from cold water . They should be installed in every new home .
 THIS ITEM WAS WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR AND THE PRICE WAS GREAT , HOME DEPOT WANTED TWICE AS MUCH
 We hooked this up in our bathroom , so the bidet we bought could have warm water that was n't too warm and we would n't have to run the water too long to get it . It works very well , with the side effect that our sink now has warm water instantly . We are very pleased with this little heater that fit in a nook we had.One of the big selling points for us is that you just plug this into an outlet , rather than having to wire it into the system . That makes it so easy to get going .
 Easy to install . Good instructions , good online info.I had some warm water in about 15 minutes.Just take note - one must hook up the relief valve pipe as well - easy to overlook.Good unit , simple operation . I 'm not paying the bill for the electricity , so have not paid attention to the cost.Wondering how long it will last , but for the moment quite satisfied with the simplicity and clean design.I 'd read somewhere in a comment that the unit is made in USA-Wrong ! Made in China , like everytning else .
 We 've had the 2 1/2 gallon heater for several weeks now , and I love it . I 'd been wanting something for a long time because my regular tank is on one end of the house and the kitchen is in the middle ; and it took only 1 minute for the water to start getting hot before , but that is an eternity when you just want to quickly rinse something and be done with it . My husband and I installed the tank under the kitchen sink . We needed one additional flexible hose and two small adapters to hook it up . We measured the inside and outside openings on the connections and went to Lowe 's and found what we needed . We had an electrical plug under the sink already for the dishwasher and disposal . I do n't use the disposal , so I used that plug . You probably could have an adapter for a third plug-in , but you might have a power problem if you tried to use two things at the same time though . It 's REALLY NICE and convenient having instant hot water .
 I sent my unit back as defective and requested a replacement . In retrospect , I am not sure it was defective . The replacement had the same problem . It did not heat the water . The manual said that the thermostat was set to 120 deg F . It was n't . To get to the temp . adj. you have to remove two cover plates and expose the guts of the wiring . There is no dial , so adjustment is trial and error . The manual is not well written.The unit is now working ok . Kudos to Amazon . They quickly and efficiently arranged for the return of the first unit and its replacement . They paid the freight both ways . Great Service !
 We had a small reem hot water heater for under the sink that lasted 4 years . This one was easier to install and heats water faster and takes up less room -LRB- both were 2 1/2 gal -RRB- . It stays cooler under the sink -LRB- it 's enclosed -RRB- than the reem .
 I had the same problem that many have with a kitchen sink on the other side of the house from the main water heater , -LRB- about 35-feet -RRB- . In winter , it would take up to 30-seconds for truly hot water to be delivered to the sink.First the bad news . When I received my Ariston GL2 .5 it was dead as disco . No power , no indicator light , no hot water . I followed the instructions and completely installed the unit before turning the water back on to fill the tank and switch the power on -LRB- installation took about 30-minutes -RRB- . Nothing happened.I checked connections , the outlet , circuit braker , and tightened the connections on the unit itself . Still nothing . I then unplugged and pulled the unit out , drained it , put it on my bench and retightened the connections on the unit once again . I plugged it in on my bench and presto , the indicator light illuminated.Took 10-minutes to reinstall and the unit has worked like a champ ever since , -LRB- 1-week at time of writing -RRB- . It was the solution I was looking for . The water coming from the faucet is hot almost immediately . I made only one adjustment to the thermostat because the water was too hot at first.It 's true , it its slightly annoying to take off the three covers to adjust the thermostat or switch the unit off . Once it 's set , it should n't be an issue any longer . I installed a regular wall outlet under my sink with an on/off switch . The GL2 .5 shares the circuit with my dishwasher , so no problems with overloads.One thing to keep in mind
 My Ariston point of service water heater is working as expected . It is possible to run it out of hot water on heavy usage . I mounted the water heater in a very restricted space under my kitchen sink so as to not impact my wife 's storage . I used flexable conection lines and an disposable aluminum roasting pan as a drip pan . I surface mounted my electrical connections feeding from up stream of the disposal switch .
 Our water heater is quite a distance from the kitchen sink so it took a long time to get the hot water to the faucet and most importantly - to the dishwasher . This water heater is just fantastic . No wasted water at all as it is hot on demand . Now that first water going to the dishwasher is HOT !
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 This bit set is made by Whiteside , arguably the finest router bit manufacturer there is . Since their reputation is solid and widespread , I wo n't comment beyond saying that these are excellent bits.What may be of more value to the reader is the fact that this bitset is recommended by Incra for their Original INCRA Jig . The same set is on their webite at -LSB- ... -RSB- for # 109.95 -LRB- and there is an additional 10 % discount at this writing via coupon WSB1. , so it 's the same price as Amazon , but you still have to pay shipping . -RRB- The Incra tech rep that I spoke with told me that these are the bits that are most commonly used with the Incra templates -LRB- the smaller dovetail bits ,1 / 4x7 .5 deg , 7/16x9 , larger bits over 3/4 '' -RSB- , and the 1/2 '' 10degree and 17/32x14 , are apparently not widely used anymore . So if you want a basic 1/2 '' shank bitset for your Incra jigs that will work with most of the Incra templates , this is probably as good as it gets.Note
 Perfect set of bits . I have no complaints at all . These manufacturers know what they are doing . Looking forward to buying more bits from Whiteside .
 What can I say ... They are Whitesides ! Beautifully made in the USA router bits that cut through oak like butter !
 This is an excellent kit for any unit that will be vented horizontally that does not exceed 18 inches from the outside of your house . In other words , you need to be mounting the water heater against the outside wall of your home for this kit to work . If you are mounting your unit against such a wall and the wall is less than 18 inches in thickness , this is a perfect kit and will have everything you need . The only downside is that the kit does not do a good job of telling you how to install the required wall heat shield . A quick call to the company can provide you with the help you will need to install it .
 One clarification for the manufacturer description : the two itemized gear clamps are for flex inlet tubing ; Z-VENT stainless exhaust sections include all necessary built-in gear clamps.J . D. Weekley was misled by his authorized installation professional :1 -RRB- The only aluminum in the kit is flex inlet tubing . Bosch specifies aluminum , PVC or galvanized for inlets .2 -RRB- 3 or 4 inch stainless category III exhaust can be used , but 3 is a better fit .4 inch requires a 3-to-4 inch increaser.Bosch specifies a 3 ft minimum exhaust length ; using 4 inch might increase that minimum.Another consideration is that 3 inch diameter is less likely to require damaging webs when run thru cinder block walls.The thru-wall vents provided for exhaust are not long enough for cinder blocks ; an additional 6-inch length of Z-VENT will be needed.One consideration not addressed by this kit is condensate disposal when a drain is not within reach ofthe drain tube supplied with the heater.For whatever reason , parts slide together so thatleading edges of inner pipes are facing exhaust gas flow , contrary to conventional flue pipes .
 This is a great product that makes your work easier . Make sure you make holes in wall first and install it then mount your hot water heater . Manafacturer could have put some extra pieces more in package for the price they charge
 This is one of the best water heater.I am sure other `` Tankless '' water heater would be equally good .
 You need it for proper installation - but the cost is way too much for what it is - not Amazon 's fault - Bosch 's fault .
 This kit worked perfectly with my Bosch Aquastar water heater . It made installation easier and safer .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 For my office , this is a perfect product . It is easy to install and it gives you instant hot water . If I had the room under the sink in the upstairs master bathroom of my home , I 'd install one there as well . It takes forever to get hot water up there and this heater would do it instantly . Great Product !
 Had an electrician install water heater and LOVE having hot water . It was easy to install , and easy to adjust . GREAT product !
 The water heater is installed outside of my kitchen wall and covered . Based on other reviews , when the water heater started to rust and leak , the damage on the kitchen cabinet floor would be a big headache . I am very happy with this water heater . The main water heater in the garage is too far from the kitchen . In the winter time , it is a pain to get hot water since the pipe travels underground . The size of this tank is just right to give me instant hot water . Before the hot water runs out from the tank , main water heater kicks in . Perfect for my purpose .
 Packed well easy to install heats up fast using it on a small shop sink that only had cold water
 We needed hot water at an outside hand washing location . This little water heater does exactly what it is made to do . We built an enclosure for the water heater as it is intended for indoor use . Piped it to the faucet and plugged it in . 15 minutes later , we had hot water . The 4 gallon tank is more than enough for what we use it for -LRB- hand washing -RRB- . 6 months have gone by and the water heater still works great .
 The Ariston 4-gallon 's small size fits nicely under my kitchen sink . I had a 5 gallon tank that took up the whole under sink area . It is in a cabin with 2 people using . It works best if you run a little water 10-15 minutes before you want really hot water . It does n't need the pre-warm up if you use it several times a day . Other than that it is great and will be getting one for my bathroom . I plan on getting one for our camper trailer since my propane one went out . We have the camper where it has electric all the time so do n't need to worry about it not being propane .
 Tank appears to be of good quality . It was a easy install . Seem to work very well . Was not listed as being made in Canada . I hope parts will be available .
 We have a small office , 6 people and it works great for us ! Only had it for about a month , but no issues thus far
 So far this works great . It was a great low cost solution for a beauty salon/barber shop that we had trouble getting the hot water to work . Instead of expensive new hot water heaters or running expensive lines to the shop , this worked out great . Took a couple of extra steps to install , but nothing to complicated .
 I replaced my RV propane water heater with this one . It is smaller than the 6 gallon water heater I had in the RV , but is doing real good . It does not fit thru the hole the old propane atwood water heater , but I did slip it in the cabinet with a little wood work .
 I have a well that has extremely hard water . After softening like crazy , the water is ok for most things but the dishwasher never cleaned completely and left a film . My wife has been patient -LRB- well maybe not -RRB- almost washing everything by hand before putting in the dishwasher for sanitizing . Enough was enough so I figured out how to tap into my undersink RO system added a booster pump and this unit to supply my dishwasher . The water is hot and clean now with no residue . Mama is happy and so am I . There were a few issues in plumbing connections but even an non-handy man can do this . Hope it lasts longer than I have seen on some posts but I plan to replace the anode rod 1/year - I have learned that that is essential to get life out of a water heater .
 The heater does a great job of providing hot water immediately at the kitchen sink which is at the opposite end of the house from the water heater -- no more wasting 2-3 gallons waiting for hot water . Installation was easy using flexible connections from the local hardware store , letting the heater simply sit on the floor under the sink . The heater even came with the pressure relief valve mounted . We are very happy with the performance of the heater .
 The installation of this mini-water heater was relatively simple for this novice . I would break the instructions out into smaller steps for those of us who can handle one small step at a time.As far as functionality it is great .
 I use this water heater EVERYDAY to wash the 100 's of jars and globes for my vintage lighting business . -LRB- TheLampGoods.com -RRB- It was easy to install and the instant hot water is FANTASTIC !
 A great little hot water heater that fits under my pedestal sink and looks clean and neat in my art studio . Only require hot water for cleaning out paint brushes and washing hands so it provides enough hot water on demand to meet my needs . Thinking of adding another at the end of the line in my home since one bath is a considerable distance from the current hot water source ? An easy install too .
 love this unit easy to install works so good I 'm heating my whole house with in-1 shower -3 sinks and a tub , but not all at once , its better than expected !
 We installed this heater in-line with the incoming hot water to our primary bathroom and basement half-bath , in order to have quick hot water to the shower and lavatories . Used to take 50 seconds for warm/hot water to arrive . It 's now six seconds.I 've installed a temporary power monitor in the heater circuit and find that it 's using 21 kwh per month ; $ 3.40 in our area . -LRB- Two occupants -RRB- - Definitely worth the cost and effort.I installed the unit myself up between floor joists in the cellar . Fits nicely , although it took a little planning to arrange things efficiently . - And why not ?
 I LOVE YOUR WEB SITE -- WE HAD TO RETURN BOTH HEATERS AS THEY WERE TOO BIG -- I JUST THOUGHT THE 2 GAL WOULD BE SMALLER THAN THE 4 GAL -- NOT SO ------ BUT THE ARE GREAT PRODUCTS & THE PRICE WAS OUTSTANDING -- WE HOPE TO DO MUH BUSINESS -- GOOD WAY TO SHOP
 My stars rating really has nothing to do with this product ... I just want to mention that an on-demand recirculating pump is possibly a better choice for `` instant '' hot water . They consume very little energy - much less than a small hot water tank .
 I needed a new small hot water heater to replace a 6 gallon one that had failed 2 x 's previously . The Ariston was a great choice . Very nicely designed , super easy to hook up . The initial hot water setting was a bit low , so I upped it to max and it really delivers just the right amount I need at a nice hot temp . The unit recovers quickly .
 Picked this size because it was the biggest I could get that fit where I wanted it , under a counter . Pretty simple and easy to install . The RV was not screwed into the tank in line with the tank , and it was impossible to turn it , which made the piping to it a bit tough . Otherwise it works great .
 This item was a replacement , it took only a few minutes to install and works flawlessly . I had to adjust the water temperature but that also was very easy .
 I did n't know what exactly to expect of this product.All I knew was that I was sick and tired of having to wait forever for the hot water to get to the kitchen sink.And the expence of having to heat all that coldwater that was just going down the drain , and being replaced with more cold water in the hot water heater . Waste and more waste . One second now and I have hot water in the sink.Some adjustment is reqired to get the water the tempture you want it at . No big deal ! Now i have to readjust it again , because I have it too hot . Again , no big deal ! I 'm extremely happy with this product , and may get one for my shower after awhile . Thomas Cleavenger
 Easy hook up . Took a minimal amount of time for the initial hot water to be available . Since then hot water at a turn of the faucet . We Love It !!
 This is a well-made product and installed easily in about an hour . I wish I would have purchased the 6-gallon unit however as 4 gallons goes quickly . I do not have a family but I do have pets and I can run out of the hottest water if I 'm not watchful .
 This water heater was just what we needed . The only issue was the temp had to be turned up which required opening up the front panel . It was an easy process though . I would recommend this heater . It was about $ 50 less than homedepot and free shipping .
 This is easy to install , relatively small for a 4-gallon tank , and not bad overall . Good value . the only neg is that you have to remove a few plates to adjust the temperature , and that the on/off switch uses symbols that are not easily understood , so you do n't know right away which is on and which is off . But there is a light in the switch that makes that obvious once you 've actually gotten power to it , so that 's no big deal .
 This mini-tank water heater was easy to install and has been very useful in our kitchen . It works great under our island and dishwasher . I love the fact that when we want hot water it is there almost instantly .
 This mini-tank water heater works very well and we love not having to wait for hot water at the kitchen sink . The form-factor is also very convenient for mounting under the kitchen sink , unlike some other small point-of-use water heaters.I have this hooked up inline with a gas tankless water heater and I wanted to know how much this new heater was costing me in electricity , so I hooked up a meter to check it out for a few weeks . It turns out that , with our normal usage , it uses just about 5 KWH/week - which works out to about $ 2/month in our area.Before this heater , we had to run a full 2 gallons of water down the drain before getting hot water to the sink - which was both a big pain and somewhat wasteful . With this 4 gallon heater , we basically have an instant and endless supply of hot water at the sink since the hot water from the main tankless unit arrives before the water cools too noticeably . I 've also noticed that it seems to heat water on it 's own very quickly.The biggest problem with this water heater is how much of a pain it is to set the thermostat . You basically have to remove 3 panels and then turn a dial that is n't labeled at all . In order to get it set to the same temperature as my main water heater , I ended up using an instant-read thermometer and moving the thermostat dial as I filled the tank with cold water and let it reheat it to the set temp . The process took a while , but I should n't have to do that again.Overall , I 'm very pleased with the purchase and would recommend this water heater.Edit
 If your living in a place like mine where your hot water heater is a long way from the kitchen sink , then you are probably going crazy like I was waiting and waiting for the hot water to finally get to the faucet . There are technical ways to remedy this , but they involve a lot of plumbing , auxiliary pumps , and ripping half your house apart . Since I rent , I was thinking that the landlord would n't take to kindly to this idea . So I started casting about for a better solution.That 's when I came up with the idea of putting a little water heater as close to the kitchen faucet as possible . With this , the hot water is right there where you need it . No waiting and wasting a lot of water while running the faucet so that a half mile of plumbing warms up . ` Only problem is a tiny tank has very limited capacity . If you 're only washing a dish or two like me , then no problem . But if you wash a sink full of dishes , it will quickly run out.But the trick is to hook this little heater right in line with the hot water supplied from the big tank . As you draw hot water , cold water will go into the small heater , but only for a gallon or two . Then as you continue to draw hot water , the small heater now has hot water being supplied to it , so the hot water just keeps on coming.I checked around with local suppliers and found small hot water heaters , but most were kinda short and stubby and would n't fit under the sink well at all . But I stumbled upon this neat deal from Ariston . It 's a nice clean design , well insulated , and fits under the sink extremely well . I also felt that the price was very reasonable considering how nice it is . The funny thing is , it seems to be specifically designed for exactly the idea I had in mind . It was a snap to install.So you may be thinking
 Ever since we moved into our new house my wife has complained about how long it took the hot water to get to the kitchen sink from the hot water heater in the garage . Since installing the Ariston GL 4 , she has been ecstatic !! Hot water is instant . It is such a pleasure not to have her complain about our former water problem . Even when I am `` forced '' to do the dishes , I ca n't complain about our lack of hot H2O . Installation was easy except for the ill-fitting two top fittings . They will accept the hose extentions -LRB- hardware store -RRB- , but you must be firm and patient . It took away alot of our storage space beneath the sink , but it was worth it .
 A lot of the reviews cite this product for use in addition to their water heaters for added hot water . However , if you are flat broke , without money to buy propane/gas or the electricity to run an electric water heater , then this is for you ! We went three years with no hot water , having to heat it in canners on top of the stove and then carry it to the destination . With this heater we have plenty of hot water to wash dishes , wash your hands , whatever you need ! When it runs out of water it takes about 30 min to heat again , but when we 're just using it like you normally would throughout the day , we never run out of hot water . Now , in the winter when someone wants to take a bath , we heat one 4 gallon canner of water and then run the 4 gallons from the heater and get a piping hot bath ! Since getting this for Christmas , we have not noticed any change in our electric bill . In the summer I think that the heater alone provide enough water for a bath -LRB- does n't need to be as hot -RRB- . We are even considering getting another one of these to use in the winter.Okay , so the temperature is hard to adjust , I did it once -LRB- turned it to high -RRB- and I do n't see why I ever need to adjust it again ? To save electricity , when we 're not home or at night , it has a on/off switch in the red bubble on the front that I just flip off . So instead of adjusting the temp -LRB- like you would on a regular water heater -RRB- to save energy , just turn the thing off!Well worth the investment ! Good luck !
 This water heater works very well , outperforming the old InSinkErator 4 gallon model I had . It seems to put out more hot water , in spite of having the same capacity . The heating element lasts longer too . What does n't seem to last so long , or work so well , is the thermostat . The first one failed , and the second one does n't hold a consistent temperature .
 I installed this in the basement about 18 feet under a second floor bathroom where hot water previously had to travel 60 feet . I rigged it so the old hot water line goes into the Ariston . My wife is now happy . She gets hot water in a minute instead of five . Installation was not bad if you have some plumbing skills . I got this model because of the 120v plug in . I do a lot of DIY but I 'm not into running 220 lines . Hope I get many many years out of this .
 Heater arrived in great shape . I installed it under the sink in our pool house . It took about an hour to plumb the tank and install a recp . I wound up setting the thermostat just a tad past `` Ideal '' . After that , the water temp was just about right to suit me . Works great for cleaning up bbq utensils , plates , etc. . I definitely recommend .
 I installed this about 2 months ago . Wow ! Both my wife and I love having hot water . I have one main hot water heater , and two bathrooms at the far end of the house . It took at about a minute to get hot water to the sinks . So , every time you washed your hands -LRB- we have a baby in the house -- so this is quite often -RRB- , you either wait a minute or wash with cold water.Not any more ! I have both the up and down sinks plumbed to one of these . The upstairs gets hot water instantly , the downstairs takes about 5 seconds to get hot water . I hooked the tank to the cold water line -- and have had plenty of hot water -LRB- have never even gotten close to draining it -RRB- . I am confident I am saving money , too . Pumping a few gallons of water down the drain to get hot water not only wastes water , but it means the main tank is having to heat water just to sit in pipes.I ca n't make any comments about longevity and issues with having to clean the tank . I 'll report back if I run into any problems .
 So I bought this as we needed to new hot water tank in our RV ... okay maybe not needed , but with the price of propane along with the danger of fire in an RV I opted for one of these . I removed the propane RV and installed this one right in its place , 30 mins later ... install was done ... 30 mins later HOT WATER ! After 4 months of cold showers or microwave sponge baths this is awesome . Would I recommend if you have the space for a larger tank ... . nope I 'd go with the 6 gallon . But we just rinse , shut it off soap up , rinse , shampoo , rinse , conditioner , rinse ... . you get the idea ... each time just shutting it off -LRB- the water right at the shower head -RRB- in between . In a large house with a huge bathroom probably not so fun but in our little 3x3 bathroom - it says nice and warm even with the water off ... . excellent value and highly recommended .
 I believe that we should not waste water.I have my water heater about 60 ft.from the kitchen , so I thought this would be a good investment to save water and electric.I all ready seen my electric bill drop down.It also save on my water.We supply our dish washer with it .
 We purchased this in order to supply hot water at kitchen sink that is a long run from main water heater . It works as intended , with immediate hot water , at a user-adjustable heat level , and keeps up with most kitchen needs in a month of use . And when the distant main hot water heater finally gets hot water to the kitchen -LRB- after a couple of minutes -RRB- , this point-of-use water heater does not have to add as much heat rise from that time on . The user-adjustable temperature setting requires some effort to change , but it can be done.Because I am not skilled at plumbing installations , we had this installed by a professional plumber . This turned out to be a good idea because it seemed more involved than a typical amateur plumbing project . We are very satisfied with the end results .
 Every since we built our house 20 years ago , my wife has complained about the hot water in our kitchen . Our furance is 52 feet away from the kitchen facuet . On a cold morning , it would take minutes of running the water for it to get hot . Yesterday I installed this heater , and wow what a difference . Within 6 seconds I now have hot water . My wife is so happy , I should have done this years ago .
 I bought this item about a month ago . Before I hooked this mini heater up it would take a minute and a half to get hot water to the kitchen sink . I now get hot water in about 7 seconds . So far so good !!! In addition I did not see a significant pressure drop . I have 3/4 '' all the way to the tank and after the tank then reduce down to a 1/2 '' for the last two feet or so . The tank fittings are 1/2 '' so I had to reduce on both inlet and outlet fittings.I did do something a little different with respect to intallation . I put three valves in to isolate/bypass this tank . This is for if something goes wrong with the tank or need to drain the tank I can valve the water off and take the unit out . The bypass valve logic is that I can still get hot water -LRB- eventually -RRB- while the mini unit is out of service.Hope this information helps .
 I hated running water down the drain for up to one minute many times a day before the hot water finally got to the kitchen sink . Often I was done washing my hands or cleaning the dishes when it was just getting to luke warm . This heater was easy to install , and I now have hot water within seconds . They had this same heater at Home Depot , but they charged about $ 50 more , plus tax.The factory thermostat setting was set too low , about 106 degrees . I adjusted it all the way up , and the water heated to 150 . -LRB- It is NOT difficult to adjust . -RRB- I now have it set about 140 degrees , which is perfect for us . Not only is the instant hot water a great convenience , but now we 're saving many gallons of water every day . The heater has been worth every penny.One more thing , I thought it was going to take up more room under the sink than it does . It actually fit very easily with room to spare ; but measure before you order !
 Delivers hot water at the kitchen sink without having to wait for it to come from the boiler . Good price for what we got especially if it lasts awhile .
 This water heater was purchased to use in a floating boat house , and has proven to be exactly what was needed . Supplies adequate hot water for washing dishes and hands . I can unplug it when not needed .
 This small hot water heater is great . Very easy to install and hookup.Now I have hot water at the kitchen sink in 4 seconds instead of 30 .
 I installed it under the sink and now have instant hot water . I am very happy with it - I do n't `` LOVE IT '' .
 I have mine about one year and it works great . If I had it to do over I would get the 2gal thats all you need in home use . I have the unit in my bath which is a long way from my hot water heater so it takes a long time and a lot of water before it gets hot . The electric bill is killer so I found that I only plug it in 5 or 10 min before I use the hot water , it gets hot very fast then I pull the plug as soon and I stop using the water and it will stay hot for a long time this keeps the cost way down .
 So far , this product is excellent . It works exactly how it was advertised and it was easy to install . I installed it in the master bathroom , the run from our tankless water heater was too far from the bathroom and it wasted too much water waiting for the hot water to arrive . But now we have hot water , almost instantly , to both of our sinks , it is great .
 I added a half bathroom that is forty feet from the existing hot water heater . To save on installation of a seperate hot water line , I purchased the Bosch GL4 Ariston 4-gallon point-of-use hot water heater on review . I ran only one cold water line to the new bathroom and with this water heater I now have instant hot water when we need it . I saved on installation cost plus we have instant hot water with out the wait for it to arrive from the existing hot water heater . I am a hero for the family every time someone washes their hands .
 Bosch GL4 Ariston 4-Gallon Point-of-Use Indoor Electric Mini-Tank Water Heater is great ! Delivery was fast , terrific packaging too ! My husband found it easy to install and it does the job that we wanted in our master bath . Hot water instantly ! Five Stars !
 Product works just like it is suppose to . Amazon had the best price and the shipping was quick
 I would recommend this water heater for light use . I replaced my water heater in an RV with this and it works great for this use.Dont know if it would handle larger use requirements.Easy to install .
 When our new house was being designed , we knew the kitchen would be a long way from the other use points of hot water . Our previous house had a similar situation , and waiting for hot water was always an irritation , as well as a waste of water . We asked the builder what he would suggest . He recommended against a constantly circulating `` hotel hot water '' system , as it was expensive to install , and there would be a lot of energy loss from all that hot water being circulated through loops of pipes . He suggested this instead . It is in the crawl space , hung from the joists directly under the kitchen sink , and fed by the hot water line from the larger hot water heater about 40 feet away . It works perfectly . Hot water in less than two seconds , and we never run out . I now recommend this to everyone . We have been using it for a year , and have had no problems .
 I installed one of these in-line with our main water heater to supply two bathroom sinks with `` instant '' hot water . It used to take about 60 seconds with the valves fully open to get hot water , with perfectly good water going down the drain . Now it takes less than one second for my wifes sink because the unit is located directly underneath hers , and about 2 seconds for mine . It took me about 2 1/2 hours to run electricity under the cabinet , run some cpvc to feed my faucet , and hook the water heater up . If I did n't need to do the electrical and plumbing work it would have been done in 15 minutes ! I 'm giving serious consideration to getting another for our kitchen sink ! I now realize I could have used the smaller unit instead of the 4.0 gallon one . Same price but smaller footprint and I think it would have served the same purpose .
 Used to replace an electric water heater in an RV . Works as described with a convenient dial to adjust temperature and turn on and off . Heats up fast . It would be nice to have a way drain it without taking it out and turning it upside down .
 We purchased Bosch GL4 Ariston mini-tank water heater mainly for instant hot water needed for our dishwasher which required water temp to be around 120 degree because we have long waterline run from our main water heater to dishwasher it took forever to get hot water so this mighty little unit works perfect for our need . The unit is very easy to set up and does everything as advertised for those looking at 2.5 gal I suggest paying the extra $ 10.00 or so and go with the 4 gal unit the dimensions are almost identical in size so you get more bang for your buck . Once a year maintenance is required for optimum performance which only takes a few minutes to do . The only precaution I would offer when first using this unit be very careful when turning on hot water faucet as it comes out very hot it took us a while to get used to ! with that being said great little unit I would highly recommend Bosch mini-tank water heater .
 I installed one of these in the kitchen . Now , we have hot water coming out of the faucet within a second or two . It makes rinsing off dishes or washing hands a snap . It was so nice I ended up getting my mom one for christmas.Pros : - Installation was easy . All it took was a couple braided stainless steel hoses and a valve with two output connections -LRB- one to the sink and one to the dish washer -RRB- . Plug it in , adjust the temperature , and you 're good to go . - Of course , instant hot water.Cons : - Limited capacity . This is obvious enough , but you may need to change your usage habits . You ca n't turn it on and let it run for 10 minutes straight or you 'll end up with cooler water coming out of the faucet . All the cool water from your pipes ends up in the tank and then comes out the faucet . - Takes up some space . I 've now installed two of these . In our kitchen , I was fortunate to be able to put it in some dead , unused space under the counter . The other one had to go under a sink and now takes up about 1/3 of the under-sink space . - Can burn you if you are n't careful . It has a temperature adjustment . Check it . If you are n't careful , you can set it so you get scalding hot water out of your sink as soon as you turn it on.Notes / tips : - You 'll be in for some additional electrical work if you do n't have an always-on outlet near where you want hot water . - Make sure you have enough space . Check the manual if you have any space concerns . It has detailed drawings . - Consider hooking it to your cold water line . In our house , it 's hooked to the hot water line . We only ever use it for a few seconds at a time , so it 's drawing hot water from our big water heater into the attic pipes where it cools off and cold water gets pulled into the tank . Totally pointless and a waste of energy . One of these days I 'll probably get around to switching it . - It has a pressure-release valve on top . You 're supposed to hook it to a drain . Conveniently enough , a 3/4 '' PVC plug also fits the opening . Plugging it is more convenient but might be against code and/or could cause other bad things to happen . Just something to consider ...
 Installed this outside in a new kitchen by the pool . Perfect for a limited uses hot water requirement as an outdoor kitchen . Only need a cold water feed and is small and compact . Can be plugged into standard wall outlet , since it only draws 12.5 amps .
 We should have done this years ago . When I think of the water we have wasted because our hot water heater is at the opposite end of the house from the kitchen it makes me sick . This is a great product , easy to install and gives us hot water in 8 seconds .
 I have lived in our house 4 years now and have always said I was gon na do something about how long it took to get from the hot water heater to our bathroom ... It was about 1min and 20Sec with a waste of lots of water . We put it in last week and now its 6-7 Seconds to the shower less for the wash basins . Installation was involved . Needed to find the pipes in the wall -LRB- We have Concrete floors -RRB- , and had to install a 110v outlet . Soldering in all the pipe took about 2-3 hours using 5 or 6 elbow 's a couple feet of 3/4 '' copper pipe , I put it in-line with the hot water heater , 2 flex hoses from wall to tank . All the items cost about $ 120.00 , replaced a piece of sheet rock 3 ` x6 ' -LRB- $ 7.00 -RRB- and taped it myself . I did all the work , and it was n't too bad for a 67 year old guy . Tank was $ 169.00 on Amazon , parts were $ 120.00 so for a total cost of $ 289.00 . Not real bad , and works really great . Not so bad , , , , give it a go ...
 Installed the water heater under my kitchen sink since I always had a long wait for hot water to the sink and dishwasher . Installation was easy and now I enjoy hot water instantly . My only complaint is I 've had to adjust the water temperature several times to get it right and it would be a lot easier if the thermostat adjustment had temperature readings where you knew where you were in the process . Other than that it 's great and I would recommend to anyone .
 easy to install plug in and it works , so far so good but only had a week , longevity is what i am looking for
 I foolishly installed an electric tankless H2O heater when I built my house . It does okay for the shower which is only8 feet away , but for the other faucets in the house it takes up to 5 minutes to get warm water , and yes I mean JUST warm . I installed this under my kitchen sink in about 30 minutes , and now have plenty of HOT water . This unit comes highly recommended .
 This product works like a dream . It took forever to get hot water into the kitchen . With this water heater I have instant hot water , and have not ran out of hot water yet , even when using the dishwasher . I had the Ariston 2.5 gallon for 5 years and it started leaking , I decided to upgrade to a larger one and I love it 1.5 gallons more than the original one . My next door neighbor wants one now !
 Simple to install if an electric outlet is handy . Indicator light provides good feedback . Temperature adjust right on the front.A proper drain pan and overpressure line could be a bit of a hassle but otherwise no big deal . -- just works
 I purchased this product to allow me to have instant hot water at the kitchen sink and not have to run a long line from the water heater to the sink.True is only a 4 gallon unit and that limits the amount of hot water to be used but the recovery is very fast and if that does not cover it than a tank less would be the next step .
 Our water heater was too far from the kitchen sink . Mounted under the sink , it gives instant hot water for small use .
 The Bosch GL4 Point of Use water heater has performed as advertised.I connected to to the hot water line which gives me instant and continuos hot water.Very easy to install.The hardest part of installation was getting AC 120 volt power to the unit .
 I bought this water heater for my coffee shop . It works perfect ! It heats the water and is cost efficient ! It also is compact so it does not take up a lot of space .
 Our whole house hot water heater is on the other side of the house from our master bath . It took several minutes before getting hot water ! Imagine your wife getting up in the middle of the night to go piddle , washes hands with ice water and then decides she is going to snuggle up to you . OMG her ice cold hands on my chest would wake the dead ! Trust me , getting this hot water heater was out of self-preservation . All joking aside , it is a great hot water heater . Installation was not too bad if you know how to do basic plumbing . The directions say to connect inlet to cold water supply , but I did as other reviewers did and used the hot water supply . This way , if I do empty the 4 gal tank , hopefully the hot water from my main heater would have started filling . Thus if the inlet water is hot going in the tank , it does n't take as much energy to return to temp . Speaking of temp , the default temp was way too cool for my liking . I bumped it up just a quarter turn and it was just fine . I did n't go as far as putting a instant read thermometer under the running water , I just did the ole hand under the water test.If you are not a plumber or have n't done much plumbing the directions provided in the owner 's manual are pretty vague.You will also need a GFCI electrical receptacle installed under the sink if you do not have one already there.Here are some simple instructions , I am giving more detail but you will need some common sense and some knowledge of how to do plumbing . If you are not sure , hire a professional!What you will need :1 . Two Stainless Steel Braid Hoses - '' NPT -LRB- FIP -RRB- Female -LRB- Tank Side -RRB- on one end and 3/8 '' Female Compression -LRB- Supply Valve Side -RRB- on the other . 3/8 '' Compression is most common size , but verify with your supply valve prior to going to hardware store . Mine was 3/8 '' Compression .2 . One cut off valve with 3/8 '' Compression fittings -LRB- Male -RRB- for both in/out .3 . Dishwasher Wye Tailpiece to match your sink drain pipe . Mine was 1 '' with 5/8 '' barb fitting for the wye -LRB- This is for the pressure relief valve -RRB- I used a PVC piece , you can use plastic or brass .4 . '' NPT -LRB- FIP -RRB- Male to Barb fitting , match the barb to the size hose you will be using to connect to the drain . -LRB- Item 3 -RRB- I used 5/8 '' barb .5 . Flexible clear tube appropriate size and length for connecting Pressure relief valve to drain . I used 5/8 '' Clear Tubing.Instructions :1 . Shut the existing hot water supply valve under the sink .2 . Disconnect the existing hose that goes from supply vale to sink . Have an old towel handy , you may have a little water .3 . Connect new SS Braid Hose 3/8 '' end to the Original Hot Water Supply Valve -LRB- You may have different size , verify prior to going to hardware store -RRB- 4 . Connect the '' end of the SS Braid hose -LRB- Step 3 -RRB- to the inlet connection on the tank -LRB- BLUE -RRB- Use Teflon tape on the pipe threads prior to connecting the fitting .5 . Connect the '' end of the second SS Braid Hose to the outlet connection on the tank -LRB- RED -RRB- Use Teflon tape on the pipe threads prior to connecting the fitting .6 . Connect the shut off valve -LRB- Item 2 -RRB- to the 3/8 '' end of the SS Braid Hose -LRB- Step 5 -RRB- 7 . Connect the existing hose that goes to the sink to the new shut off valve in step 6.8 . Install the Dishwasher Wye Tailpiece -LRB- Item 3 -RRB- between the Sink drain and trap pipes .9 . Connect the '' NPT -LRB- FIP -RRB- to Barb -LRB- Item 4 -RRB- to the pressure relief valve , again using Teflon tape .10 . Connect the Clear Tubing -LRB- Item 5 -RRB- to the barb in step 911 . Connect the other end of the clear tubing to the barb on the Dishwasher Wye Tailpiece . -LRB- Item 3 -RRB- 12 . Open Original Hot Water Supply Valve , look for leaks . You will hear water entering the tank .13 . Open new shut off valve , look for leaks .14 . Open hot water faucet on sink , let run until all the air is gone .15 . Plug in the Hot Water Heater and enjoy !
 I am very pleased with the 2 units I purchased . They were very easy to install and are producing point-of-use hot water for me without the need to run hot water lines throughout the building . Not suited to a medium or high flow location but works just fine for supplying hot water to our clean-up sinks in the school .
 Was confused as to the benefits between the GL and the GL Ti units . So I called and spoke with a Technical person at Bosch directly . He told me that the GL is a retail unit while the GL Ti is the EXACT SAME wholesale unit . He also told me that they both are built with the Titanium -LRB- Ti -RRB- Glass liner . While the Ti has an 8yr warranty on the Glass unit , and the regular GL has only 6 years , I see little gain in the extra 2 years for the Ti , unless the price for both are very close . Bottom line same units . This applies to the 2.5 , 4 and 6 gallon models .
 When our hot water heater went out I began gathering information on water heaters . Because I am on a well and live in a draught stricken area watching 4 gal . of water go down the kitchen drain every time I needed hot water was nerve racking . I was considering putting the new water heater on the back porch closer to the kitchen and redoing the plumbing . Then I saw this little gem . It is the only one I saw that you could install in line with your house hot water . My daughter had the same problem so I bought 2 . It wash ' t bad to hook up . Our biggest problem was pulling out our dishwasher so my husband could change something and give me a plug in for it . We both love them . Turn the knob , hot water . The fact that it is in line with my big water heater I thought was a real plus and no one had to change around any plumbing or look at a water heater on the back porch .
 I purchased this water heater for a temporary living situation where only 110v power is available . I have it hooked up to my shower and my sink . The water heats up quickly - I plug it in 15-30 min before a shower , and again around dinner time so I can wash dishes . 4 gallons is barely enough for a shower , but I can manage , and the result is far superior to a cold shower . I knew when I bought this product that it was only 4 gallons , so I did not expect long hot showers . It works perfectly as a small hot water heater when only 110v is available .
 Old titan water heater gave out , ariston arrived quickly and installed quickly , 1 hourwe are planning on installing more of them in another house that has 4 bathrooms and two kitchens . It is not mfg. in Italy as the label states mfg. in china .
 I live in a small travel trailer and my water heater died -LRB- started leaking -RRB- after spending a week drying out the carpet under my kitchen cabinets -LRB- only a man would do that LOL -RRB- I started looking for another water heater , since the standard RV/Travel Trailer water heater was out of my price range and I was tired of cold showers -LRB- I LOVE civilization -RRB- I looked into the Bosch Ariston water heaters , I settled on this particular one because of price -LRB- THANK YOU Amazon.com -RRB- , size and the reviews I had read.It is less than 3 feet from my kitchen to my bathroom and since I use the water saver button on my shower head when I take a shower I have not run out of hot water.I installed it myself and I must have done it right since planet earth is still here -LRB- LOL -RRB- . In a nutshell if I can install one in a small area ANYONE can.The only draw back is that getting to the thermostat so one can adjust temperature could be made easier.Lexie Jean Gillmore
 Easy install and a great product . Havent had any problems like others have posted . Thermostat is right up front and easy to adjust . Make sure you have enough room under your sink . I had to do some replumbing under the kitchen sink to make it fit .
 We ordered this item to install under our kitchen sink to serve kitchen sink and dishwasher . We received Model GL4S , an updated model that includes an external knob to control the thermostat , an improvement that addresses earlier reviewers ' comments about the need to remove covers to access the thermostat . Installation was easy using a few plumbing parts that were readily available at the local hardware store . We already had an unused outlet on a dedicated 20 amp circuit under the sink , so we just plugged the unit in . Actual measured temperature of the hot water at maximum setting was 132 degrees F , and 106 degrees at `` Ideal '' mid-range setting . Our dishwasher specs call for 120 degree water , so this is satisfactory . Capacity seems to be sufficient . Dishwasher can use more that 4 gallons in a cycle , but fills in smaller batches at various points throughout the cycle with enough time between fills to allow the water heater to recover . It 's too soon to address longevity issues . So far , so good .
 I am rateing this strictly on looks and quality of the construction , have not installed it yet , we are just finnishing up the tack room in our barn , that is where we are going to be useing it , ca n't wait to install and have hot water . It looks great and very simple to use , easy to install .
 does all it claimed , we would buy again if needed , at present the equipment is in service and does all it claimed
 I installed this water heater in the tack room of my new barn . The installation was pretty straightforward . It works great . I keep it set just barely on and it stays the perfect temperature for adding water to my horse 's mash . I see no increase in my electric bill .
 Received item on time , and it works just fine to heat the cold water running out to my shop building hand washing sink .
 This product is meant for point of use , but I used it as a whole house heater for my mobile home . It worked fine .
 WAS MY SECOND ONE PURCHASED AND WILL BE ORDERING ANOTHER ONE . THEY HEAT WATER VERY WELL , I HAVE YET TO RUN OUT AND BE DISAPOINTED . IT IS EASY TO INSTALL , FITS IN A SMALL AREA WORKS SINK AND SHOWER , AND THE COST WAS VERY AFFORDABLE .
 This is not my first Ariston water heater . I could n't be more pleased , and recommend them highly . Go buy one .
 It 's embarrassing for me , as I thought these screws were breaking when in fact I was using a too small square head that at some point twisted free in the socket . If you use the correct size square head -LRB- number 2 -RRB- on your impact wrench , the screws will work wonderfully.Bosch CCSQ2205 Number 2 Square Recess , 2-Inch 5 Pack
 I am building a wooden boat and have been using this screw for both tooling and plywood . It tightens well and drives without pre-drilling .
 I 'm on my second box of these after using the first box to help install some deck and siding . The thread has a serrated edge which bites into wood very well and the square drill bit allows more torque than a Philips . The price is great for stainless steel screws . I have found it very handy to have rustproof , stainless steel screws around for other rain-exposed projects like mounting an outdoor clock , artwork , and a landscape light transformer .
 We bought this unit for Dog Grooming . The two weeks that we used it so far it works great , only had one time that we ran out of hot water and not sure why . Like everything you buy , if you think about what your needs are and do your purchases according to that in most cases you will be happy with the item you bought . And we are happy with the Ariston 6 + .
 this unit is great , we put it in our cabin with a wall switch to control it and it works fantastic . Turn it on and a half hour later it 's ready with plenty of HOT water for a couple nice showers -LRB- 1.5 gpm shower head -RRB- do the dishs etc. shut it off , and have nice very warm water the next morning . usually never even turn it on till evening again . . great product . we have been using it for @ 1 year now
 My husband installed this out in our pool house . We had only cold running water out there and it was quite cold in the winter . Also you could n't wash dishes in cold water . This hot water heater works fantastic , heats up quick and runs hot water for a long time . Best thing we ever bought for the pool house . He installed it in less than an hour . He does have experience with sink installations , he is a carpenter now , and he has worked on water and gas pipes in the past as he worked on the natural gas pipeline . I am considering getting another one to put in my master bathroom , because our big old house takes too long for the hot water to get up there . My father has two of these as well . He uses them under his sink , for instant hot water for hot drinks .
 I bought this water heater for my HE washing machine , I have a tankless water heater heater and the washing machine was putting too much of a load on it , the on off on off of the water heater was concerning me , now I do n't need to worry . The only issue that I had was the plug that was sent with the unit had bad threads , luckily I had one and was able to get it up and going . If not for that little hiccup , I would have given 5 stars
 I had my RV water heater spring a leak and found that it would cost me over $ 500 to replace it . I very seldom used the propane part of the heater so started looking for a suitable replacement . Using the Internet I researched various possibilities and selected this item . I had to do a little adjustments to the area but it finally fit where the original was . Works great .
 We needed hot water in a small guest house and we ordered this 6 gallon model . It has n't been used but a couple of times and so far has been great . Adequate hot water for a shower even when my daughter washes her hair ! When not in use we shut it off at the breaker box - water stays fairly warm for over 24 hours . Four out of five stars because I would like to see more usage and how well recovery is .
 I put in a kitchen down stairs because my wife has problems with climbing stairs . I installed this unit under the sink area for use to the Dishwasher and the Sink . Plenty of HOT Water for all the needs . Very easy unit to install . The only problem was the Brass plug that came with the unit , it had bad threads and kept leaking so had to go buy a new plug and no more leaks . Good product for the price.I plan on getting a smaller one -LRB- only in propane -RRB- for my camp RV .
 Purchased product to install under kitchen sink in lieu of re-routing hot water line in attick due to leak in slab . Works well so far - adequate heat and supply -LRB- including dishwasher -RRB- , and operates quietly .
 Heater works well . I use it in a travel trailer . Nice for my application .
 Installed this under a sink in a garage . Delivers hot water immediately at good volume . Much better than a previous one from another Manufacturer I have used . For simple sinks and such , this heater is the way to go .
 I purchased this water heater because the house we just bought did n't have hot water going to the laundry room . We hooked it up directly from the outside water source to the washer and it works great .
 I got this to replace an old Monkey Wards water heater from the 1980 's -LRB- yeah it was about time -RRB- I have this thing running a sink in a public restroom and a sink in the employee lounge , works fine.Hook up was so easy a computer tech could do it lol .
 Point of use for the bathroom works great as an additional water heater when tankless is used . It would have been better if an option was available for mounting it on a wall in the horizontal position - bracket for mounting is for vertical mount only .
 Had it installed in our bathroom some 2 weeks ago and it provides hot water instantly . Works just as advertised .
 I purchased this water heater as an emergency replacement when our old gas high efficiency one started leaking badly . I needed something to produce hot water and not require a lot of rewiring to use . I could n't replace the gas one immediately as I have n't been able to find a short high efficiency gas water heater -LRB- has the blower on the exhaust and uses no chimney -RRB- , all of the ones I had found were too tall for my basement . This one was very easy to install and works great . The showers have to be short . This is the biggest complaint I have had . I did change the shower head to a low GPM one and installed a water shut valve switch before the shower head and it helped . Basically you get wet , shut off the water , soap up , and then turn the water back on and rise off . Works for now and it gives me time to find another gas water heater . I am not sure how much the electric bill changed from using it .
 I have waited sometime to really use this and see how it goes . We needed to replace our existed water heater . Our system is easy . It is a travel trailer occupied by 2 adults . We chose this water heater as our replacement . Installation was easy , some rewiring of our electrical system , some adapters for the fittings-that I found at Lowes . Make sure you get the fittings that attach to the water heater tight . With the water completely cold to completely hot takes less than 10 minues . Yes , our water heater is HOT . The themostat is not all the way up and the water will scald if you are not careful . The hat water will last for a shower .
 This unit can be mounted vertically or horizontally . Excellent as a vanity sink or kitchen sink . I used it to back up a 30 gallon tank for a shower . This unit made it possible to take two showers without running short of hot water . It could be used in an RV providing you take very short showers with a low flow rate.You should know recovery time is 55 minutes !
 I read a lot of reviews on this item before i bought it and im glad i did , it works great on my 28ft camper i would defnitely recommend it .
 Dear Mr. Installed This In An RV In 5 Seconds Flat : Apparently yours is the Hearst trailer . This thing is exactly .5 '' too large , somewhere , to fit anywhere . Finally re-plumbed w / new sink & drain to make it almost fit -- because that was $ 5 cheaper than buying another trailer and putting this thing in the middle of it . `` Aesthetic on the outside ? '' Cylindrical is traditional but a waste of space -LRB- the ge 2.5 gal has the same footprint as this 7 gallon , -RRB- but this thing is so rounded , with its bulging face and rear , that it could only fit comfortably in some surreal artisan Dali vanity or cabinet.But , it heats fast , feels quite solid , great price , far less suicidal than a mini flash heater -- and it turns out the anode and heating element are user-accessible . Though they 're undoubtedly artisan anodes and elements , commissioned by the Church every 500 years or so ... Amazing insulation . Vs 6 gal suburban gas , porcelain lined , ext. insulated , Ariston/Bosch keeps water hot far longer exposed to same ambient temps -- which are low -LRB- ~ 55f -RRB- -- water has remained hot with unit unplugged for close to 24 hours . Water from suburban remains hot just before it leaves the showerhead .
 Hey guys , how do I install this thing as a booster for my shower ? Where is the turn off for my shower , behind the wall ? I ca n't seem to locate the pipes for my shower . Thanks .
 This is our 2nd Ariston heater - the first is a 4 gallon under the kitchen sink . We got this one to sit in our basement bathroom and feed it , the main floor bathroom sink and a future 1/2 bath on the 2nd floor . It just makes so much sense to keep a small amount of hot water ready to use right near the fixture . That way you do n't have to waste a bunch of water if you need hot water . These seem very well insulated , so I think that the standby losses are negligible . Our main heater is a gas tankless , and these really help improve the performance for intermittent uses such as washing hands or dishes . I just put this inline with the tankless , so that it can `` smooth '' out our hot water . The tankless works best for steady uses , such as showers and filling a dishwasher . Adding one of these Aristons gives you the best of all worlds .
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- UPDATE JUNE 17 , 2010 - BOTH CONTINUE TO WORK GREAT . EXCEEDED MY OWN EXPECTATION . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I 've purchased 2 of these for two different purposes . Both are GREAT ! Easy to install -LRB- I am boarder-line incompetent when it comes to plumbing and even I was able to do this with only a couple trips to the local hardware store -RRB- . The quality does not seem all the great ... but for the price and so far -LRB- one I 've had and used for almost 2 months , the other almost a month -RRB- they work fine and there are no problems.FACTUALLY
 I used this for a replacement water heater in my travel trailer . It did not fit in the original space , so I installed it in the closet space and connected it with the original plumbing with plastic hose . You have to be plugged in to use it , but other than that it works great and at a cost of about 2/5th of what an RV water heater would cost . ******** UPDATE
 I ordered the Ariston 6 as a replacement for my 5th wheel water heater . It is limited to electric only but the price differential between the original propane water heater and the Ariston was my deciding factor . I have another Ariston that is smaller and is used just for my washing machine that has worked for several years with no problems so the choice for replacing the original propane heater or choosing another route was an easy one . Since Installing the Ariston 6 + I have more hot water for a longer time than I have ever had with the original water heater . I have a generator or an electrical hook up at all times so there is no negative effect on making the choice . I would recommend Ariston product to anyone and to those with RV products who need to replace an original propane water heater ... go for it . I regret that I did not make the transfer sooner .
 I bought this 6 gal , tank to replace the tank in my RV , , it works great . It was easy to install only had to make small changes to install it where I wanted it . Only thing is it gets hot but not real hot but I had plenty of hot water to shower plus some . Very pleased with my purchase !
 This under-counter water heater is very artfully sized - it fits in a standard under-counter space with room to spare at the front . I replaced a round 6-gallon heater and the rectangular configuration is much superior . Seems to work well , but the capacity is a mystery to me . The description seems to indicate that it is 6 gallons , but the documentation included with the heater -LRB- and on the mfr 's web site -RRB- shows a cpacity of only 5 gallons if used in the -LRB- pictured -RRB- vertical position , but 7 gallons when used in the horizontal -LRB- ! -RRB- . I 'm an engineer , but I ca n't explain how it could hold 40 % more water by simply turning it sideways . I installed the unit horizontally , but I think the actual capacity is closer to 5 gallons.Please see the `` User Images '' for the actual specifications of the Bosch/Ariston heaters .
 Bought a place that had no hot water to one bathroom on the far end of the house , and needed something quick and easy so the kids could have warm showers . Looked everywhere , and this Ariston 6 gal turned out to be the best bet . It 's just enough heat , without running new power lines or new plumbing . -LRB- Probably not great for cold weather climate showers or long soaks , though . -RRB- Was easy to install and it 's been about a month with no problems so far .
 I rent a cottage in the summer on a lake for a month . It only has a 5 gallon water heater which results in a 5 second shower . I bought this and it was easily installed into the exsiting lines . I took a hot shower everyday . Of course it 's not like home , but it was perfect for a hot shower for 5-10 minutes !
 Works very well for an exta point of use water heater for a sink , shower or washing machine .
 This is the second Ariston 6-gallon water heater that I 've purchased from Amazon this year . One for the kitchen sink and dishwasher and the other for the master bath vanity sinks . Both orders arrived in just a few days and were easy to install.I have them both piped into the existing hot water supply lines under the sinks and use them to decrease the time it takes for hot water to get from the main water heater to the faucets -LRB- from 2.5 minutes to less than 30 seconds on one and less than 10 seconds on the other depending on pipe length -RRB- . Be careful not to overtighten the pipe connections which can cause the tank to leak . The LED indicator light only comes on when the heating element is on . I 've had one hooked up for almost a year and the other was just recently installed . Both work as advertised . I would recommend this product to a friend .
 This is a great little heater , heats up fast and is fits easily under the sink , but we do n't have a cabinet , so do n't know how that would work . . It was harder to hook up than expected and it needs a safety drain which is unsightly , but we have it in a trailer we use only a few weekends a month so I unplug it when we leave and we have hot water within 20 minutes or less when we plug it in .
 I BOUGHT THIS IN JUNE 13 ... IT ARRIVED ON TIME GREAT LITTLE W/HEATER . . I USE IT AS A HOLE HOUSE W/HEATER -LRB- I LIVE ALONE -RRB- 1 SHOWER - 1 BATH SINK - 1 KIT.SINK-WORK GREAT !!!! REALLY CUT MY GAS BILL MORE THAN 1/2 !! ONLY 1 PROBLEM -- IT MAKE NOISE AT 6AM-OR SOMETIMES 7AM OR SOMETIMES 8AM & WAKES ME UP !!!! A SOUND LIKE MY OLD GAS 30 GAL . HEATER FIRING UP OR IN THIS CASE RECHARGING . -LRB- ELEC. -RRB- WORKS GREAT 4 ME I HAVE PLUNTY HOT WATER 4 MY SHOWER -LRB- ABOUT 10 MIN . -RRB- JUST WET DN . SHUT OF WATER-SOAP UP-TURN WATER BACK ON ... -LCB- I INSTALLED A WATER SHUTOFF BUTTON AT THE SHOWER HEAD -RCB- ... , , , , ABOUT THE NOISE ... I TRYED TO SHUT OFF WATER TO IT -- THEN I TRYED TO UNPLUG IT NOTHING UNPLUGED & WATER SHUT OFF & IT STILL MAKES NOISE !!!! I EMAILED THE MAKER -LRB- BOSCH -RRB- & THE TECK WROTE BACK `` THAT 'S ODD ... WE NEVER HEARD OF THAT `` SO I TRYED TO RETURN IT TO AMAZON & APPARENTLY AFTER 30 DAYS THE RETURN WINDOW EXPIRES & ONLY PARTIAL REFUND & PLUS CHARGE SHIPPING -- I DO N'T THINK ITS WORTH IT !!!! I GUESS I AM GOING TO HAVE TO LIVE WITH THE NOISE . .
 I am pleased with this purchase . I have had it for a year now and it 's still working great.When I first bought it , I opened the panel to set the thermostat to my preferred temperature . Then to save electricity , I unplug the unit when not in use . When I need to use it , I plug it in and give it about 15 mins to heat the water , then take a shower.I think it 's a simple and inexpensive way to have hot water , and I am pleased with the quality of this little hot water heater . It 's not flimsy or cheaply made .
 I bought this water heater to replace a small water heater located in my garage to service my washer . Being able to mount it on the wall was very helpful . It was relatively easy to install and works perfectly with my new high-efficiency washer .
 So far , So good . We installed this heater on our 1954 GMC conversion bus . We used the shower & faucets multiple times for a 9 day adventure and never ran out of hot water with two people .
 Excellent , All as promised and very easy to install . The on/off switch works well and it is easy to adjust the temperature setting I wanted . The ultimate for the `` Man Cave ''
 For years I have been staining using a regular brush or even a roller with an extension . The results were fine , but the job was very time consuming.One of my co-workers had purchased the Black and Decker Stain Stick and told me how much quicker and easier he got his jobs done . I borrowed it and he was right ! It is a genuine tool that has easy to follow instructions and delivers as it promises . The tube holds a good amount of stain , the pad glides easily over wood surfaces , and there is no excess stain flowing through as you work . Great price to on Amazon.com
 I have used this product three times to stain my deck that is approximately 600 square feet . I like using this type of applicator because it seems -LRB- for me -RRB- the better alternative to brushing , spraying , or rolling.What is does well : The siphon action allows you to draw the stain directly from the can or bucket without pouring , spilling , dripping , etc. . This is very nice . The handle is essentially a big siringe that fills as you draw back the inner handle . The siphon tube seals very well and does not leak.The applicator is fairly easy to use , once you get the hang of just how much stain to release with your strokes . After you do a few boards you 'll have the hang of it.Cleanup is really not too bad . Use the siphon tube to draw in solvent and pump it back out ... several repetions of this will clean the inner tube and siphon tube . The head/pad assembly is easily removed so you can soak it and clean it separately.What I do n't like : It is not very easy to get down into the gaps between deck boards , despite the design that trys to allow for that . It is a little too thick to go between many of the boards , and it is difficult to get enough stain on that portion of the pad.As you push the handle down gradually to release the stain , the handle gets shorter and shorter ... until eventually you are hunched over working with a handle less than 3 feel long . This will leave your back screaming by the end of the job , and if you do n't have a jetted soaking tub you 're in trouble . A better design would be a long static handle with an inner siringe mechanism of some sort.For + / - $ 25 , this is a good tool and you can justify buying a new one every few years when the job needs to be done again .
 The paint stick makes painting quicker by saving you the time it normally takes to evenly load a paint roller with paint . Cons
 This is much simpler to use when staining a deck or any flat surface . It is quick , clean , and efficient . It is a real time saver .
 I have had this saw 18 months . I use it to cut firewood in my back yard . I have cut hardwoods thicker that the 18 '' bar . Never gave me a bit of trouble . Goes through the chain oil quick , but I figure that 's good because is means the chain is staying wet . Chain oil is dirt cheap . Amazingly powerful .
 i was just looking around for a saw to cut some trees around my yard that had gotten to big for comfort and i came upon this fella . when it arrived i just took it out of the box , read the instructions ans was off to fell my first tree in a matter of hours . by the way , this was the first time i was using a chain saw , much less to be an expert at cutting trees.it worked like a dream . i could feel the power and effort being exerted by the saw and realized how much work this was saving me had i decided to use an axe or hand saw . soon i was saying ` tim -- berrrr ' thanks to the well written manual and efficient saw . i would have never expected an electric chain saw to be this good ... it really is ... perfect for all your round the house cutting needs ... the oiler works well and i was surprised that 1 quart of oil allowed me to fall and cut to pieces , 6 trees 12-15 feet tall and at least 9-11 inches thick.what i am also pleased with is the fact that i can start and stop the saw safely without any effort unlike a gas powered saw ... not forgetting the burden of the additional oil and gas to have it run ... i totally recommend this saw ... . i wish the blades never got dull though ... lol
 This is the 3rd chainsaw I bought and it is amazing . I had borrowed an electric Remington and it was a piece of junk . I bought an electric Ryobi and the first time I used it , the chain became undone . I exchanged it for a gas one and beside the noise and polution , it did n't cut well . After reviewing numerous chainsaws on Amazon and reading the reviews , I decided to try the Poulan Pro 400E and I am glad I did . True to what other reviewers have said , this is a GREAT chainsaw . We have a huge backyard with lots of mature trees and we have been trimming them and have cut a couple of dead ones down . This chainsaw is able to cut the longer and thicker pieces down to firewood size . The only problem I have found is after about 15 minutes of use , the cutting power is n't as it is when it is cold . Can it be overheated ? The chain DOES stay nice and wet , and you can tell because you can see the oil coming off it when you start the chainsaw . Overall , I recommend the Poulan Pro 400E . Great product .
 bought this for hubby - he loves it - works like a gas one , but no oil/gas to deal with - also , no worries about letting it sit for periods of time with no use . auto chain oil works great too .
 Owning a gas Saw before buying this one , I was n't expecting much performance.I WAS WRONG !! . This baby melts through 4 '' logs like butter.You can hear the power . It 's nice to be able to stop and go without hearing all the noise or breaking my back starting it over and over again .
 Poulan Pro 400E Ideal for felling small trees , cutting firewood and light cleanup A chainsaw that every household must have for day to day use . You gon na save a lot of bucks . Overall , this is a reasonably fast saw with good vibration isolation at the handles.Two thumbs up
 The power of this Poulan saw is awsome ! I am still doing battle with a huge tree that fell in my backyard ... -LRB- 30 '' in diameter -RRB- and the saw is kicking butt ! I really like the fact that you do n't have to mix fuel , and it makes the noise you 'd expect for a powerful electric tool . Good price excellent product , and it 's green ! I highly recommend the Poulan 400 E chain saw .
 I used my Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4.0 HP Electric Chain Saw on 6 Red tip trees about 3 stories tall , and a Maple Tree 60 inches round . I have to say , it earned my respect . At one point I accidentally hit a chain link fence and the chain link fence lost that battle . I have used this Chain Saw at so many angles including over my head , upwards , and even upside down . The power is there when you hold the trigger , the length is great , the weight and balance is great . If you have an extension cord and chain saw oil , you can go nonstop until you run out of wood to cut , or daylight . I am very pleased and happy I chose to purchase this chainsaw . You ca n't say enough good things about this one .
 Buying a chainsaw says something about a man . And buying a Poulan Pro 18 '' electric chainsaw says , `` Do n't talk to me about chainsaws . `` If you 're looking at the Poulan , you 're probably not already involved with chainsaw fundamentalism.Husqvarna and Stihl -LRB- heaven forbid Echo ? -RRB- jihadis will scoff at you , but they 'll clearly see you 're a neutral party in their holy war.At 4hp the saw has more than enough poop to tackle any cutting job . I 've been using it to cut firewood to length all winter , and could n't be more pleased with the saw 's performance at that task . It 's also serviced common yard cutting jobs wonderfully as well.You are tethered by an electric cord , but you wo n't be fooling with gas and oil mixtures , huffing exhaust , or going deaf in the process.It 's simply a good , lightweight , and well powered electric chainsaw .
 I debated on purchasing an electric chain saw because of power issues . After reveiwing other sites , the poulan pro 440E was rated highly by other users . We needed a chain saw to tidy up our wooded lot . The trees were about 12 inches in diameter . The poulan cut through the trees with ease and it was easy to handle and light . It was an excellent purchase and the best thing about the Poulan was it 's electric . No gas , no preparation required for storage , and it 's extremely light . I highly recommend this product . One word of caution , I only used it 3 times so I can not comment on the reliability of this product if it 's used for commercial purposes or if it 's used on a daily basis for a prolonged period of time . Good luck .
 i like this saw - very powerful but this is my 2nd one - the first one did not last too long -LRB- 2yrs -RRB-
 This saw worked great with no problems.Not time tested yet , but I see no reason this saw wo n't last years for yard maintenance .
 Very , very happy with it . Works as well as equivalent gas-powered models . Made short work of everything I cut . Word of caution
 I am very pleased with this electric chain saw . The power of the 4hp motor is quite impressive . I had labored with an older electric chain saw to cut through a log lying on my property . The Poulan made quick work of it .
 Cut down 7 medium size trees -LRB- 30 - 40 ft -RRB- , and then sawed them into pieces . Fast and trouble free -LRB- kind of fun -RRB- . Much less noise pollution than gas powered machines.Splitting the wood was NOT so much fun .
 Saw is for my husband , two of his brothers have chainsaws . One gas Sithe 14 '' , other is electric . They both were blown away by this saw , how well and easy it works . Dynamite product and price . Hubby is very happy .
 The saw was used by pro palm tree removal guys when they could not start their saw ! It worked great , making short work of an 80 ft palm cut down and removal . Also my neighbor used it to cut down two nasty mesquite trees in no time ! I highly recommend this saw .
 This saw worked well . I have about 5 trees to saw down . I started with a 36 '' maple tree . I had absolutely no experience with a chainsaws , but after reading the manual closely , I operated the saw without incident for the entirety of the tree.The only problem that I had was when the chain came off . This probably would n't have even happened if I had been more experienced.I would purchase the same saw again .
 After reading the Amazon reviews I bought the Poulan . Total satisfaction ! Already I 've used it to remove a 12 '' dia . stump , fell a leaning 12 '' + diameter tree , and cut down sundry branches , all with no problem . I also purchased the Granberg manual chain sharpener which also was great at resharpening the chain after I sawed through some dirt in removing the stump .
 I 'm not a lumberjack . I do n't cut 300 foot sitka spruce in an old growth forest . I have trees in a back yard , and this is perfect . Easy maintenance . Simple to adjust the chain and put it back on if it comes off . Drinks a decent amount of SAE 30 oil and keeps the chain spinning . My dad always used a Stihl gas saw , and this is just as effective , but zero effort to start after it 's been sitting around for 6 months . Worth getting yourself a portable GFI like this TRC 90265-6-012 Shockshield Yellow Portable GFCI Plug with Surge Protection if you do n't have a GFI on the outlet you 're plugging into . Also get yourself a black and decker alligator lopper . Makes limbing a snap . Great combo for routine yard work . Just dropped four dead trees today , and cut the stumps flush to the ground . The safety nut in my -LRB- i 'm a doctor -RRB- ca n't help but recommend the right protective gear , too . Husqvarna Forest Chaps can save your legs . Husqvarna 505675515 ProForest Chain Saw Helmet keeps the debris out of your face and can save your noodle . Chain saw injuries are ugly enough on other people . You do n't want one for yourself .
 For $ 90 , it 's an amazing deal . Really it is.But it 's still a crappy underpowered saw . No really , it 's not that powerful . I 've used 4hp gas chain saws , this thing does n't come anywhere near that kind of power . But then again a good 4hp gas saw costs FIVE times as much so really ca n't complain.With that said , it 's not 4hp , it wo n't cut fallen trees nearly as well as you may hope . It will go through enough oil in a cutting session that you 'll buy it in gallons . It 's poorly balanced , feels flimsy and is loud enough to require ear plugs.But hey , you can buy 5 of these for the price of a saw that would be noticeably better .
 Electric for the simple minded and unskilled children & other ladies . Boy , I need another beer I think I 'll get a real jolt in the rear from my wife if she reads this.Not as good in my opinion as my skill but it works well for those I described and others unable to figure out how to keep carburetors clean and adjusted to correct air/gas ratios.Then again , if I was asked to help the kids start the skill and the ballgames going ... I 'll just pass the electric to them and say have fun ... So , it does have it 's advantages and will cut wood , just not as good as the skill imo ... Also , oil drips out the electric and is always under mine when not used ... I 've never seen any leak on the gas skill .12.22.11 updateOld magnolia tree about 30 ft with trunk greater than the 18 inch blade at the half way up point of the tree was shortened in half with this saw.It was lighter weight than the gas still and the still was dropped some time ago and the gas tank has a leak when angled wrong.I climbed the tree with a ladder and roped a limb and brought the rope back down and tied the electric to it and then climbed back up and pulled it up by the rope . It cut fine and did n't care if it was right side up or upside down.The lighter weight and ease of running/stopping/restarting the saw while up in a tree is a big plus ; and I now think I prefer this saw when tree climbing and sawing without a stationary ladder .
 This chain saw is much more powerful then I expected . I took down two large trees and cut into firewood in half a day . I was going to rent one from Home Depot for the project , but for the same price I now have my own chain saw . The saw is amazing for the price I paid .
 Quick delivery as always from Amazon . Oiled it up and plugged it in and started cutting tree limbs immediately . Cut some 6 inch logs with no problem . Great product .
 This is my first chain saw so I ca n't compare it to any other 's , but so far it seems to work just fine !
 husband loves this , he had one for many years , finally wore it out . says he will never have a gas one again
 I 've gone through many saws over the years , and although it may be small , this Poulan is surprisingly efficient . The cord is a bit of a nuisance , but what else do you expect with an electric saw ? Good power . Nothing big to complain about . I 've only used it for a short time , so we 'll see how it performs again this year ...
 I ordered the Poulan Pro 400E based on price and reviews , but I was n't expecting a lot . I 'm not a very big fan of Poulan gas saws but figured for the price I 'd get the Poulan electric anyway as an `` emergency '' saw . I was having bad shoulder problems and starting my gas Husqy was just about killing me but I had a half dozen downed elm trees that needed to be cut up for my only source of heat this winter . I figured the electric could at least handle some limb wood until my husband was around to start the gas saw for me to do some bigger stuff . The Poulan electric showed up and I started on the limbs ... I was impressed . It had the power to zip through the hard elm branches like butter . I figured I 'd just keep going and see how it handled the rest of the tree and I was even more impressed and surprised . I was able to saw through 12 inch elm logs with no problem , no strain , no overheating and a lot more comfortably on my body than I can do with my gas saws ! Wow ... I 'm surprised , impressed and three months and several trees later , very happy with the Poulan 400E .
 Perfect for tackling the fallen limbs from our last ice storm , and a lot easier than fighting with a balky two-cycle engine . Probably not powerful enough if you want to reenact an episode of `` Ax Men , '' or if you 're trying to clear-cut the north 40 , but just right for typical home use.The manual does n't recommend an extension cord longer than 50 feet , which is pretty short . I 'm often using a heavy-duty 100-footer with no apparent problems , however . But if the trees you need to get at are more than 100 feet from your house , you need a gas-powered chain saw .
 This is a great little chainsaw . Easy to set up and use . Light weight and works as advertised . The only limitation is how long of an extension cord you can provide . It is perfect for around the property and garden . I have used it to cut down small -LRB- 6 '' diameter -RRB- trees , and have pruned multiple trees with branches 3 '' plus thick . Plenty of power to do more too . Definitely pleased with the product and have no hesitation to give it 5 stars .
 I was n't sure that and `` electric '' chain would be powerful enough for my project . I needed to cut down 11 30-foot high trees . This saw has handled the task easily .
 I am amazed with the quality , shipping & handling , and the performance . The Poulan Pro 400E 18 '' 4 HP is one of the best products I ever owned . It is easy to use and is versatile . Thank you Amazon for connecting me to the world of quality products .
 I got tired of buying new chainsaws every time the stupid motor conked out . It 's cheaper to buy new ones than get the old ones fixed . I 'm sure someone put the wrong gas mixture in or it sat to long , it it was having a bad day . No More !! I figured at this price , I could buy 2 or 3 electrics for the price of a gas model.The saw handled cutting up a 14 '' oak with ease . Not as powerful as a NEW gas unit , but better than one that 's gunked up . Easy to handle , no ugly kickbacks . No snagging on little branches . Just as happy right side up as upside down . No stinky fumes.Since most my cutting is done around the wood pile , plugging in with a 50 ft cord is a piece of cake . Plus not having to start the frickin motor over and over is a real time saver . I 've also used it on a heavy duty 100ft cord with no problem even though they do n't recommend it.If I 'm out of reach of a plug , I throw my little Honda 2000i generator in the wheel barrel or on the quad . The Poulan saw uses 1400 watts max -LRB- i tested it -RRB- so the little quiet 4 stroke generator handles it with ease .
 I got this for Christmas last year from my parents , so I 've had it for most of a year . I love it . I just remember starting my dad 's gas chainsaw , pulling and pulling and absolutely nothing happens , then 15 minutes of cursing and embarrassing my loved ones was as they watched me try over and over again , until it randomly started.Not here , this thing just fires right up . Plenty of power , and a good chain length of 18 inches . I have no complaint whatsoever on this . The chain and bar oil lasts a long time , because the reservoir is plenty big . I 've cut a lot of wood with this including cutting down a few dying trees . No issues whatsoever.It has a cord so you ca n't use it if the power goes out and there are fallen trees you ca n't clear them unless you have a generator . I do n't know about you , but if the power goes out at my house , I 'm going to turn on the gas fireplace and open a beer , not go out in the yard and get dirty and sweaty without having the water pump to get a shower . I 'll wait for the power to come back on to start clearing fallen trees . The cord does not bother me at all and I feel like this will last 10 times longer than just about any other gas chainsaw .
 Had A LOT of trimming to do and some pretty good size trunks I needed to cut down around our property and this little fella was just the ticket . Took down several 12 '' trunks quickly and dozens of 2 '' to 8 '' branches with ease . As long as you 've got an extension cord to get to the tree this guy will do the job and save you some money . The self oiling is awesome and mess free and the size is perfect for small to medium size logs . Obviously you 're not going to go walking through the woods taking down 4 ' trunks with it so if electric will fit your needs close to home you ca n't go wrong with it .
 I have 20 + foot Areca palms in my yard and I occasionally need to cut some down . This electric chain saw is Awesome ! It cut through those palms like butter and because it 's electric it 's so convenient . It has so much power and for the price -LRB- plus free shipping -RRB- it ca n't be beat ! Thank you Poulan and Amazon .
 Purchased December 2009 and started using it Spring 2010 . Worked well right out of the box . Good power and features . Used it to take down a small tree and a few other smaller jobs.However , after cleaning and storing for winter , it would n't even start for Spring 2011 . No idea what 's wrong , tried different power source , etc. . Based on the number of positive reviews , this may be an anomaly , or it could be hit or miss manufacturing.UPDATE
 This is a great electric chain saw . I has plenty of power for it 's size . This is my second Pro 400E .
 Bought to clean up backyard after storm . Cut through at least a 12 '' tree very easily , not as loud as gas saw . Overall great product .
 We bought this to cut up some logs into firewood . The Forest Service is doing a lot of thinning in our area , we hauled a few pickup truck loads of these 4 to 6 foot logs back to yard but needed a saw to cut them up . After reading a few positive reviews we decided to order one . It is the perfect tool for this job . This saw cuts through 12 '' to 14 '' diameter juniper with ease . We had the logs cut down to size in just a couple hours . We a very happy with the Poulan Pro 400E .
 The Chainsaw has enough power to do the big jobs but the first one I had , the motor burned out quickly . This is the second , it was replace quickly without a problem . I am the type of person that needs the simplicity of electricity . -LRB- When I buy gas chainsaws , they only last 2 years because of lack of maintenance . -RRB- this unit has has poped my home circuit breaker several times . The only improvement in the product I would suggest would be to put an internal circuit breaker in the product to protect the motor . When it is out of warranty I will probably do this . It is a good buy .
 I bought this saw in July of 2009 and I used it quite a bit until the weather turned cold . It is a real work horse , I have used it to cut down 4 medium size trees , several large bushes and I have cut up 3 very large stumps . The saw does tend to trip the 15 amp breakers when I cut anything more than about 5 inches in diameter , but if I plug it in to a 20 amp circuit it is fine . Also you will need a 12 awg or thicker chord . The saw does not include any bar & chain oil in the box . I did not have to tighten the chain until I cut up the third tree . Since then I have used it on another tree and a friend used it on some large branches at his house . It comes with a tool for adjusting it , or you can use a regular wrench and screwdriver . It also comes with a manual that gives some good tips on how to use it safely . It is loud so make sure you have ear plugs . I also use gloves and safety glasses to prevent problems . It is nice not having to worry if the saw will start up and I think the electric one is lighter than a comparable gas model . I also learned that Poulon is made by Husquavarna .
 I live on an acreage & cut wood for heating . Love to use this saw up near the house for the final cutting of logs . I use a 100 ft heavy-guage cord with it . It is light weight & easy to use . I 'm a 5-ft . tall 105 lb . 60-yr-old woman & have no trouble using this saw . It is also very easy to service -- tightening the chain , adding oil , cleaning , etc. . The 18 in . arm handles most trees . The motor is powerful enough to do the job .
 I only had this for one month , but have cut up a cord of seasoned wood with it . Of course its not as powerful as a gas model , but it did the job well enough . The trunk of the tree was 20 '' in diamater . By the way , mine was also shipped with the brake on , so its best to check to see that its off before using the saw . Did not find mine that noisy -LRB- compared to gasoline models -RRB- . Does use a little bar oil , but thats ok .
 I worked professionally with gas chain saws of various sizes for two years once . The crew I was part of used chain saws manufactured by Stihl and Husqvarna . I liked both though I preferred the Husqvarna because I found it more user-friendly . When I needed a new electric chain saw for use around the yard to replace a Remington electric , I was pleased to learn that Poulan is a brand of the Husqvarna Group.Gas chain saws are great for those who need to use a chain saw often enough to warrant the work required to keep a gas chain saw in good working order . For homeowners who need a chain saw for occasional use around the yard , electric chain saws are a godsend.The Remington I owned was cheap in cost and quality , but it nevertheless lasted nearly 10 years and served me well over that time . I wore it out by pushing it to its limit.A recent ice storm knocked down a couple of large trees on my property and a lot of branches , and when the Remington started to fall apart to the point that I determined it was no longer safe to use and not worth the cost of repair , I immediately checked Amazon for a replacement . The many positive reviews for the Poulan Pro 400E here on Amazon as well as elsewhere on the web , plus the fact that Poulan is a brand of the Husqvarna Group , made for an easy decision , and I got the saw delivered two days after ordering it -LRB- I use Amazon Prime -RRB- . The Remington was a 16 inch and the Poulan is an 18 inch , and there is no comparison in the build quality . The Poulan is obviously built to withstand rugged use -LRB- though not rugged professional use , i.e. , I imagine that using it for many hours a day , day after day , would shorten its life considerably -RRB- . The Remington had plastic parts that eventually broke apart , and was simply not made for rugged use . Also , the Remington required the user to continually press the cap of the oil container on the saw in order to keep the saw lubricated during use . The Poulan is an automatic oiler , and unlike the Remington , you can see the oil level on the Poulan through the translucent oil tank window.Using it is not unlike using a gas chain saw , though it is definitely less powerful . But again , because I do n't need to use a chain saw regularly , week after week and month after month , it is simply not worth it to me to have a gas chain saw given the maintenance that gas chain saws require . The electric Poulan is powerful enough . It is also much louder than the Remington -LRB- which had a 2.25 HP motor compared to the Poulan 's 4.0 HP -RRB- , and so wearing some kind of hearing protection when using it is a good idea.It is very convenient to have a saw that I can make one or more cuts with and then set down with it off - it goes off as soon as you take your finger off the trigger switch . I 've used it with two fat -LRB- I 've owned them for years and do n't know the gauge -RRB- orange colored 50 feet long extension cords linked together without any noticeable loss of power.Adjusting the chain tension is easy with the Poulan 's adjusting screw and the included tool , which is a combination screwdriver for turning the chain tension adjusting screw and a socket for loosening and tightening the bar clamp nuts.As other reviewers have noted , the flexible plastic chain and bar sleeve that comes with the saw is quite flimsy , but given all the positives about the 400E that 's a trivial negative.Update written on 6/20/09
 I just bought this chainsaw from Sears.com because I found it for best price there . Ligthweight , no assembly required , chain adjustment is infrequent and VERY easy , ANY NOVICE CAN OPERATE AND MAINTAIN THIS MACHINE WITH EASE . I cut down two 18-inch diameter Pine trees in about ten minutes . In another half hour I had them both naked of branches and cut into several stumps for hauling . I am VERY impressed with this machine after all of the advice I had been given from so many people to NOT buy an electric cahinsaw because `` they are low-powered and made for trimming branches '' ... That 's BS ! THis little devil ate right through those 25-year old pines with no problem . Now , I have to warn you to EXPLICITLY follow the standard tree-cutting methods as outlined in the manual as this is not a commercial saw and it is easy to see how it can be damaged or can cause the operator serious injury if used improperly . You will not slice right through a 2-foot wide tree with this saw , but you can notch it and get it down with ease as I did ! I am buying another one of these for my uncle for christmas this year !
 Recently purchased this chainsaw to cut down a pine tree in my yard . It was up against the house and had the power lines running through it . This saw was very easy to use and use safely . Had to take the tree down branch by branch due to the power linesand house . If you have 120V nearby forget the gas .
 Bought this saw to clean up some branches on our Oak Tree . Great saw , plenty of power . I went and cut a load of firewood . it has an excellent sight glass for the bar lube . You will need a good extension cord though . This Poulan runs circles around my neighbors Stihl . I think I will go cut some wood for this winter , Thanks Poulan !
 I was thinking of getting a gas chainsaw glad I did not . I used the poulan electric saw as soon as I got . It worked better than I expected . Its not for a lumberjack but its great for the homeowner .
 I purchased the Pro 400e from AMAZON on Sunday evening , Nov. 5th and received it the following Thursday afternoon after choosing the free shipping option . Opened the box , read the manuel , checked the chain , filled it with oil and that Saturday afternoon began cutting down a 30 ` foot tall , 20 '' diameter bartlet pear tree in my front yard . My size and weight is a consideration in any saw I use but not an issue with this one . It cuts like a dream . No kick back at all . Cut that tree down like I actually knew what I was doing . Great auto-oil function . Used a 100 ' extension cord with no power loss . It has my recommendation .
 I cut down an eighty year old maple tree and a few smaller trees with the saw without any trouble . It did it all . I also liked the fact that I did n't have to fight the saw to start it , just squeeze the trigger and start cutting.In fact my brother-in-law , who cuts and burns wood for heat , was so impressed , he bought his wife one for Christmas . Now she can cut the wood to size after he bring the logs home -LRB- no joke -RRB- .
 I did a lot of shopping around and compared pros/cons of gas vs electric . I purchased this in conjunction with a 5500W portable generator which will come in handy long term . While it is a bit of a challenge loading up the generator and taking it to the desired location on our parcel of land , I ca n't speak highly enough of the chainsaw.We are in the process of selectively clearing a fully wooded 3 + acre of land so we can build our house . In the course of the last 2 months , it has helped me fell over 50 trees larger than 5 '' in diameter . I 've taken them down and cut them up into 1.5 ' to 2 ' lengths for firewood . The tallest tree was over 60 ' tall and the largest diameter was over 20 '' . I 've even had it pinched twice on large trees -LRB- due to my inexperience -RRB- and it just keeps on running . I have been very impressed and would n't think twice about buying another.While I 've never owned a gas powered one , we 've had 5 other individuals help us out that do own them and have brought them along . Each of them has been impressed with the performance ... even to the point of saying ... can I use yours , mine is overmatched.If you are within 100 ' of an electrical outlet or have a generator like me ... this will do the job .
 The product arrived in perfect working order and ready to use . Very powerful and fast sawing ability for both branches and logs . A friend who has a gas chainsaw said he much preferred using my Poulan electric saw . It is well balanced and easy to use . I do not have a problem with long runs of electrical cord . The longest I have used is 50 feet , using an extension cord of # 14 wire gauge . The only drawback to this product is that is does not come with a carrying/storage case . The flimsy plastic chain guard does n't last long . Also , I do n't know about the ease of obtaining a new chain when that time comes . The product seems to be perfect for my use , which is occasional trimming and cutting of branches and small trees . I do n't know how it would stand up to heavy duty use , but it 's a good price/performance value .
 I looked at the 24 inch stump and was n't sure if the saw could handle it . I hoped it would but without destroying the saw in the process . I was amazed ! It ripped through the stump and was looking for more . I am very happy with my investment !
 I have had no problems with my poulan chainsaw . I have a five acre wooded lot in Oklahoma . It cuts limbs and trees down to ground level very easily . I have used up to 300 feet of cord without a problem . This saw cuts better than any gas saw I have used . I have used it to cut down oak and blackjack trees and it never binds or stops . I Highly recomend it .
 Bought this item after reading the positive reviews and I can only say they were right , this is an excellent tool . I had to remove a huge stump from backyard and after days and days of work I was able to finish the job . The Poulan Pro 400E chainsaw was able to cut through hard roots without problems . Very easy to clean , adjust chain tension , lubricate , maintain and to store . Two recommendations
 Great chainsaw ! Easy to use . It did go through more chain oil than expected , you really have to pay attention to the oil level . I read some of the reviews about it smoking , could have been lack of attention to oil level . As usual Consumer Reports picked another winner and Amazon gave a good price .
 This saw really does the job for me . An electric chain saw is my preference , even for jobs a fair distance from the house . I have a portable generator mounted on a small two-wheel trailer which I tow to the work area . With a 100 foot power cord I have lots of freedom to move about to cut and trim trees and limbs . And the saw has plenty of power to do the job . A great buy !
 A 70 foot Italian Stome Pine fell in our back yard . I had a 14 inch saw which was not up to the larger tasks so purchased this one . Good heft , fast cuts on pine . I left the trunk to the pros but this one did everything else I asked of it . Splendid product . I just wish they would provide a more sturdy chain protector . The flimsey little thing that comes with it is about the strength of a zip lock .
 After years of neglect it was time to clear much of our wooded half-acre yard . Our old 14 '' electric chainsaw was not up to the task so we bought a 16 '' model from a local home improvement store . Problems with oil leaks and finally a chain that could not be tightened sent us on a more careful online search . The 18 '' Poulan Pro electric had strong reviews and a very reasonable price . It has performed flawlessly in nearly daily use for the past month . It handles the small stuff with ease , and my 18-year old son has taken down 50 ' hemlocks and firs in 2 ' chunks of trunk with great success . Paired with a Patriot electric chipper-shredder , I 'm finally enjoing yardwork !
 Cut through all the trees I needed without a problem . No gas engine to gum-up since I wo n't use it for another year .
 I wish I had considered an electric before I purchased an expensive gas powered model . The electric is much more convenient , and less of a maintainence problem .
 This saw did a wonderful job . For $ 89.95 including shipping and no tax , it 's an unbeatable deal .
 After pulling and pulling on my two chain saws I told my wife that I needed an electric chain saw . She found it on Amazon . It starts every time without any ` verbal ' assistance . I used this saw to cut Cypress slabs to 6 '' width so that I could cut them into boards on my band saw . It cuts like my regular gas Poulan 18 '' . I cut up some 10-12 '' oak logs into firewood length with no hesitation.The instructions and labels have been changed since some of the reviews . I purchased the recommended size extension cord and had no problems after using it all day for a number of days .
 I bought this chainsaw to replace my Husqvarna 350 that I blew the motor on last weekend . After using this , I think I 'm all done with gas chainsaws for good . It has plenty of horses to get the job done . Just think , no more gummed up carbs , no more mixing gas , and no more loud noise . It does go through a lot of bar oil though , but that 's ok with me . I used a 100 ' 12 guage extension cord with it with no problems . I even bought two extra chains for it . I love it !
 The saw was used to cut down a dead 18 '' diameter oak tree and 6 other smaller ones . Following the instruction in the manual , the job was done easily by me -- a 68 year old who had never used a chain saw before . Comparing with other electric chain saw I have examined in the local stores , this one is built much more solid . -LRB- In addition , the support people at Poulan are very helpful . -RRB-
 After reading all the reviews here , I almost bought this from Amazon but soon realized that the saw is not selling directly by Amazon thus exchange or return could be tricky . I finally opted for the Poulan Pro twin Craftsman 34118 sells by Sears for the same price -LRB- after 10.00 discount -RRB- - The differences , the Craftman is all black , comes with 2 Year Replacement Warranty , 90 days Satisfaction Guaranteed , assembled in USA , local store pickup.The first impression was that this saw is substantial albeit it 's an electric - The manual was well written with pro cutting tips - I also bought a quart of Craftman chain saw oil for 5.49 as opposed to Tanaka brand for 59.99 - The motor is very loud compared to my other electric saw - Plenty of power that helped thinning the Incensed Cedar a snap -LRB- e.g. cutting 6 '' diameter branches like butter -RRB- . The drawback of the design would be the gravity oil feed system -LRB- which was mentioned by another reviewer -RRB- but perhaps this is a bad design that I can live with since my other saw does not drip but the chain wears out prematurely . The fix is to store this puppy belly up!September 4th , 2011 : It 's been 18 months now and the chain still runs good - one feature of the Sears version of this chainsaw that I forgot to mention is the tool-less chain tensioner system -LRB- twist , adjust , lock built-in handle -RRB- which is quite convenient if the job happens to be on the tree or somewhere that you do n't want to fumble and drop the wrench -LRB- please correct me if I 'm wrong but the Poulan Pro version appears to come with a wrench for this task ! -RRB-
 PACKED VERY GOOD.I GUESS WOULD WORK FINE . IT CERTAINLY IS MORE POWERFUL AND BURNS MORE AMPS THAN MY OLD 12 '' ONE . BUT , I WANTED SOMETHING LIGHTER , SO WILL BE SENDING BACK . .
 Based on other reviewers , I purchased one . The chain happened to derail once but I think it was my fault.It is powerful enough for weekend trimming around your house.Happy with this tool and the price .
 I ordered this chain saw because I needed one that I could start myself and was light enough for me to use . I was tired of bothering my husband everytime I needed to start the gas model . The oil/gas mixture it uses was also an issue . This saw is instant start everytime and a breeze to use . It is also powerful enough to cut the trees and limbs we have on our properties . I ordered it thru amazon with free shipping . A great buy for $ 100.00
 I had several limbs down in my yard and needed to remove them along with a split maple tree of 8 '' diameter . I had a 14 '' Homelite gas chain saw and this was always giving me problems . Besides the inconvenience of having the right gas/oil mixture on hand it was just not enough power except small limbs . After having the gas chain saw sit for 2 years and I could not get it started , I decided to go electric.This saw was great . Got it home , filled it with oil for the chain and plugged it in . Then started to have some fun . It is quieter than my gas saw . It is about the same weight but certainly lighter than gas chain saws of the same 18 '' length . The great part is I can start and stop it after I get through with some limbs and not worry about starting it up again.I was able in the 1st day to breeze through the limbs and the tree . No problems . The oil for the chain is very visible so you can see when to add more . I checked the chain tension and it was good the whole time . And while I did not have to adjust the tension it looks easier to do than my previous saw .
 OKay so they was charging hundred and something dollars to knock down that big tree that had a nasty lean to it right toward my Home . . I got this one due to such great reviews , due to say this bad boy handled that big tree like nothing , i use regular 10-30 from pennzoil . Let me tell you i was so surprised of how easy and steady this worked , down came that tree and i also used it to clean up the area . I am very Happy , after use cleaned it right up , made sure it was full of oil again ... . really recommend this to anyone , this bad boy didnt let me down and so far so Good ...
 I was sceptical about how much power an electric chain saw would have . I have always been a `` gas and oil '' man who mixes my own fuel . This saw has plenty of power and is better balanced than my old Homelite . I 'm impressed and would buy this unit again . The only down side is the limit of 50 feet for the extention cord . That may be a problem in the future , but for now everthing I need to cut falls below the 50 feet maximum . Good cutting and be safe !
 We had a freak snowstorm that hit early in the season before the leaves were off the trees resulting in many downed limbs . One limb was 40 ' in length in our front yard , perhaps 8 '' in diameter . This chainsaw did a fine job of cutting these limbs up . It is my first chainsaw and I am impressed with how easy it is to operate .
 Saw has plenty of power , solid construction , appears very well built . I especially like the oil level being visible at all times . This chain saw is a great value.One thing to note , the saw chain does not stop immediately when you release the trigger as with some other electric saws . This is not a problem for me , just something I noticed after using a friend 's Poulan 3.5 HP electric .
 I recently had a large Bradford pear tree fall during a bad thunderstorm , and from its size and bushiness , I knew I would need a chainsaw to cut it all up small enough to haul to the curb . In addition , I also had a sick oak tree that needed to go to the curb with it . Although I am not particularly scared of chainsaws , I did n't like the idea of tangling with a `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' type of gas saw . I felt I could get more safety and ease of use , and almost as much power -LRB- but certainly enough power to meet my needs -RRB- with an electric chainsaw . This Poulan seemed to have everything I was looking for , especially with the power category checking in with 4 HP , so I had it overnighted with some oil and had at those trees over the weekend . I was pleasantly surprised at the impressive cutting power of this saw . As soon as I put it to a branch , chips were flying and wood was falling . It helped make quick work of both trees . I actually took the time to read the manual beforehand to be sure I understood the safety mechanisms , including the highly effective automatic chain brake , and I had no trouble operating the saw . When the chain finally slackened and fell off the bar -LRB- after almost two hours of fresh-out-of-the-box cutting -RRB- , I thought I would be able to get it back on in short order . In this area , however , the manual is a little lacking , and it was only when I put the manual aside and used my brain power that I was able to reattach the bar and chain to the saw and make use of the adjusting mechanism to tighten the chain . This saw does use a lot of oil , which is good for the life of the saw , but it makes clean up a bit of a chore with all those oil soaked wood chips in the main housing . Still , once you know how to take apart and put everything back together , the saw is not that difficult to clean up . As for overall ease of use , I honestly do n't think there could be anything better . I 've used electric chainsaws before , and none were as simple and strong as this one . So , even though this saw is not exactly perfect , I consider its drawbacks to be small enough that they do not warrant subtracting a star from its rating . Finally , one word of caution
 This was the first time I 've ever used a chainsaw and this was just a joy to play with - err , I mean , a joy to cut down trees that have fallen in my backyard during the recent Hurricane Irene . What I love most about the product is its simplicity . Pour oil in the tank , plug it in , push the safety button , and hold the trigger to start the saw . If that does n't work , you probably have the safety bar pulled away from you , so pull that towards you and it will work . Other than that , I ca n't fathom why one would need to purchase chainsaws two to three times as much as this one .
 I guess I was one of the lucky majority who got a non lemon unit . I cut up 3 cords of tree length barely seasoned logs in a matter of hours . This thing guzzles the oil , but I do n't care because it went through the wood like butter . I used a 50 ft. 12/3 cord in conjunction with a 25 ft. 14/3 cord as recommended by another reviewer and it worked perfectly ... no overheating . I worried about over using the unit , but it worked like a champ . I could not recommend the product more . The brake worked well to speed in putting down the unit and I only threw the chain once when it got pinched when a particularly heavy log dropped because I thought it had been supported , but I was cutting off the support . But I was able to put the chain back on in no time flat and having the unit up in running with a nice tight chain . Very satisfied ... very happy .
 This chainsaw has been excellent . I am using it to clean up my redwood forest . It has cut through 3 logs over 3 feet in diameter left over from the logging of the old growth trees . While there is some rot most of the wood is quite hard due to years of seasoning in a damp climate . Needless to say , smaller logs and live trees are no problem . The oil does not leak out when not operating , so I do n't have to empty the reservoir between jobs . I highly recommend it .
 Since this is the first chainsaw I have ever purchased , I have nothing to compare it to . However , this chainsaw is perfect ... right out of the box . There 's no assembly ; just put in the oil -LRB- which is sold separately -RRB- and plug it in . After receiving it , I just had to take down one of the `` rag '' trees in my yard . The chainsaw operated perfectly . Had the tree down in a matter of minutes and cut into pieces . I would recommend this saw if you need one for your home . I thought about a gas chainsaw but decided that I did n't want to deal with starting issues and gas/oil issues a few times a year . This saw is perfect for the home owner that just needs a chainsaw to have when needed . The final selling point was the 18 '' saw-blade .
 I received my new Poulan Pro 400E a few days ago and was n't sure what to expect . Had a landscaping project involving cutting old telephone pole logs into 3 feet sections . The first saw I used was a gas powered one and the chain on it got dull fast . My wife was headed out to the site and she brought the new chainsaw just in time for me to test it out . And man did that 400E do the job ! It was like cutting through butter ! I was skeptical before about electric chainsaws , NOT ANY MORE ! This has to be the quietest , easiest to use and clean chainsaw I have ever owned ! I do n't have to worry about getting out the old gas container to get gas or about the gas/oil mix going bad . Just add the oil and check chain tension and its ready to roll ! Great saw , I ca n't stop telling everyone about it !
 I had wanted to buy a gas chain saw , but my wife pointed out that the trees that we would want to trim or remove were within the length of an extension chord . I checked Consumer Report and this model was top-rated . I had been thinking of a 16 or even a 14 inch saw , but the CR review nailed it . It works as advertised , though I have only used it this last month . It has incredible power and saws through the trees and branches in quick order . Also , I received it in just a matter of 3 days . Wow !
 I was a bit concerned that an electric saw would n't keep up with my gas saw , but was willing to try it , as I go for long periods of non use and would have problems storing a gas saw -LRB- forget to put in conditioner , etc. -RRB- also , needed to use indoors to cut a large gluelam beam , and this saw has no fumes . The saw surprised me ... . Plenty of power , about the same weight , and less mainentance . What more can you ask for ?
 Have owned many gas chain saws in the past , including expensive ones . After a few years of light to average use and performing proper storage maintainance for winter months when the saw is not used , the gas saws always develop carburator problems and become difficult to start.Finally gave up on gas and decided to try this Poulan Pro . Saw has adeqaute power and performs well . Biggest problem is getting used to dragging 150-200 feet of electric cord behind me . This is not a saw problem but is a problem with a lot over 250 ` long and is heavily wooded .
 Nice size , not too heavy , it was pretty cool . The light work that I needed it for it worked like a charm ... Its a solid piece of equipment for an electric chainsaw .
 I bought this saw after reading the review on Amazon . I also checked the reviews of the electric saws I found at Lowe 's and Home Depot . When I ordered this saw from Amazon , I got free shipping and it arrived in less than a week . I used it to take down and saw into manageable pieces , a tree about 18 '' diameter . No Problem . The auto oiling feature is nice also .
 Zheece ! Most of our heat comes from harvestedtrees we have planted for this purpose . This4 Horse Electric is by far the best -LRB- of too many -RRB- chain saws I have used ! So simple compared to anygas saw & it cuts equally fast & well , limited onlyby the length of your extension cords ! Hey , that18 inch bar lets you go after those thick trunksthat were heretofore limited to that troublesomegas eater , too . Happy cutting ! It will be !
 My purchasing experience has been VERY good - the Poulan chain saw arrived quickly and I was using it in about 15 minutes - just had to read a few things to make sure I was doing it right . Put some oil in it and went to work . The saw is very powerful . I was quite pleased - plenty good for all of my around the house needs .
 I was dubious about how useful an electric chain saw might be . But I have an electric edger and an electric string trimmer and they both do a good job for me . I had several dead Mimosa trees , up to about 7 inches in diameter , in my back yard and wanted to cut them down and then cut them into the relatively short lengths that the trash pickup people will accept at the curb . So I ordered the Poulan Pro 400E 18-inch 4 HP saw from Amazon . I read the instructions , paying particular attention to the extension cord recommendations . Poulan recommends a minimum wire gauge of 14 AWG for a 25-foot cord and 12 AWG for a 50 foot cord . Use of a 100-foot cord is not recommended . However , I bought a 50-foot 12 AWG cord and also a 100-foot 12 AWG cord . The Mimosa trees were close enough that the 50-foot cord would reach them . The saw worked extremely well . It had plenty of power to handle the trees and made short work of the job . Although the use of a 100-foot cord was n't recommended , I had a Chinese Tallow -LRB- Popcorn -RRB- tree further away than 50 feet that had a large limb extending toward my house that I wanted to remove . So I used the 100-foot 12 AWG cord and removed that limb . I did n't notice any reduction in power and the limb was quickly cut off and reduced to curb-sized pieces.Before ordering this saw , I read the reviews here and I was careful to ensure that the chain brake was disengaged when using the saw . From some of the reviews , it appears that several people had ruined their saws by not observing this precaution.A handyman who is experienced in using both gas-powered and electric chain saws helped me with some of the work mentioned above and he had high praises for this saw and has since recommended it to some of his other clients .
 Some reviewers said the saw came DOA -LRB- would n't start -RRB- . Mine came that way because the saw has a built in safety feature to avoid kick-back injuries . In front of the handle is a guard that will shut the saw off if it is pushed towards the blade . All that is needed is to pull it back until it snaps into place closer to the top handle . I owned a Stihl gas saw for many years and it had the same feature and so do other chain saws.Excessive chain saw oil useage was also a complaint for some reveiwers . My Stihl used about the same amount of chain oil . The chain creates lots of friction and needs constant oil to keep it from getting prematurely dull and wearing out other parts . All chain saws need chain oil . Check the reservour every half hour or so.One lesson for chain saw cutting that is best learned early is to not allow the blade to contact dirt or sand . If it does , and it will at some point , stop cutting and remove the chain from the bar and soak it in cleaning solvent -LRB- not gasoline -RRB- . Dirt will wear the bar and sprocket out fast.This Poulan saw is a very good value . It has more power than I expected from an electic saw . With that said , do not decide to buy one and start your own tree business . The Poulan will not last as long as professional saws nor can it truely compete against the big gas powered models . It does hold its own quite well for most home chores . I cut a dead tree down that had a trunk diameter of about 9 inches . In my opinion , that is probably as big as this saw should be pushed.For my purposes and at my age of 62 , this saw is perfect . It 's light and it does the job . Keep the blade sharp and the oil filled and it 's just fine for occasional home cutting .
 This chainsaw arrives much faster than expected , free by air . The 18 '' size was just what I needed for cutting slabs of redwood . I would highly recommend this product . The only weakness is that extra chains are not offered by the same supplier , a back-up chain is always desirable to have .
 Got so tired of my gas saw and all the hassel that goes with gas saws for simple home use I gave it away.I reviewed lots of electric chain saws finding the Poulan 400e to be the best of the lot . So if you need a `` oncein while '' chain saw get the Poulan 400e and never look back it 's that good.Other saws may be Ok but if you want a electric chain saw that just rips a log down to size the best choiceis the 400e .
 I have used several light duty gas chain saws for pruning and cutting down small to medium sized trees around the house . My old homelite was worn out and decided to try an electric since they seem to have grown into a usable size.This saw has performed flawlessly for three multi hour pruning sessions on limbs up to 5 inches in diameter . I have not tried it on anything really large but it is light enough to tote up a 32 foot extension ladder and powerful enough to make quick work of the limbs I wanted to remove.I have a couple 8 to 10 inch trees to remove yet and am sure this saw will do the job . I really like the lack of fuel mess and ease of clean up . Hopefully no painful startup after a couple years in storage . Just keep the chain sharp and go .
 I cut up a small tree in my backyard with no problem with this chainsaw . If you have access to electricity where you 'll be cutting this is a great choice .
 This is a superior electric chain saw for general home use . I sawed up an ash tree for firewood ranging from 5 inches to 24 inches in diameter . It was powerful and cut it like butter . Limited use otherwise . It appears to be the best out there for the homeowner .
 Bought based on Consumer Reports recommendation . Good solidly made chainsaw is simple to use and powerful . Also liked the way that the chain adjusts and the ease of cleaning after use . Had been struggling with a hard-to-start gas chainsaw -- if you do n't mind dragging power cords around I would highly recommend an electric chainsaw for occassional use in your backyard .
 I bought this chainsaw to cut down a giant set of junipers in my backyard . It was a tangled mess , branches 30 + feet long , all hooked and twisted among others . I say this because the ability to easily cut , then stop cutting to try and get out what I had cut off was a key reason I bought an electric one . you can cut for a few minutes and just set it down , no restarting BS like with a gas one . The Poulan had the juice I needed , cutting through 10-15 inch stumps no problem . Also , I know I wont use my chainsaw more than once or twice a year , so the maintenance on a gas one did n't make sense to me ... this one will be ready to go anytime , as long as the oil is full . the oiler worked great , every time I checked the chain for tension , the bar was well oiled . the chain tensioning system worked well , as with any chainsaw , the chain loosens , but it was easy to adjust and maintain . If you are a homeowner , this would be a great option .
 I bought this chainsaw because the gasoline saw I have now is hard to start and required mixing gas and oil for fuel . This electric Poulan was not disappointing . It 's powerful and cuts throught 12 '' logs with ease .
 RECEIVED SAW IN GOOD TIME -- PACKING WAS GREAT -- WENT TO USE THE SAW AND ALL IT DID WAS BURN THE WOODAFTER CHECKING THE MANUAL I FOUND OUT THE CHAIN HAD BEEN INSTALLED BACKWARDS -- THE MANUAL WAS VERYCLEAR ON HOW TO INSTALL A NEW CHAIN , SO AFTER ABOUT 20 MINS . OF CORRECTING THE FACTORY 'S MISTAKEI WAS OFF AND RUNNING -- I WOULD ADVISE THE FACTORY TO TIGHTEN UP ON THEIR Q.C. -- LOVE THE SAW ANDI 'M SURE THIS JUST ONE THAT SLIPPED BY
 Took a little time to ship but then arrived in 48 hrs.Just as advertised and works well.Completed the job we purchased it to do saving a lot of labor .
 I 've been cutting firewood for days , much of it mountain mahogany , about the toughest but hottest , longest-burning firewood ever . -LRB- It 's about four times heavier/denser than fir and pine wood -RRB- This wonderful , VERY-well designed / engineered/built saw cuts through it smoothly , near-effortlessly . While 's very easy to handle , clean , adjust.I 'm not sure , but maybe only one downside could be is thatit runs through chain/sprocket pretty fast . Or , maybe not.Oh
 Unbelievably effective . I 'm a senior citizen who lives in a wooded area , and I got tired of wearing myself out cranking gasoline saws before I even started the job . This saw is easy , efficient , effective , and sure does the job .
 The Poulan Pro 400E is a great electric chain saw . Does an excellent job with good safety features . Would definitely recommend this saw for the homeowner with a small yard .
 This chainsaw has the power . Big 18 '' blade cuts very nice . Feels just like a gas one , but no mess . I was quite surprised , even after reading the reviews . Highly recommend this electric model , great Amazon deal , too .
 I have done quite a bit of chain saw work , but now live in a suburb and could n't see spending 250 bucks for a decent gas chain saw . Plus , the other reviewers made sense , why mess with all that gas and oil and trying to start the thing if you are just dealing with occasional storm damage . So I bought this and went after a good size Maple tree today . It really worked great . A bit light , and I suppose I missed the weight of a gas saw , but it cut very well , even did a bunch of cuts through 16-18 inch `` limbs '' . I let the saw work , and did n't force it though . I really worked great . I finished , and put it on the shelf . Nice an easy . Highly recommend
 I chose this tool based on its primary use - light duty work around the house with the assumption that electrical power would be readily available at a typical house . I debated for some time going gas powered , but then if I did go that route I was going to pick Stihl or Husqvarna , having had excellent personal experience with Husqvarna as a true back woods working saw . My first task with this saw was removing bushes at my parents house . Handling and weight of the saw were fine , no fatigue . Power was not an issue , nor would I think it would be for heavier jobs . Overall feel of the saw was quite nice after getting used to it . I 'm never a fan of plastic cases on any tool that might see abuse but since it 's not the 60 's anymore I ` spose I do n't get my choice , the case seems like it will hold up though . The blade size for the package is quite nice , it seemed like many comparable saws had shorter blades . I like to be able to utilize the entire blade and get into tight spots at times . Electrical hookup so far has not been an issue , I did purchase a 100 ' 12awg extension cord as part of the intent of use . Good value for the price .
 This was intended to be a Christmas gift for my husband , but he happened to be home when it arrived , and he snatched it up . He wo n't have a big gift to open on Christmas , but he 's so thrilled with it , it does n't matter . We have a mountain property with a ton of dead trees , and he has a field day slicing those trees into firewood . He loves it because it cuts so effortlessly . I love it because it 's quiet . It is electric , so it 's limited by the length of your extension cord , but with a small generator , it can venture far into the woods . For the size and the price , it 's a great chainsaw !
 This is a much-reviewed item , and I have little to add . I am writing this review after having used the saw twice , each for about 2 hours . First of all , the motor is powerful enough for light or medium duty use . Trunks or limbs 12-16 '' diameter can be cut without too much trouble , and I notice that others have cut larger than that . Listen to the motor , do n't strain it , take your time , and you will do fine . The electric cord is a nuisance , as it is for any corded tool . As commented by others , it uses a lot of chain oil , but I do n't think the use is excessive . Keep checking the level ; the translucent reservoir makes that easy . I had no problems with excessively rapid chain loosening ; check it frequently and adjust it as needed . When I removed the chain and bar for cleaning , it took me a while to get everything put together properly . But that is the case with any such task performed for the first time ; now that I understand what is supposed to go where it should be much quicker in the future . It would be helpful if a chainsaw expert could comment on how important it is to clean out the oily sawdust between uses ; from a casual glance it is hard to imagine that the stuff could cause all that much of a problem but it certainly might . Bottom line
 I ORDERED THIS CHAIN SAW THROUGH AMAZON AND IT CAME RIGHT AWAY BY UPS . THE SAW WAS READY TO GO JUST HAD TO ADD CHAIN-BAR OIL AND PLUG IT IN . I SAWED UP SOME OAK TREE LIMBS IN SHORT ORDER . THE SAW WORKS JUST GREAT .
 I had a lot of large tree limbs fall this year an instead of hiring someone to cut them up , I decided I give the Poulan Pro 400 a try . I figured if it did n't work out I would only be $ 90 out of pocket which was still far less than hiring someone.The Poulan made short work of both large and small logs and limbs . I cut up more than a cord of wood in one afternoon and since it is electric it does n't weigh as much as a gas powered chain saw so I was n't completely exhausted at the end of the day.I would highly recommended this item to anyone searching for a chain saw for mid to light duty log and limb cutting .
 The saw works great it is easy to use and light weight . The long bar makes easy work of large logs .
 Good saw with enough power for work at home sawing up branches and trees that have broken or fallen around the property .
 I 've owned and used this chainsaw for about a month . I upgraded from my small , cheapo , 14-incher . The 18 inch bar goes through oak logs much easier and the motor has more power-hasn ' t bogged down yet . My neighbor uses a more powerful gas chainsaw but it 's a hassle to use-stays running while arranging logs to cut , need to mix oil and gas , and is much louder.It does use a lot a chain/bar oil but that 's why the sell it in the gallon size.I highly recommend this Poulan chainsaw , and the price and shipping through Amazon were both great !
 I used this saw all weekend . A big oak in my yard dropped a huge branch so I bought one of these to clean it up . The biggest cut was maybe 14 '' or so . This machine worked fine . . no problems whatsoever .
 Many years ago I had a gas powered chain saw . It was dirty , smelly , noisy and did n't have as much power as this electric saw . It was probably more expensive , too.I have to use near power source , of course , but so far I have found that my cheap Home Depot 50 ' power cords work just fine . I have found nothing that this saw ca n't handle with ease .
 Have used gas chain saws all my life But this little thing really cuts , I use it to re-cut fire logs that are to long for my outside wood boiler , I sometimes cut them too long in the woods and this thing is really handy , and it was cheaper to buy here .
 I do a LOT of wood cutting ! I purchased my first Poulan electric five years ago , but the nylon drive gear suddenly locked up with a broken tooth . I have n't been able to remove it to replace it yet . I had probably cut 30 cords of firewood before the failure - NO complaits ! I just purchased a replacement with free shipping . I 've dropped & sliced 3 foot plus diameter trees with these saws . I use both the supplied 18 '' bar and the aftermarket Oregon 20 '' bar . They both work fine . Never run without oil and this saw will last a long , long time . I 've had two -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- gas saws fail before my first Poulan failure ! I 've NEVER had a problem sawing whatever needed to be sawed . This item IS WORTH whatever you pay ! I have pics if you want to see the results!Can I give it SIX stars ?
 This is very good chainsaw , It fast and powerful , I cut my 12 + '' trunk in just matter of minute . there is no problem at all after many time of using it .
 This saw is easy to operate and is very powerful . Much more than one would expect from an electric chainsaw . My neighbor doubted it would work as well as his gas powered chain saw . He made a cut from the tree and then I made a cut with the electric saw . He said , `` I think I need to buy myself one like yours . ''
 i did my homework on this one.i have a pretty powerful gas husky 18 `` about the same power , goes through anything , starts up nice.can ' t beat the price , does n't use much oil , chain easy to ajust.so far so good
 After reading eernest4 's most thorough and informative September 7 , 2010 review , I purchased this chainsaw . I 've used to to cut down one Weeping Willow . I found it a solid performer , especially for the price .
 For those that do not want the hassle of a gas chain saw , this is the answer . Plenty of power and easy to maintain . It cuts as well as my old gas saw without the mess .
 I bought the Poulan Pro 400E 18-inch 4 HP electric chain saw based on the reviews I 've read on Amazon . I must say that I agree with the reviews mostly . This is a good starter chain saw , and it is definitely worth the money . I wo n't dwell much on the positives since there are already a lot of other reviews that mention it.One of the most annoying things that I do n't like about this chain saw is that it sucks up , drains , eats up , consumes , etc. a lot of motor oil . A 25-ft tree branch fell on my yard . I would estimate that the branch had about a 40 inch maximum diameter . I used up 1 quart of Poulan Pro oil in less than 1 hour and 30 minutes . I 'm not sure if electric chain saws normally consume this much oil , but I just think that it is a lot of oil . The chain and chain bar was actually dripping with oil.Anyway , that 's about my only complain . The other features of the chain saw are great . It was definitely easy to disassemble the chain and bar and clean up . You just need to unscrew two bolts and that is it .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00080OD9Q Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4 Horsepower Electric Chain Saw -RSB- -RSB- I MUST SAY THIS POULAN 400E LIVES UP TO WHAT IT SAYS IT CAN DO . MY PURCHASE WAS STRICKLY TO AVOID HAVING THE PROBLEMS OF STARTING UP MY GAS SERVICED CHAINSAWS DURING THE COLD MONTHS HERE IN NORTHERN ILLINOIS . BROKEN LIMBS AND LARGE BRANCHES FROM MY TREES DURING WINTERY STORMS ARE NO MATCH FOR THE POULAN . LITTLE VIBRATION AND SMOOTH CUTTING MAKES FOR EXCELLENT HANDLING . JUST KEEP ON EYE ON THE OIL RESERVOIR AND THE CHAIN WICH HAS A SIMPLE ADJUSTMENT SCREW AND YOUR READY TO TEAR INTO THE WOOD . FOR THE PRICE -- THE 4 HORSEPOWER ENGINE DOES ONE HECK OF A JOB . I WILL , AND HAVE RECOMMENDED THIS PRODUCT TO MANY OF MY NEIGBORS AND FRIENDS .
 I bought this from Amazon 's Warehouse Deals and saved a little more $ off the already pretty-good Amazon price . The box was a little crushed , but other than that , I think it was brand new.It arrived in a couple days -LRB- thank you Prime ! -RRB- , and I put it to work trimming some oaks and taking down a huge photinia . Did n't notice any hesitation cutting up any of it . It 's nice that it 's lightweight , so wielding it while trimming higher tree branches is n't uncomfortable . Plus , since it 's electric , there 's no hassle stopping and starting it over and over.This will quickly pay for itself .
 This is a good starter saw or one for intermittent use . Easy to handle and will do the job on logs and trees up to 16 '' in diameter .
 Okay first off , I have to say that I am a chain saw `` virgin '' . Never owned one before and never had any experience using one . I admit it , I was a scaredy cat . But , finally after getting tired of waiting for my son-in-law to come over with his chain saw to help me , I just decided to bite the bullet and buy my own . Well , I did my research , and based on the reviews here bought the Poulan Pro . It arrived today and I am stoked ! I read the instructions well , purchased a bottle of chain saw oil , filled the oil reservoir , familiarized myself with the saw , and got to work . Started up like a dream , and in about 30 minutes cut down what was left of my dead peach tree trunk ! No problems , no kickbacks -LRB- which the instructions were careful to warn about -RRB- , no jams . The only thing I noticed which really is n't a negative , is that it is a bit of an oil hog . I had to fill the reservoir twice , but the instruction manual had told me to check the oil level often . It has a kickback brake , which works well , but since I did n't have any kickbacks it did n't `` kick '' in , lol . I just used it as extra precaution when not using the saw . The chain loosened a bit during use , but it 's easy to tighten , and they give you a little tool to do it too ! This little saw is perfect for women who , like me , are the `` handymen '' around the house . This little baby is going to get a LOT of use ! :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I did n't expect as much power from an electric as this saw has . I have a Husquvarna 350 gas saw that cost 3 times as much and I actually enjoy using this one more . Cuts well and the chain stays tight . Do n't have a clue what the one star reviews are about but I 've cut my share of wood and really like this saw for the price .
 I bought this chain saw a year ago with the intention of light trimming and cutting up small 2 '' -3 '' diameter stuff for my wife 's metal mesh fire pit . It did really good as expected . Well today our Bradfood Pear tree we planted 16 years ago was weighed down with ice and snow which split one branch in the the middle about 6 feet up -LRB- 8 '' in diameter -RRB- . It fell on the fence . I was concerned that other the 2 other large branches off the trunk -LRB- 8 '' -10 '' in diameter -RRB- would fall on the house or our gazebo , because the forcast was for more snow . So I bundled up got out the saw and extension cord and began to saw up the limbs that were on the fence & the others I thought might come down . The saw worked great , I just had to adust the chain after cutting a couple branches . Also , I made sure the saw was running & up to speed before I would make a cut . I ca n't believe how great this saw worked in the cold & wet , it really came in handy . We are sad to have lost our tree but , I can sleep tonight knowing I wo n't wake up with a tree landing on our house or gazebo . Anybody need some firewood : -RRB-
 Used to cut up a large tree that fell down in a storm . Works very well . Plenty of power.Appreciated the review from another customer about the blade break potentially turning off power to the saw - make sure this lever is pulled in.Note
 This is the 2nd one of these saws that I have owned . The first one was used and abused for 2 years , and when it failed I quickly went out and bought the exact same saw . I 've cut trees up to almost the full blade length with this saw and it never balks . Cuts at an angle fine and is pretty light weight . Probably the best electric chain saw out there .
 I am 71 years old and have cut a lot of wood . Have heated our house for at least 25 years , probably have cut more wood than most . But with my age starting my old gas saw , climbing up a ladder into a tree is not very easy any more . Any way about this electric saw I cut up a 24 inch white oak a couple of weeks ago . Must have gotten about 4 cords of wood from it . This saw cut up this tree like it was butter . It cut nice and straight and I was not tired when I finished . I wish I would have bought this years ago . Some reports say that it has plastic gears in it ? I do n't know but for $ 90 I do n't have a problem , My gas saw cost me over $ 300 , has always done a good job , but at my age I will go for the electric .
 Does n't stop and it can cut big trees . Excellent product for the Electric Chain Saw type .
 Nothing to complain about does what it is supposed to and the price is right . Chopped up some large oak logs and it never even hesitated even when I hit some knots . It is almost frightening hot it cuts so smoothly , makes you a bit more relaxed than you probably should be with a chainsaw.We 'll see how it works in a year from now ...
 Chose this saw after reading other reviews . I needed to replace a 25 year old sthil saw . Since my usage of the stihl had drindled to about once a year , I decided that the expense and upkeep of gas units was not worth it . If I 'm out of range of the extension cord I will either rent of hook up to a generator.Product received in a timely manner . It would have been nice to have a blade guard with the saw .
 I had one very large dead tree on my 5 acre property when I bought it . Not wanting this tree to come down on anyone , I used a 14 '' electric saw to start out , but it quit working under the load . The 18 '' Poulan from Amazon not only cut the tree down , but kept working all the way from bottom to top and is still working after replacing the chain with another purchase from Amazon . She runs fine on a small generator when I 'm not near the house to get power . Great machine .
 I bought this saw to deal with a fallen tree on my property that had smoked by previous electric saw . The price seemed right , and the reviews were mostly very positive so I went ahead and bought it the same day that the old saw went belly up . I gave the new saw a test run on the first day , and it made short work of the problem tree . It was n't a huge tree , but it took a dozen or so cuts through a 12-14 '' diameter trunk to whittle it down to manageable size . Every cut was quick and clean , and the motor seemed like it was just loafing along . This is a far more capable saw than the one it replaces , and I think I paid about $ 50.00 more for my previous electric . It 's only a 1/2 horsepower more powerful , but it feels like much more . Ca n't speak for it 's durability at this point , but based solely on performance it 's an easy 5-stars .
 I purchased this chain saw about 2 weeks ago based upon the price and the reviews . I must say that I 'm very pleased with the purchase . It arrived intact and ready to go . All I had to do was add chain oil - check the chain adjustment and go saw some wood . I made sure I had good eye and ear protection . The saw initially cut very quickly but soon seemed to bog down . I surmise it 's because the wood I 'm cutting is still wet and at about 16 to 18 inches in diameter - rather thick . I purchased the Dremel chain saw sharpening attachment -LRB- # 1453 -RRB- for about $ 12.00 and was able to sharpen the chain in about two minutes . I highly recommend this attachment ! If you need a chain saw and do n't want the hassle of the gas engine and do n't need to use it remotely - I recommend this saw . It really will do the job with power to spare .
 Worked great for me . When I needed firewood for my Franklin stove , that I had bought from Ben himself , my friend brought me a dumptruck load of fir logs that were as large as 18 inchs . I did ` nt want to run my gas saw that would have maded a lot of noise to disturb to neighbors . Now they are borrowing it from me . Lots of happy people with this saw . BURT
 I needed something to take care of large limbs that fall in my yard , so something that I use only periodically that does n't need a lot of upkeep or effort to use . Took a little getting used to , in particular the cleaning and adjusting the chain . But all in all it seems a good buy . I used it once for several hours . Probably more this fall . Eats up oil , but performs well . No complaints .
 I 've used a small electric chain saw for 15 years around the house . In my opinion , an electric chain saw is the way to go for most people as long as you do your work within 100 feet of the house . My neighbor has what is supposed to be one of the best gas models out there , and he always has trouble getting his started . I think most homeowners use a chain saw once in a while , and then it sits on a shelf for months at a time . With an electric model this is n't a problem . Mine always starts as soon plug it in and push the trigger . If a gas model is n't used on a regular basis , it gets even harder to start , not to mention the trouble and mess of mixing and using gas . This electric saw is very powerful and does all I want it to . It has a good quality feel except for the cheap saw blade cover which is n't worth using . Overall , I highly recommend this saw .
 Plenty of HP & well balanced too . Limbed and dropped a 20 '' diameter apple tree like it was a stick of butter . Tree to stacked cordwood in about 20 minutes .
 I use it to clear brush , cut limbs , and cut small trees . It is surprisingly powerful , reasonably quiet , and very reliable . No maintenance , no mixing gas and oil , no refusal-to-start . Just what I needed !
 A windstorm took down two tree 's in my back yard . The church that owns the woods behind my house , had so much damage , that they said they would not be able to clear it from my yard . I purchase this saw , after reading many favorable reviews , and I give it a thumbs up . I had never used a chainsaw before , so I ca n't compare , but I could n't have wanted a better experience .
 UPDATE 3/18/2010 : Last week the winds hit 60 mph and another tree came down ... a 60 foot pine . This saw did it 's job , and at the risk ruining the chain , I 'm going to try to get through the rootball . In my first review I said you do n't need a gas chainsaw , and I meant it , however , when you have no power , a gas chainsaw is a Godsend ! -LRB- At least , I think it would be -RRB- . LOL . Even still , I am so happy with this purchase . This is such a great saw , my neighbors used it as well , and they love it , too . The only thing to keep in mind when you are cutting thick pieces of trunk is that you do n't want the tree to collapse onto the blade and lock you up . This can happen if you get cocky -LRB- and it 's easy to do with this saw , because it is soooo capable ! -RRB- . Two weeks ago we had 50 + mph winds and as luck would have it , my neighbors tree fell into my driveway -LRB- and SUV -RRB- . FYI this is MY responsibility , as it is an act of God . This is according to my insurance company . Had I informed my neighbor in writing that his trees were endangering my property , I am told it would have been his responsibility . I just mention this for anyone reading so they can start sending out letters . Anyway , as I said , as luck would have it , and I am a lucky guy , the tree just dented and scratched the SUV , but nobody was hurt . Since my neighbor offered to help clear the tree and was never heard from again I decided to order this chain saw and clear it out myself . Please note the base of the tree is a bit over 22 inches ! I ordered this chain saw because it was the biggest I could find , and because I had heard good things about Poulan . I should note that a couple of years ago I used a friends 14 inch chain saw , and another FYI , take breaks every half an hour if you are not used to it , and make sure the chain is sharp , otherwise you could end up damaged the ligaments in your hand/arm . I wore a brace for 6 months . So , back to the review ... Because of poor weather , getting home late , etc. , I did not have a chance to dispatch the tree until tonight . I can honestly say it took me less than 45 minutes , working in the dark and by myself . This is one awesome chain saw . It is not as heavy as I thought it would be and very easy to handle . Make sure you add enough oil , but be careful as it is very easy to overfill , as I found out . Also be sure to tighten the chain , especially in the beginning as it becomes a bit slack and there is a very real danger that it can come off and really hurt you . This does draw a heck of a lot , so make sure you are using a very good extension cord -LRB- 12 gauge -RRB- , and probably not more than 50 feet . As far as kick back , I experience very little , and only when I knew it was comming . For example , when I was about to hit another branch , and even then it was nothing major . The kickback guard is probably not going to do all that much if it really comes back at you hard , but read the booklet , as it tells you how to avoid it . Do not try to use this on small twigs or branches , it will just whip them around . Always wear eye protection , and always pay attention to your stance and be sure the saw is directly in front of you , not on the side . Also , if you are cutting a thick trunk , as I did , it is better to have a friend in case you need to put a wedge in the cut -LRB- sometimes the tree can come back on itself and lock up the blade , and that could be VERY dangerous -RRB- . Always keep it properly oiled and clean and you should be very happy with this . I prefer this over a gas powered chain saw for many reasons . It does not require gas . You do n't need to play with a choke . You can turn it on and off easily and quickly . Honestly , you do n't NEED a gas chain saw unless you are going to be doing a lot of serious cutting . This will do just about everything a gas chain saw can , unless you need the portability of gas . That is the only reason I can see getting a gas one over this . I am not happy with my purchase , I am thrilled ! I ca n't imagine anyone not loving it ... just remember , read the booklet ! and , be careful .
 After reading all the reviews , I decided on purchasing this particular chainsaw . I used it right out of the box on my oak tree and it worked great . It cut at least two six inch branches without difficulty . I then took it to my brother 's back yard and I cut a whole mature cottonwood tree down . It also managed to cut a four inch oak tree limb that was overhanging over the garage . This is my second saw . It 's much better than my gas operated saw.Since I live in South Texas , good firewood -LRB- other than mesquite -RRB- is hard to come by , so I volunteered to cut my neighbor 's oak tree branches for the firewood . I had to replace the chain once . Otherwise , it keeps on running and cutting . Excellent product for the money.The only drawback
 I was n't too sure about getting an electric saw since I 've always had nice small engine types , but I had just bought a small lake front property and only had some clean up work to do and really did n't need a big tree killer . Figured I 'd give it a try . What a pleasant surprise ! It makes quick work of wood even up to 14 '' diameter . This is the best value I have ever had in a saw . Having said that , do n't buy this saw and then think you 're Paul Bunyan or that your suddenly going into the lumber business . It ' for small to medium work and does a great job at that . If the job is bigger than that , you are going to need a bigger saw .
 Had the saw for about a month now , cut about 3 cords of oak , so far so good . Realy like the light weight & cutting ability with logs in excess of 18 '' . No gas & engine oil & not breathing the fumes is also a big + . Works great with my Honda generator when I 'm over 100 ' from the house . I went through 3 sears 18 '' gas saws in the past 12 years if it lasts as longI 'll be quite happy .
 In the aftermath of an early fall -LRB- leaves still on the trees -RRB- snow storm that put down 35 '' of wet heavy snow and devastated a number of trees , I immediately ordered this saw . Now after 8 truck and trailer loads of limbs and almost a chord of firewood cut I could not be more pleased . It has required nothing more than a chain tightening , some bar oil and electricity . It cuts as well as my gas saw but is light and comfortable to use .
 This electric chainsaw performed as well as everyone said it would . It was powerful , easy to use and light to handle . I cut up an uprooted tree with 14 inch diameter trunk easily and quickly . I did have to purchase a heavy duty 10 ga. 100 foot extension cord because of the distance from my outlet so added another $ 50 to cost of this setup . But now I have a cord that I could use for other uses . And the saw never stalled or strained while in use with the long extension cord .
 The saw works perfectly and is exactly what I expected and needed . I recommend this item for anyone that needs to trim or cut down small -LRB- 12 - 15 '' -RRB- trees . This product was in my hands three days after I ordered it .
 Poulan Pro 18-Inch 4 HP Electric Chainsaw # 400EI have 2 acres behind my house that needed to be cleared of about 50 trees ranging in size from 6 '' to 24 '' diameter - I hope to be able to attach photos to prove this-This chainsaw is amazing , I was able to fell 43 HARD WOOD trees in less than 16 hours of work . So far the only problem I have had is the oil is not feeding properly to the chain -LRB- I was using a standard chain and bar oil and switched to Poulan 's brand and that is when I started having the problem ?? -RRB- But because it is under warranty I am able to take it to a place in town to have it repaired -LRB- I live in a very small town and this is a great benefit -RRB- . Anyway , I have been so impressed with this chainsaw and have told many friends about the product and where to get it for under $ 100 ! Worth every dime and more ! NO TAX FREE SHIPPING!I have even used it with my generator when I got too far from the house for the cords to reach with no problems whatsoever.For the money you ca n't beat it.I really do n't think you will be able to find a better product for the price .
 I just opened the box , added oil , plugged it in and absolutely nothing . No indication that it even wanted to try and start moving . I 've requested a replacement against my better judgement , but based on the other reviews it only appeared that a small % of them were bad , so I took my chances . We 'll see how the replacement works.Well , a little embarrassed . I received my replacement without any hassle from Amazon , which is why I shop with them . However , the replacement had the same problem . I thought , there 's no way two could be bad . So I read the instructions again , and again . Then I found the problem , quite a few pages in after the `` Operation Instructions '' Poulan describes the brushguard brake function . The brushguard must be pulled toward the handle to start.So , I rated the product 4 stars out of sheer embarrasment , however their instruction manual gets -1 star .
 This unit performed pretty much as expected , cutting through logs up to 18 inches in diameter with relative ease . I even used the saw to cut a hollowed dead Maple tree into sections before carting it away.If one were to express any reservation about the saw it would be with regard to electricity consumption . I suspect -- but can not quantify -- that the unit consumes a good deal more energy in terms of dollar-per-hour-of-use than a comparable gas model , as evidenced by a substantial increase in the subsequent electricity bill . Any references that could confirm or refute this would be welcome .
 Ater haveing 2 gas saws that may or may not start when you need them , this saw is always ready
 Length :
 same as before . I can handle it and I am a woman . Because it is electric no motor to heft .
 My husband is too macho to use an electric chain saw so he sticks with his loud , stinky gas saw . That 's fine with me , because mine stays sharp longer since I 'm the only one using it . The saw is pretty heavy for an electric saw but it works like a trooper and you do n't have to remember to buy gas and keep gas around . It will tone up your arms while you 're trimming those trees .
 This is not a gas chainsaw , if you are going to cut trees down get a gas chainsaw.Now that that is over , this is great , I spent sunday cleaning up very large branches , some 12 + inches in diameter . Stupid hurricane . Works great.Has very little oil leakage , not bad at all , does not spray oil when in use either . Great chainsaw.For the power to weight ratio , you ca n't beat this . If you want a professional chainsaw husquavarna all the way , if you want to clean up down trees/limbs on your property Poulan electric is awesome.Now I just need a Honda generator : - -RRB-
 Excellent product as advertised ... lightning fast shipping . . very professional service ... thank you , thank you ...
 My husband 's gas-powered chain saw can be hard to start - especially on cold days . An electric chain saw can be the answer to the problem - as long as the cutting or trimming job is n't too far from home !
 Has plenty of power . Got it at a good price , and love it .
 I have had this since 2008 and it is still going strong . Great for cuttng stove wood to size . Do n't let the fact that it is electric fool you this baby has POWER !!!
 For the price I paid , this is a very handy chainsaw for backyard type chores .
 I purchased this saw to cut up fallen branches -LRB- some 6 '' dia . -RRB- and it worked like a champ . It 's easy to handle , quiet and cuts like butter .
 Received shipment in good condition prior to estimate date . Chainsaw worked great . Ready to go right out of the box , just add oil . It 's worth the extra to get an automatic oiler . Be sure to have oil as none is with the saw . The tool included for tightening the chain is a nice touch . Almost bought a smaller one , but glad I got this one . Recommend it highly .
 Very good product for around the house.Actulally I had a bad one!Amazon send me a replacement within couple days.Very please with the product and the customer service from Amazon
 I have cut up a ton of trees without any problems , so far . Will let you know more when I cut down 3 16 '' tree 's .
 I had to take a tree down in my yard and did n't want to deal with a gas operated saw -LRB- I 've had one before -RRB- . Did some research and the Poulan Pro 400E was the saw that continued to be mentioned + you ca n't beat the price . It did not disappoint . Very powerful and not as noisy as gas saw . I highly recommend this saw to a homeowner that occaionally needs a chain saw for pruning or cutting down a tree with a trunk that is 16 '' or less .
 Performs well and gets the job done . It replaced a 15 years old electric Craftsman that parts were no longer available . I was happy with purchase . Automatic oiler seems to do the job . Old one required pumping oil button .
 Used this saw for the first time the other day . The dead tree I cut was only about 10 '' in diameter on the trunk but it went through it like a cheese slicer through my favorite pepper jack ! It says 50 ' for the cord but I tried 14/3 cord @ 100 ' and it worked fine for this small job . A larger job I do n't know . So far very impressed but I have a lot more projects around the property to clean up . Very satisfied after first use
 This is an excellent tool . I have had it for five months and use it frequently . I cut large amounts of oak firewood all year around , some of which is two and more feet in diameter . This saw just keeps going hour after hour . Plenty of power . You just do n't have to worry about it.I also cut a fair amount of lumber . It will cut through a 2x12 like it were wax.The electric motor is perfect for my style of constant stop and start cutting -- no having constantly to restart a gas motor . The chain uses oil liberally but that is ok with me -- the well oiled chain seldom needs re-tensioning even after heavy use.I live in Houston and even here , electric chain saws are simply not available locally . Amazon was the only game in town for a good selection of electric chain saws.It arrived in a few days . It is plug and play . Replacement chains are readily available at Lowes/Home Depot -- although it took me days to discover this . This is my first chain saw -- I had no idea where to go for replacement chains.Now we both know.This is a great boy-toy . At a great price . I would love to have received it as a gift ... Happy sawing .
 I prefer electric chainsaws since they do n't have nearly the noise and none of the stink of a gas-powered one , which I 'll only use if I have to get farther than 100 ' from an outlet.I 've been bucking wood this fall since I got the Poulan , and it 's been trouble-free , operating just fine on a 100-foot cord on 14-16 '' oak.I 've read some reviews that suggest the saw might quit after a short bit of use , but I agree with one other reviewer who wrote that this is probably due to buyers who do n't understand the chain lock mechanism . Make sure you check that before condeming the saw . I 've also had to deal with a bad GFI breaking in my panel , which has nothing to do with the saw .
 I bought this electric chainsaw to replace a gas Craftsman chainsaw that was hard to start , stalled when you turned it at an angle , and also stalled when I wanted it to idle . This electric saw runs at the push of a button , is quieter than gas , does n't stall , and cut through my 6 '' birch like butter . It was exactly what I needed and it was cheap . Now I have to wait till the county toxic waste drop off day to dispose of the gas & oil mix from the old Craftsman . Going electric is very easy for anyone using a chainsaw within a 100 ' of an outlet . And if I do n't use it for a year I do n't have to worry about draining the gas & oil mixture , replacing the spark plug , or wondering if it will start .
 works really well and does not jam or slow on really big logs . very powerful and sharp . a little heavy but that is to be expected from a good product .
 The electric version is the best choice for us . We have many cedar trees around our 6 acre property , and this saw does the job . And right out of the box . I would buy another one without hesitation . And I would recommend this saw to my friends.About the usage of oil . Yes , you need to keep your eye on it . The reservior is not too big , so just be aware and keep it filled . I bought the gallon 30 weight oil at Walmart for about $ 8 and so what 's the big deal ? Just keep on topping it off . It 's so much fun using this electric saw.Buy some good leather gloves and eyewear.So glad we no longer have to fuss with the 2 cycle gas engines . No more mixing . No more hard starts.This is plug and go . 5 star rating . + + + + + + + + + + + + + After the review above , I purchased the Oregon S62 18-Inch Semi Chisel Chain Saw Chains.It does not fit properly . Way too much slag . Can not use . Have to use the OEM chain which works just fine . Disappointment though .
 I grabbed this saw as I was tired of watching a can of pre-mix go bad . I use this saw in conjunction with a 3700 watt portable generator for all kinds of duty -LRB- plus it 's good exercise for the generator -RRB- . If used with reasonable prudence , it WILL complete any task that you ask of it . Just be smart about the job , and large trees CAN be worked over with this saw.Oiler works nicely and the saw spins enough rpm 's to effectively clear chips from the cut . Just keep that chain sharp!Even though the extension cord sometimes gets in the way , the lightness and responsiveness of this saw makes up for this minor inconvenience.All in all , I 'm VERY pleased with this saw .
 Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4.0 HP Electric Chain SawI did not expect this saw to be a replacement for my gasoline chain saw but because of how well this saw cuts , I may never use my gas saw again . I have been cutting logs up to 14 '' or 16 '' with enough ease to even go larger if I had to . The only negative is having to drag around the 12 guage extension cord and move the generator to within 100 ft of the working area . But the positives more than outweigh that one point .
 I purchased this saw to clear up after an ice storm . It was well-reviewed by Consumers Reports , so I bought it from Amazon . It did a fine job .
 So this saw is awesome for someone like me . I do n't use it very often , maybe every couple months if a tree falls or a branch or the like , maybe a little mor often in the fall and winter for some random firewood . It is great in this regard because I know if it were a gas saw I would be constantly fighting with the choke , gas/oil mix , pull cord , etc. . I love having this saw where you just pull the trigger and it goes . The one down side obviously is it needs to be plugged in so you ca n't take it somewhere -LRB- unless you had a generator , but that runs on gas so get a gas saw ? -RRB- Anyway , this is the perfect chainsaw for the average homeowner who needs to cut a few times every now and again , not all the time .
 Worth the Money . Starts and cuts as advertised , Unlike the gas version which I replaced with this . Also delivered on time ...
 I bought this chainsaw to cut up a significant amount of firewood . The majority of the pieces are trunk sections , so about three feet in diameter and solid oak . The saw does n't seem to have any trouble cutting through them , although it takes a little more time that I was expecting . I should note that I have never used a chainsaw before , gas or electric . I knew that I would only be using the saw periodically and never far from an electrical outlet . Keeping mixed gas and dealing with another small CC engine was not something I was interested in.This saw does the job and is very easy to use . If you 're not looking for something industrial grade and wo n't be too far from an electrical outlet I do n't think you can go wrong .
 I needed to cut down about 30 trees in my back and front yard . I started out using a friends chain saw . Have n't needed one for about 20 years . Got fed up with the two he loaned me , they were a husqvarna and a mcalich or something . Would n't start all the time . So I said , `` why not , I 'll try an electric chainsaw . Glad I did . It is kind of nice using a saw that runs when you need it . There is n't a tree on the property that I ca n't cut down with this thing . It works better than i ever thought an electric could . NO DOUBT i reccomend this saw . Low maintenance , light , easy to clean and you never have to use a gas/oil mix . Well worth the asking price .
 Excellent product , exceptional value.Good power and supplied with adequate chain.Have used it so far 5 times and it has exceeded my expectations .
 Lightweight but powerful for an electric . Very convenient , and nice and quiet . I like it for cutting firewood , and felling small to medium trees , but use my 20 '' Husquvarna for the big stuff
 Although I have n't used it but maybe 2 or 3 run time hours , this electric saw works great . I have a gas 18 inch that is in shop so I bought this , being kind of leery of the capabilities of an electric but was pleasantly surprised by its aggressive cutting abilities even on fairly large limbs . I have had no problems with it so far.The only issue to get used to is make sure not to run out the oil tank , which uses 30W oil .
 This is not the first electric chain saw I have had , but is the most powerful . It cuts through 12 '' logs as fast a a gas powered saw , I have also had my share of gas powered saws . The only short fall is how far from the power source can you go . I will say this saw is the best in its class .
 I originally bought the Poulan Pro 42 CC 18 '' Gas Chainsaw but after reading the reviews here I took it back without even taking it out of the case and bought this one instead . I am very glad I did . I only need a chainsaw for around the house to cut fallen trees or the odd job . So the idea of keeping a can of mixed gas and oil did n't appeal to me . Not to mention the saw would sit on the shelf for months at a time between uses and I did n't care for the starting problems or engine repairs of a gas chainsaw . However I was worried that this electric chainsaw would not be powerful enough . I had 2 fallen trees with a bases of about 15 inches that I needed to cut into firewood immediately . This chainsaw performed perfectly . I realize that it was new so the chain was nice and sharp but it still had no problem cutting through everything quickly . I loved being able to start it and stop it at will without the hassle of priming a gas engine or overheating problems or running out of gas or messing with the choke . I stopped whenever I felt like it and came in the house for a drink of water . Went right back out and with just a squeeze of the trigger was back to cutting again . I have a perfectly cut half cord of firewood in just a few hours . Amazon delivered the saw to my doorstep in 7 days with the free shipping . The saw did not come with a case or chain oil so I had to make a quick run to the store for some oil . I was happy to see that the saw used almost a quart of chain oil for the 2 trees . This told me that chain stayed nice and wet . Afterwards I spent about 10 minutes cleaning the saw back up like new and put it back on my shelf for the next time . It only took removing the two lugs and the chain and bar came right off for cleanup . Nice job Poulan .
 As long as you can use it within extension cord reach , this is a great tool . the chain oiler is very good - the chain is always nice and wet without spraying oil , which is exactly the way I like it . And , of course with electric , there 's no gas mixing and start up problems , and the saw is considerably quieter and lighter than a comparable 2-cycle powered tool . But , keep in mind , this is not a toy -- lighter saws can kickback easier , but on the otherhand they are easier to control as well.Regarding the extension cord , I was worried that 4HP -LRB- 4HP = 2984W = 27A @ 110V -RRB- would draw a lot of current . But I 've had no problem using my regular old orange 14ga 100 ' outdoor extension cord . It seems to work just fine , and does n't get warm even after an extended duty cycle . The saw only draws full power under extreme motor loading situations -- like if the chain is binding or dull or something ...
 This is a great little saw and a real value at the price.It 's powerful enough for the typical yard cleanup jobs you run into , and it 's clean and easy to use , since all you have to worry about is keeping the chain oil reservoir full . This is NOT a production-style saw that you can take into the woods and cut fire wood . It 's a yard maintenance tool -- and a good one.This saw more than justifies the `` Best Buy '' rating Consumer Reports gave it . I 'm very glad I bought it , and I 'd do it again .
 YOU MAY NOTICE THAT ABOUT 90 % OF THE REVIEWS FOR THIS SAW ARE GUSHING WITH PRAISE , AND THE REMAINING 10 % SAY SOMETHING LIKE `` QUIT WORKING AFTER 20 MINUTES . '' WELL , I THINK I HAVE SOLVED THE MYSTERY ... TURNS OUT , UNLIKE MOST ELECTRIC CHAINSAWS , IT HAS A `` CHAIN BRAKE '' WHICH IS DESIGNED TO STOP THE SAW QUICKLY IF YOU BUMP IT , AS YOU MIGHT IF YOU LOST CONTROL OF IT . UNFORTUNATELY , SOME OWNER 'S MANUALS DO N'T SHOW THE CHAIN BRAKE IN THE DIAGRAM , IT REFERS TO IT AS A `` HAND GUARD . `` ALSO , THE TROUBLESHOOTING SECTION DOES N'T MENTION TO CHECK THE CHAIN BRAKE -LRB- I.E. , HAND GUARD -RRB- POSITION EITHER . TO USE , IT NEEDS TO BE PULLED TOWARDS THE USER.I WAS PERPLEXED DURING MY FIRST USE WHY AN EXCELLENT SAW JUST DIED . I CALLED AMAZON AND THEY PROMPTLY SENT A REPLACEMENT . WHILE I WAS WAITING FOR IT TO ARRIVE , I TOOK ANOTHER LOOK AT THE `` DEFECTIVE '' SAW AND REALIZED THE HAND GUARD HAD MOVED FORWARD , ENGAGING THE BRAKE.THIS IS AN EXCELLENT SAFETY FEATURE FOUND ON ALL GAS SAWS , BUT I WOULD HAZARD A GUESS THAT MOST OF THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS ARE THE RESULT OF A DEFECTIVE OWNER 'S MANUAL , NOT A DEFECTIVE UNIT , SO CHECK THIS OUT BEFORE RETURNING YOURS TO AMAZON!AS FOR THE SAW , I LOVE IT . I 'VE USED MANY GAS AND ELECTRIC CHAINSAWS OVER THE YEARS AND THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST ELECTRIC SAW I 'VE EVER OWNED . IT IS QUIET , POWERFUL AND AFTER FAIRLY STEADY USE , HAS YET TO REQUIRE CHAIN RE-TENSIONING . I 'VE OWNED REMINGTON SAWS THAT WERE PRETTY GOOD EXCEPT FOR THE TENSIONER.THIS SAW DOES AN EXCELLENT JOB OF LUBRICATING THE CHAIN . JUST BE SURE TO EMPTY IT WHEN YOU 'RE DONE SO IT DOES N'T DRIP DURING STORAGE.UPDATE
 I do a LOT of wood cutting and I mainly use two of these electric saws . I only pull out the gas saws if I have to go far away . I 've downed 4 foot diameter trees with these saws . Here are some tips : - use heavy duty 12 gauge extention cords for 100 feet or more . I regularly use 2 of them connected together for 200 ' reach.-keep it more than 1/3 full of oil and fill it up before you cut through sappy wood like pine . A stuck chain will strip the ring gear.-the aftermarket Oregon chains work a little better than the Poulan chain.-watch out for pinched chains . It will stip the ring gear.-keep the chain sharp ! I sharpen about every 2-3 oil fills . I use a diamond rotory file on my dremel . Works awesome . Be sure to lower the ramp in front of the cutting tooth as you sharpen it down so you have goood `` bite '' . The good thing about electric saws is that you have incredible torque . I mean you can just lean on your saw and cut through wood like butter . The bad thing is that if you bind the chain , it will likely strip the ring gear since it 's made of plastic . There is no clutch like on a gas saw . Go easy when cutting sticky wood or really hard wood . Use a plastic wedge to hold open long cuts that might bind.If you do strip the ring gear , you can replace it , but it is n't easy to get the saw back together again properly . They are only $ 13 from Poulan . There are a lot of screws and some of them are hidden . Watch out for the washer under the ring gear . You have to be sure to put the oil line back into the slot so it does n't rub on the ring gear . Took me awhile to figure out why oil was pouring out from my saw after I put it back together . The oil line is easily damaged by the ring gear if it touches it . Get a new $ 2 drive sprocket before you use the Oregon chains and replace them every once in awile . Getting the torsion spring on the hand guard is n't easy . Set the chain brake `` on '' before you take the saw apart.I 've cut probably 20 cords of wood with these saws and gone through 6 chains and 8 ring gears . Good luck !
 A big tree limp fell in my backyard . Tree removal companies wanted $ 350 to remove it . Decided to buy a chain saw and do it my self . I 've never used a chain saw before and was intimidated by the gas powered ones . Bought the Poulan based on the positive reviews and it works great . Easily cut through over 14 '' of wood and not that scary to use . I saved my self a few hundred dollars and have some wood for the winter . Might keep it or sell it on Craigslist .
 Made short work of a ficus tree about 15 '' across.Easy to use , and great power . Hard to believe that it is an electric . Used other electric saws in the past that could not hold a flame to this one.I can think of no drawbacks to this product
 I was in the market for a chainsaw . I chose an electric over a gas one simply because I did not feel like I would use it enough to warrant owning a gas powered one and its associated problem when left unused for long periods of time -LRB- gas varnishing , carb issues , etc -RRB- . I had my heart set on `` The Big Cut '' Ryobi 18 '' electric one from Home depot -LRB- Model #
 I love this electric chainsaw . It starts everytime . No more pulling and pulling trying to get it to start . No more issues with carbureator rebulding . And with 4HP , it has plenty of power & speed to match those $ 200 gas models at Home Depot , Lowes , etc. . It 's more than just a limb saw . I used it to cut down several good size trees up to 2 ' in diameter plus cut up the trunk for removal from the property . For many homeowner users , this will be a great choice for a general purpose chain saw . Only negative is no case -LRB- just a plastic sleeve for the chain -RRB- . But still a strong value for the $ .
 My McCullough 2 cycle gas saw was always a pain to start and I did n't like the gas fumes . The primer ball teared and the saw would n't idle and stalled . I looked around for a low cost electric and found this . This saw is much lighter and easier to handle than the gas saw -LRB- it 's also much quieter -RRB- . I was quite surprised how well it cut and was impressed that it had no problem going through a 14 '' diameter limb that fell off a large maple tree during a storm . I made quick work of the limb and put the saw back on the garage shelf where it will stay until the next storm and fallen limb needs removed . The gas saw found itself in the garbage can !
 Chain saw worked well for my ice carving but was a little noiser than I expected . I will know more about its performance as I do more carvings for outdoor exhibitions and demonstrations .
 Could n't ask more from a saw this cheap !! Excellent for round-the-house jobs . I would recommend this saw to anyone .
 Very nice chain saw . Started working right oout of the box and has helped me cut down a fair amount of trees / logs over the years . I daresay it could probably do bigger trees as well , but I have only ventured upto trees about 6 inches across , more or less . The only drawback is the electric cord , which doesnt have a hook or something to keep it in place during reasonable usage . Other than that , works like a charm . Liked this so much that I ended up buying the same brand snow thrower as well , which is also great . All in all , Poulan Pro seems to make good products .
 Just keep it filled w / chain oil and occasionally tighten the chain -LRB- a couple of times in first 15 minutes of use , then check it before each use -RRB- . I got it out of box , got it ready and used it long before it would have taken me to even get my gas one started . Cuts good and is heavy enough to let eat through your wood .
 I do n't have any prior experience with chainsaws , so I ca n't really comment about how this item compares with other chainsaws . With that said , this item works great for my use . It 's only been a few days , but I 've been cutting and trimming trees with this chainsaw without any problems . The chainsaw is easy to use and maneuver . I 've been cutting tree trunks with a diameter of 1.5 ft without any issues.Full day rental at my local hardware store is $ 55 , so I figured I 'd just pay a bit more and get my own . Glad I did!Be sure to grab some chainsaw oil because the item does n't come with it . I had to make a quick run after opening the box to get some .
 I was hoping to get a chain saw that could handle my Chinese Tallow tree 's 24 '' diameter trunk . All I can say is WOW ! The 18 '' bar made the job much easier than anticipated . I was pleasantly surprised how quickly I was able to fell and buck the tree . The Poulan 18 '' 4HP Electric Chain Saw 's automatic oiling system worked flawlessly . I did use quite a bit of chain oil , but the saw never seemed to be straining to do its job and the blade held up quite well.I first connected a # 12 wire gauge 50 foot extension cord from the power supply to make sure I had plenty of amperage available . From there I used a 25 foot # 14 wire gauge cord so if I should accidentally cut the cord , I would n't have to replace the expensive # 12 50 foot cord . There was no noticeable drop in saw power or efficiency.As of this writing , I have used the Poulan to also fell a Pine tree with a 20 '' diameter base using the same blade . So , for the cost of a saw , chain oil , and an extra blade , I have saved about $ 800 or more that I was quoted for the removal of 2 trees.One last thought . I always remove the chain , thoroughly clean the assembly and reassemble it after every use . This is especially important if you do as I do and use the chain saw to cut the huge tree roots when removing the stump . I know it 's not recommended to use the chain saw near dirt , but I clean off as much dirt from the roots as I can before cutting . And I ALWAYS use a worn -LRB- not dull -RRB- chain for root cutting .
 Bought this to cut down some 5-8 '' buckthorn trees , did about 5 pretty quickly . Had n't anticipated a 60-80 year old , 22 '' round oak going down in the front garden during a rain storm . Used the Poulan to cut through an entire oak tree and it did the job very well . Had to use a lot of oil also needs a sharpening tool . Both can be bought at Walmart for about $ 6 for the 2 stroke oil for a quart and the sharpener , which is a angled file that sharpens the curve and straight edge of the chain for about $ 10 . Do n't usually do reviews and go off other people 's advice - so impressed with this I thought I 'd share .
 Saw works really well as long as your job is not too demanding . The mechanism that holds the motor brushes is made of plastic and when it becomes overheated it melts . This causes the brushes to move to a nonfunctional position and the motor stops .
 When I am looking for something , whether it is for myself or my husband , I look for several things before I push the Add-to-Cart button . And in these tough economic times , the last thing you want to do is throw away your money.So , here goes my review . First this chainsaw had a great price and with the Amazon Prime , we received it in just a couple of days . We had a Craftsmen gas powered style , which my husband just found annoying to use . The starting of it was temperamental , the weight was cumbersome and the running to buy gas and the special additive was just a pain.Second , we had already purchased a smaller 16 inch electric Remington chainsaw and he wanted another one with a longer chain and more power.Third , he found this one easy to use right-out of the box . The much lighter weight allows him to cut more wood , because you are not fighting fatigue . A much easier start-up , just the push of a button and its running and also a useful sight-glass for the chain oil.Fourth , the electric is much quieter than the gas ones.And just for your information , my husband likes to split wood , with a maul ax . He only uses the chainsaw on really difficult pieces and I do mean difficult . His biggest challenges in our neck of the woods is Eucalyptus . It is very hard wood and very heavy and both of our electric chainsaws have worked great.He has replaced the chain on the Remington once , but has not had to change the one on the Poulan yet and he has been using it , mostly on the weekends for over 6 months now .
 This Poulan chain saw is great.Worked flawlessly right out of box.Very good saw for price . Plenty of power & works well plugged into 100 ' 12/3 cord .
 Right out of the box this unit had the power to cut about 1/2 cord of wood to length for my stove . While I like the light weight and power -LRB- I am used to a big 58cc gas saw with a 20 `` bar -RRB- the chain does not seem as aggressive as my other saws . I am sure my neighbors liked the fact that I did not have my gas saw out ... After an initial cut time of about 15 minutes , I tightened the chain and it seemed to be fine through the rest of the cut . The auto oiler works to the point that it seems to have too much oil coming out and this , combined with the chips and sawdust , required a complete teardown and cleaning after I was finished . The plug did not have any type of connector to keep the extension attached and even with the typical jury-rig of knotting the plugs I still had it come apart from time to time . The chain brake works well and I did not have any kickback problems in hard or soft wood . It looks like some routine maintenance and keeping the chain sharp will keep this saw going for a long while .
 Bought this saw expecting to ruin it cutting crossties for a landscaping project . But was I surprised -- this chainsaw outperforms more expensive gas chainsaws that I own . None of the hard starting , gas-mix problems , etc. . This saw has the power , chain design , and cutting power to keep the gas models on the shelf . I rather use a remote generator if I have to in order to use this saw . I was expecting a wimp of a tool with a short life -- but this one is a `` for real '' chainsaw !
 I bought this saw because it was reasonably priced and had very good reviews . I am glad I did . I had a big pine stump left in my front yard where I had a tree taken out a couple of years ago . It was about 17 '' in diameter and a couple of feet high and had been hidden in an azalea bed . The 400e had no trouble with it even though the stump was still very dense and heavy with sap . This saw chewed it up with very little effort , even when I had to squat at weird angles and cut sideways . It was over pretty quickly thank goodness . Plenty of power for the job . Only one small beef - no case . I would have paid another $ 20 or so to get a nice case or zip bag for storage . The plastic bar sheath is hilarious . Also , watch your extension cord lengths . I originally bought a 100 ' cord . When I saw the 400e 's user guide did not recommend cords over 50 ' , I bought a 50 ' 12 gauge cord . The freaking thing would not reach my target by about 4 ' - can you believe that ? I kept it anyway and decided to use the 100 ' cord after all since other reviewers commented that they went this route and had no trouble . No problems on my end either - no power loss or heating up . The longer cord worked just fine . I highly recommend this saw - the 8 lb . weight is great as well when you 're working on a big job ...
 I was very pleasantly surprised at the power this saw actually has . I have & use my 18 '' gas powered chainsaw but wanted one a little bit easier to use , however , I was concerened about the power of an electric one . This saw is AWESOME !!! The only thing I would change is the chain cover that comes with it . WHAT A JOKE ! It 's a cheap piece of plastic about as thick as a sandwich baggie . I guess safety was n't a concern when they designed that . Other than that , this is a great saw .
 Excellent powerful chain saw . Only minor complaint is owner 's manual does not recommend using the saw with an extension cord over 50 feet . I have very successfully used it in heavy duty operation with 300 feet of heavy duty outdoor extension cord . Highly recommended .
 Right out of the box this saw impresses . Filled the tank with oil -LRB- about 8 oz . -RRB- , and felled/chopped 2 30 ' trees in about 20 minutes.It really likes to drink the oil , it used about 3/4 -7 / 8 of the tank in the process of taking the 2 trees down and making firewood.The chain needed tensioning every few minutes , but it was easy as any other saw . It came with a T-handle tool with a socket on one side and a flat headed screwdriver on the other . I expect the chain to stabilize shortly.The stock chain is n't very aggressive , but it does n't slack at cutting speed either.Just make sure you have plenty of oil on hand -LRB- 2 qts for a long day of cutting -RRB- and a spare chain handy.Have ordered the case for said saw -LRB- poulan case . . it DOES NOT FIT in the Northern Tool / Husq cube looking case -LRB- tried at Northern tool today -RRB- -RRB- . Edit : Having ordered the Poulan `` Fits All '' case , it does not , in fact , `` Fit All . `` It may `` fit all '' gas powered units . . but.The case needs to have part of the innards removed so the saw fits down inside sitting neatly . It 's not hard to remove , a simple razor knife does the job , but it 's annoying .
 I wanted to get a chain saw and spoke to a friend who reccommended buying an electric one . It was the best advice I have gotten in a long time . Gas powered string trimmers and lawnmowers are great until they stop running - then they are a hassle to have to fix . I went on Consumer Reports and this model was one of the highest rated models listed . This thing is great . I used it all day cutting back some unruly trees in my front yard . Some of the branches I cut of where pretty thick . It did everything I needed it to do .
 Having worked in logging for 25 plus years and owning other electric chainsaws over the years for various projects around the house . I at present time own 3 other smaller electric chainsaws . I bought this Poulan Pro 18 inch chainsaw to cut some larger trees that the bar and chain would barely reach through from one side of tree . This chainsaw has plenty of power to cut through the trees with no trouble at all . If your chain is sharp , you will have no problems at all with this chainsaw . I was totally please with it 's operation . I recommend this chainsaw to anyone that needs a electric chainsaw without the mess of a gas powered engine .
 I had checked out several saws in this category and am VERY glad I settled on this one . PLENTY of power ! Was a bit surprised to see a smaller 5/32 '' chain on it but it does fine -LRB- being careful to MAKE it cut in a flat plane and NOT a curved cut -RRB- . I have used it to cut firewood and downed trees/limbs up to 2 ' in dia . with complete satisfaction . I use a 100 ' 14-gauge cord on a 20-amp circuit with no promblems . :D Highly recommend it !
 Really impressed how easily this went from the box to the tree . Cut easily through 8 inch limbs . MUCH easier than maintaining a gas saw when you only use it once in a while . Highly recommend this one .
 I purchased the 403E back in March , 2010 for just under $ 90 . Did the requisite research at reputable review sites prior to making my purchase . I 've used gas saws and this electric version does not disappoint . This is a solid , well-made piece of equipment that is approximately 34 inches in length . I 've used it to cut down and trim into manageable pieces , a 20 foot tall red oak tree that was over 12 inches thick in places . Also used it to cut down to the ground a large number of sizeable bushes . When the chain came off -LRB- not the saw 's fault , I blame it on my not tensioning it correctly -RRB- it was very easy to put back on . Loosen a couple of bolts , lift the plate off , slip the chain back on and retension the fine tuning screw a few turns -- which took me about 3-5 minutes to do -- really simple . I have no regrets having purchased this equipment -- other than wishing that I had bought it several years earlier as it has saved me a LOT of hard work and time . Definitely would recommend this item to others who need a medium duty , in the back yard-use saw .
 My husband says the Poulan Pro 400E , purchased at Amazon , is quite powerful and easily cuts through 6 '' to 12 '' logs of Cherry , Black Walnut and Maple . He has an 18 '' gas chain saw that is very tempormental , so the Poulan is a change of pace with it 's plug and go operation . He mounted his generator on the rear scoop of his Ford 9N tractor for use way back in the woods - works out fine . The auto oiler also seems to work O.K. Good value for the price .
 I have owned several gas chain saws over the years and they always work well if you use them on a continual basis . Like most home owners once you are done with what you got it fore the chain saw can sit for months , or even years before you use it again . What a problem ! I would always have to rebuild the carburetor , or clean the sludge , or varnish from the gas lines . Clean or replace the spark plug . Even after a few hours of work the gas chain saw for some reason would be hard to start . So when I needed my chain saw to work it would not answer the call , so I decided to look for an electric chain saw to cut the trees that came down when a big wind storm came my way.After many hours of research , I decided to give the Poulan Pro 400ES a whirle . To my not so surprising amazement it started the first time I pulled the trigger , and every time I needed it after that . I have cut more than 7 cords of wood in the past week and no problems . Some of the pieces are more than 3 feet wide and this thing has cut through it faster than any saw I have ever used . The trees were Oak and Pine , and it worked flawlessly . I have not had any of the reported problems that others have written about in their reviews . I use a 100ft , 12g extension cord . I have a generator I used at a friends house to help with his wind blown tree damage and it worked perfectly.I still have my gas chain saw and I will rebuild the carburetor again and get it back in working order , so I can sell it on Craigslist . I highly recommend this electric chain saw especially for home use . I have bought 4 more to give as Christmas gifts . I could not be happier !!!
 This saw performed better than I expected . Has plenty of power and is easy to handle . I have never owned an electric chian saw and was skeptical.Cut smaller logs with ease and larger ones with minimal effort . Well worth the money .
 After the recent windstorms in the San Gabriel Valley -LRB- 12/2011 -RRB- , just about everyone had a tree or 2 down , not to mention all of the other destruction.I had one tree that fell . It was an old rotted orange tree.Didn ' t need the wind to bring it down.So I tried to use an axe and a hand saw on it . Orange wood is really hard stuff , but my new chain saw worked great.I think I had most of it chopped up in the same time I thought about using my axe!Put a little oil in the reservoir and you are up and cutting . Oh yeah , plug it in !! Much better than a gas saw as you do n't have the messy fuel/oil mix and clogging after not using it for a year or 2 . So if you cut once in a while , get an electric.It is a little messy because of the automatic oiler that mixes with the wood chips and drips , but just pop off the cover with the supplied wrench and wipe it down.I tell you , its a lot easier than choppin wood with an axe , and worth the 5 minutes to clean it afterwords!Oh , as long as you has access to 120vac . If you are out in the woods , than its not going to work well !
 The Halloween 2011 snow storm took down a bunch of small trees in my yard . I have never used or owned a chainsaw . I did n't want a gas saw where you have to worry about oil/gas mix so I went with an electric saw.This saw is ready to go , right out of the box . Just add oil , check the chain , plug it in , and you are ready to go . I easily took down and cut up 2 birch trees -LRB- 6-10 inch base -RRB- and a dogwood tree -LRB- 7 inch base -RRB- within a few hours . I did not find the chainsaw used much oil and did not have to add any oil during use.Great saw , excellent price , easy to use for both women and men . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I have had this in the box for some months now . Was reluctant to get to the job of cutting up several fallen trees on my property . Was n't expecting too much from it , but was influenced by the number of positive responses . So , I headed out back and proceeded to cut away . The only thing that prevented me from cutting down all the trees on my property is the local ordinances protecting them . I did n't want to put the saw down . What power and the ease of cutting was superb . So smooth and quick . Yes , I know the cutting chain is new , but after 12 ten-inch trunk trees , the chain was cutting as though it was just out of the box . Loved it and would buy another one if had to . Good Luck !
 I 'm sure the most common concern for long time gas powered saw users such as myself is `` will it have enough power ? '' . The answer is yes , unless you are a logger , this thing has plenty . I 've been cutting some fairly dense russian olive wood and this saw melts right though . My only issue was that I have always used motor oil as a bar lube -LRB- used motor oil actually , and never had a problem -RRB- but when I tried it with this saw it simply refused to pump the oil . After switching to the Poulan bar oil , it works like a charm . I recommend using hearing protection , its not overly loud , but I do n't want to end up as one of those guys who always says `` whats that ? '' . I love this saw .
 This particular Poulan electric is an excellent tool . It can quickly dispatch and process real trees . It 's surprisingly light and well-balanced . For heavy work ... whether pulling from an AC outlet or a generator ... be sure to use a short , heavy -LRB- 10 or 12-gauge -RRB- power cord because its motor is capable of drawing some serious current if the blade starts bogging down for some reason . For light duty work like pruning , a general-purpose outdoor extension cord -LRB- 14-gauge -RRB- will probably suffice .
 It just works . Easy to use and refill oil . Works great for around the house .
 This was my second unit . The first was replaced by Amazon which was awesome . This is the perfect saw for trimming and cutting up downed trees .
 Pleasantly surprised . I expected more of a toy than a tool . This is a real value .
 This saw has plenty of power for the type of cutting I do . I use it to cut up deadfalls and broken branches for outdoor camp fires , and it works great for this .
 I had to cut up a wind-downed Ponderosa Pine approximately 14 '' diameter trunk with 6 '' -10 '' limbs . I have a Husquvarna gas saw that I was constantly repairing and as usual it would n't stay running when I started this project . In frustration I thought I would give an electric a try and the Poulan handled the job without a single problem . Although I have only used it this one time so far , in my opinion , for the active homeowner this saw is a perfect choice . Simple to use , more than adequate power and easy to clean . A real value . The blade cover is laughable but there are several after market choices including a $ 30.00 case from Poulan .
 This is really a great chain saw . I cut five trees down with it and it had plenty of power to do the job with ease . The saw is well made handles easily and being electric all you do is add oil and never have to worry about it starting .
 We purchased the first of these in a refurbished unit and did quite a bit of work on it before it started having trouble . The repair was minor but the bench fee was nearly the price of replacing so went ahead and bought a 2nd one - used the chain etc from the first as spares . Pleased with the purchse . For a fraction of the cost of having tree trimmers come out for one visit this gets the job done fast . Strong enough to make quick work of most jobs plus , living in a hurricane prone state means we often need to remove limbs , large branches or even trees that come down during a storm . Rather than wait days or even weeks - this allows us to move about the yard without danger . A must own - great price . reliable product .
 I 've always used a gas powered Homelite so I was a little wary of an electric , but the convenience factor took over -- I never run out of gas , I never have to pull a starter -LRB- my Homelite 's starter cord kept coming out -RRB- . Surprisingly the Poulan is heavier than my old Homelite , which is why I only gave 4 stars -LRB- plus , I really need to be aware of where my extension cord is so I do n't cut it in half -RRB- . Otherwise it is great -- cuts well , acts like a regular chainsaw . I did buy from Amazon rather than a discounter , private party , or refurbisher because some of the other reviewers indicated that their saws just quit working at some point . Amazon has a great return policy . I 'm knocking on wood but , so far , it 's working great !
 I just used the saw to cut a 180-year old oak tree -LRB- over 30 inches in diameter -RRB- . A tree professional helped me to fell it to the ground . I saw it into little pieces . Surprising , it is up to the job . A little tip for anyone who may use the saw
 Works right out of the box . I was up and running in 5 minutes . Cut down a large cherry tree with ease . It does go through the chain oil , so keep an eye on this . I even had it 25 ' up in a willow tree trimming off a 25 + '' diameter branch . I have owned 2 gas powered chainsaws before this . After 6 or so years they get to be a pain and you have to spend a good deal of $ $ to fix them , or buy new . Now I just plug and play .
 I was doubtful about electric vs. gas for a chainsaw , but I read the other reviews and decided to give electric a try . I just received this chainsaw yesterday to clear larger tree limbs that had fallen due to a severe storm . The chainsaw had plenty of power and was ready to go out of the box except for lacking chain oil which I got ahead of time since I had already read a review that mentioned the oil was not included . I did not need the 18 inch bar but decide to get it since the price was about the same as a 16 inch bar . I am glad I got the 18 inch bar since I now realize this chainsaw is only limited by the extension cord rather than the power of the chainsaw . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have used this saw to cut down some 30-40 ' birch trees in my back yard without too much trouble . I did have the chain come off a few times , but I think it was my fault for not tightening it enough after the first few uses . The blade cover is a joke like others have said ... quite flimsy , almost looks like something you are supposed to throw away -LRB- packaging -RRB- .
 Based on some consumer reviews and other experiences I had with Poulan products , I purchased this item . It arrived in 2 days which was amazing to begin with . Great job.This saw performed flawlessly right out of the box , not 1 adjustment needed . On the first day of use , I was cutting wood for about 4 to 6 hours and I cut some pretty big trees . Not one problem , it was perfect . What else can I say . I read some other stories where people had some big problems but I guess I was lucky , good karma.I think , no , I will be purchasing the gas powered 20 '' Poulan in another couple of weeks . I expect it to perform the same way .
 Being a new homeowner with 5 + acres . Mostly wooded . I did n't realise how important having a chain saw would be.Over the past three years . I have had the odd tree fall down or lean in a way that made them somewhat dangerous . So I have rented gas powered chain saws to ease the problem.Was not to happy with them . Trying to figure out gas/oil ratios . Having to prime before cranking and sometime not having them start.This past winter I had 8 trees come down and decided it was probably time to get a chain saw . Read good comments on the Poulan 18 '' Pro . So divied up and bought one.Have cut up ALL eight trees . Each with at least 24 '' diameter . Used about a gallon of chain oil but have n't had to replace or sharpen the chain yet.A great investment and I would highly recommend the Poulan 18 '' pro elactric chain saw for any homeowner in need of such a piece of equipment.S . Staniforth
 This chainsaw has plenty of power and runs quieter than gas powered models . Chain keeps well oiled . My doubting father-in-law was impressed . He came over to help fell a dead walnut tree with two of his chainsaws and we did n't pick up either . This one did the job all by itself ! Definitely a good buy .
 I got fed up with my old gas chainsaw and decided most of my cutting would be done close enough to AC that I could live with an electric model . This Poulan saw has more power and is easier to use than my gas saw ever was , even new . The saw looks like it will be as durable but only time will tell . I started using it right after I got it and so far my impression is that I made the right decision to buy this model .
 Awesome enough said . Takes down trees like nothing , 50 + footers . You will not be disapointed . It 's unstoppable ! Ash trees , oak trees like butter .
 When we decided to remove a 16 inch round tree from the end of the driveway a few weeks ago , my husband struggled with his 8 inch chain saw to remove the smaller limbs but was confounded as to how he was going to remove the trunk . The almost new but unreliable , leaky gas powered chain saw was out of commission so I looked on Amazon and found this Poulan electric . This is a fabulous little saw and never even balked at the trunk . It did an amazing job finishing off the trunk and even cut the rest of the debris into manageable pieces.This is a very quality product for the money and will be used a lot in the future but I was so grateful to have this messy tree finally away from the driveway.Considering that we were running this saw off a generator , when he hit large , wet sections of the tree , there was no hesitation on the part of the saw . It did the job and the blade stayed self lubricated , which is a wonderful feature . Our old one has to be primed all the time.As a wife , I highly recommend this saw for any tree job for your husband .
 Lots bad reviews on this chainsaw ; yet I wanted to be a believer -- mainly because it was such good value . Well , I saw one review stating that many people who are running into the problem of chainsaw suddenly not working is due to the safety bar being set . I was sold ! And hoped that this guy 's review was correct . My own review ? I LOVE IT!I have a 1.5 hp 12 '' elec. chainsaw , and it just was n't big enough for me to cut down my tree.This chainsaw is plenty powerful enough to cut down a 30 ' sycamore tree with trunk base radius of 36 '' . WhooRah !
 I had the 10 '' Poulan pole saw and it cut so good I thought I would give this 18 '' a try . I have been very impressed . It has good power and cuts great . Also , no cranking just plug it in and start cutting . The automatic oiler works well too .
 excellent saw lots of power , well built , cuts wood as well as saws costing much more . five stars from me ! Mike Roy
 Every year when I need to use my chainsaw , I have to take it to a shop for `` maintenance '' which costs me $ 80.00 / service . With this plug-in electric saw , all I have to do is keep the chain oil container filled . The Poulan works as good as the gas powered saw I had , but after paying $ 80.00 for the new saw I am done paying . I whish I had realized this $ 800.00 -LRB- or 10 years -RRB- ago !
 I got this chainsaw because Consumer Reports listed it as a best buy and it did not disappoint . I have used it to take down a couple of medium sized trees in my yard and it worked great .
 Powerful , sharp and easy to use . This saw is exactly what I wanted . The instruction manual that comes with the saw even taught me a few things about how to use the saw and how to fell trees safely .
 Hi . Allow me to introduce myself . I live in a remote village located in the rural outskirts of Spain . It 's a nice little place , and me and my people have thrived there for countless generations.Lately , however , an American agent of some sort has shown up . He seems to be looking for some missing girl judging from the picture he once showed us . Now , I 'm not gon na lie , my people are aggressive . We 're not infected monsters or anything like that , we 're just aggressive . So , when the agent kept trying to break the language barrier and inform us of this missing girl , one of villagers kinda lashed out a little . I do n't think that justifies a gunshot to the head.So , the agent gave up on communicating with us and is now just killing on sight . I took refuge in my barn and thought desperately of a way to dispose of this American . A few minutes later and I had devised a genius plan . I opened my tool shed and got out my Poulan Pro 400E . Just holding it made me feel stronger ! And then , almost without thinking , I emptied out a nearby sack of flour and placed it over my head . I do n't know why I did this , but I realized how menacing I would look once I poked eye holes out of it.There I was , with my Poulan Pro 400E , ready to bust some heads . Finding the American agent was easy , all I had to do was follow the sound of gunshots . I eventually found him capping my people outside the chief 's home . I revved up my Poulan Pro 400E and began my pursuit . The second he heard this baby running he got a terrified look on his face . He quickly switched his handgun out in favor of a machine gun and pointed it my way . Ha ! Those puny bullets merely tickled my body ! It was as if I had became three times stronger just by holding my Poulan Pro 400E . The agent ran out of ammunition and switched back to his handgun . This time he took careful aim at my sack-covered face . I was amazed , the flour sack provided protection from the bullets , so much that they did n't even phase me.As I approached ever nearer , the agent turned and headed upstairs . I can only assume he ran out of ammo and began searching for the many boxes of ammunition that we villagers like to randomly place . I followed his trail up the stairs and caught him with his back turned . This was it . I lunged as fast as I could towards him , and he turned around just a moment too late . He was now on the receiving end of my Poulan Pro 400E with a look of pure pain on his face . After seconds of futile resistance , his head was sawed off with a nice clean cut . It dropped and bounced on the floor , much like how his limp body did soon afterward.That 's my story . What it all boils down to is this ; No matter the situation , a good Poulan Pro 400E can always help . It most certainly helped me !
 I received my saw today ... money well spent . I opened the box , checked the chain , filled it with oil and went to work !!! Having read all the reviews submitted made my decision - an excellent decision it was , from the selections offered . Poulan is apparently affiliated with Husqvarna and so you get two great companies giving you a great chainsaw . Ron
 Chews through trees and wood like butter!Don ' t forget to buy chain and bar oil . It is cheaper to buy it at a hardware store so that you avoid the shipping charge .
 After the heavy ice storm in Oklahoma I had a ton of tree limbs to cut , but did n't want to mess with a gas chainsaw . This one did great with all sizes of limbs , the chain kept lubed extremely well , and the recommendation to check the chain after running a short time was indeed true because it did need to be tightened a little , but that was easy ! Would buy it again !
 This saw does everything I need it to do and does it well .
 The saw I got before this one was a peice of junk . This one is as good as any gas chain -LRB- I have 3 -RRB- saw as long as you have a LONG ext. cord or a mobil AC gen.
 This is a great chainsaw . I had no problem cutting trees down . The saw has plenty of power .
 There really is nothing I dislike about this chain saw . I bought it to replace a cheap electric chain saw . If you use it for a long time it will get too hot and the thermal shutdown will stop it from running for a while . I would guess it took an hour or more to become too hot . I was cutting thick logs and that really works the motor hard .
 The key to know is that you can run it with 100 ft of electric cord -LRB- proper heavy gauge as recommended -RRB- . I checked with Sears -LRB- this is the same as a model they sell under a different name -RRB- and the wise old techy said 100 ft. not a problem.He was right.Just remember , in comparing cost to gas powered models , that 100 feet of extension cord will run $ 100 or more , if I remember correctly -LRB- shop around -RRB- . I got two 50ft cords , makes it a little easier to deal with when I 'm cutting closer to an outlet.Have used gas models in the past , and do n't notice any difference in cutting power or speed between this electric and the gas models.Been using this for a couple of years . We 're in the northeast , had many trees down from August 2011 hurricane , October 2011 ice storm , and now Sandy . This saw eats up everything , easy to use . Have also used it to take down some good sized trees . Does n't seem to need any sharpening so far . Just cuts and cuts and cuts . Very happy customer !!!
 I had quite a few tree limbs fall recently in a storm , so i decided to give this saw a try . it works much better than i hoped . it cut through those tree limbs like they were not even there !! i ` ve also used it on my neighbors fallen limbs , and she was very grateful .
 How could you pass up a deal where they deliver it to your door cheaper than you can get it at Sears or Lowes or Home Despot - all less than a mile away . Bye-Bye Brick and Mortar ...
 I 've used this saw a few times and it is a pleasure to use.It 's one of those rare cases when you are happy with your purchase and feel like you received good value for your dollar .
 I love it . I used it to cut down a 4 ' diameter palm tree that had died 2 years earlier . It has plenty of power and never jammed , even cutting the weird wooded palm tree stump .
 I live in Colorado where we get high winds several times a year and then have to deal with fallen limbs from mature maple trees in our yard . The Poulan Pro 400E has plenty of torque to cut through the hard maple wood and cuts through pine trees like butter . Good for around the yard or wherever you have 115 volts AC available . I 've been told that it 's sacrilege to own an electric chainsaw by macho men , but I can deal with that pain .
 Looks and runs like brand new , could not be more pleased . Should be thru cleaninglimbs and brush in a few days .
 Surprisingly powerful and quiet . For some reason oil will not flow to the chain bar from the reservoir . This will require removing the chain bar , emptying the oil tank and dismantling most of the right hand side of the saw to access the tubing going to the tank .
 Purchased in October in anticipation of downed trees over the winter . Hesitant on electric but based on the reviews and hassle of a gas saw decided to give it a try . Price is right ! First use worked great ! I got the saw stuck in a large tree and had to pull it out which loosened the chain . Went to tighten the chain tonight and the pin that sets the tension broke right off . Tried to register the product on the poulan website , the site is very antiquated . Not succesful . Will report back after trying CS tomorrow . I liked it overall , concerned about the quality now .
 This was my first experience in purchasing a chain saw . In the past my tree trimming was done with a hand saw . In the last strong wind storm that went through it took about one third of a nice size maple tree down . This job would have been hours with a hand saw but with this new chain saw we had this job done quickly and with ease . I should have made this purchase years ago .
 Used to prune Oak tree , took half a day . Did n't even have to adjust the chain , which I would have had to do several times if I had used my gas saw .
 I bought this chainsaw with very little expectation . I have several very powerful gas chainsaws . The attraction for this saw is its light weight , electric motor and my wife can safely handle it around the house . I decided to try it myself on some large oak blocks I planned to split for firewood . I was very pleasently surprised at the power of this saw and its ease of operation . I have been a fan of Poulan tools for many years . This chainsaw is a very good investment for the money . I recommend it highly .
 Strong and powerful . Cuts through anything in my yard with ease . Easy to work with and well balanced . Wish I had gotten rid of the gas model years ago and had this .
 I had a gasoline chain saw for many years and there was always somesort of a problem with it , I finally got tired of of all the problems and purchased this electric chain saw . It works great and I wish I would have purchased one years ago . The 4 HP is really great , I have cut some really large trees and there has never been an issue that there was not enough power to do the job , it powered through the hardest of hardwood trees .
 After years using a gasoline chain saw and having so much trouble starting it I decided to try an electric chain saw . What a pleasure . I checked out many reviews of electric chain saws on the internet and decided to buy the Poulon Pro 400E 18-inch . It was very easy to use and cut thru a large tree with no problem . I wo n't be using my gas saw anymore .
 Best saw I have ever had . All my work is around home and the gas powered saw is hard to start when hot so using it is a problem . This saw is wonderful to use .
 its an electric chain saw . this one works for me . I have long extension cords . the 18 '' bar is needed for larger sawing .
 This is an excellent product , easy to use and priced extremely reasonably . Excellent built-in safety features . If you 've never used a chain saw before -LRB- I had n't -RRB- you may be a little frightened by the rather extensive cautions given in the instruction booklet , but they amount basically to keeping a firm grip on the saw when using it . It may be worthwhile to start out for a few minutes together with someone who has used a chain saw before . You need to separately purchase chain-saw oil for using it . I would recommend using some kind of ear plug for protecting your ears against the noise , but that would apply to any chain saw .
 I bought this a year-and-a-half ago ; and it 's still going strong . Follow the directions carefully . It 's so nice to find a piece of machinery made by a company who pays attention to safety , quality , and longevity of their product . This is a great chainsaw . It 's not a toy . Be careful .
 I bought this saw based on other reviews and was a little skeptical if it would work as well as a gas saw . Bottom line ... it does . Plenty of power , no gas to mix and add , much quieter than a gas saw . I did not experience any kickback while cutting down several trees in my backyard . A few things to keep in mind . Buy a heavy duty extension cord -LRB- 12/3 -RRB- . I bought a 100 ' and 50 ' . Used them together and they worked fine . If you are doing a lot of cutting -LRB- about a cord -RRB- buy a gallon of bar oil . The saw uses it fairly quickly and if you buy a quart -LRB- like I did -RRB- you 'll soon be back at the store for a gallon . A gallon is not much more than a quart -LRB- think paint pricing -RRB- . Be sure to adjust the tension on the chain and check occassionally . The chain only fell off once and since then I check the tension more often . Let the saw fall through the wood -LRB- do not force it -RRB- and it will keep going all day . I 'm also pretty impressed at how sharp the chain has stayed . The saw does not inlcude a case and the bar cover supplied is little more than a glorified baggie . That aside the saw is a joy to use . I keep looking for things to cut down .
 I recently had a branch fall off of a tree in my yard . Rather than pay the ~ $ 200 for a one-time removal , I decided to buy a chainsaw and take care of it myself . After checking some reviews , this Poulan looked like it would fit the bill . It chewed through the branch -LRB- from 2 '' to 16 '' thick -RRB- in no time , and , being electric , was easy to start and stop during the process . As a bonus , it requires no oil-fuel mixing , so this ended up being a real treat to use .
 It was a bit of a surprise for me to find such power in an electric chainsaw . I was delighted that it took down trees that had become too large for their space -- it did it with such ease ; I looked around for more trees to fell . Then felt a bit guilty that it was such fun to use . I think it is more important to plant trees than to cut them down , so I plan on doing just that this fall . It had twice the power of a gas one that was loaned to me . I highly recommend it to others ! I wish it came with a case , though .
 Well worth it for the backyard guy . A little more power than needed which is what you want anyway . Better to be over than under-powered . Very handy for trimming branches . Have n't cut anything over 12-16 '' diameter but I do n't think this is made for logging . Good buy-good price-good seller .
 I love this chainsaw it is great for the little stuff that is to big for a hand saw and things like that I love it I use it every year to cut the bottom of the christmas tree and you would not believe what a help that is . I recommend very much
 I got this saw after an ice-storm in Tulsa caused serious damage to a dozen trees . It had no problem cutting through a 16 '' oak trunk.It 's a workhorse that performs well . It tends to drink oil , but I guess that 's good for performance and chain life.There 's a gizmo that 's a screwdriver/wrench for chain removal . I lost mine because THERE 'S NOWHERE ON THE SAW HOUSING TO STASH IT -LRB- are you listening Poulan -RRB- . Otherwise , chain adjustment and removal are pretty straightforward .
 Mowed multiple trees near my house with ease . I love the fact that when I need to set down the saw there is no engine running like in a gas powered saw . Plenty of power in this saw to cut through most trees that I would attempt as weekend warrior .
 I live in Oregon ... famous for the lumber industry and I have used gas chainsaws for a long time . I purchased the Poulan Pro 18-Inch 4 hp to replace one of my husky gas powered saws . I was impressed !! It will save you on gas -LRB- money in your pocket -RRB- , saw maintanence -LRB- time -RRB- , and cost of a gas power saw . You will still need bar oil , and I recommend a heavy duty long power cord ... at least a 12 gauge cord to maximize the power of this fantastic electric saw . Note
 I have a gas Stihl and had a gas Poulan that I discarded because it would n't start and stay running . This has as much power as my gas Poulon and is much more pleasurable to use - light , no pulling a starter cord , does n't quit running when I carry it up the ladder , etc. . Bought the Stihl after I wore out the sprocket on the gas Poulan during the 2004 Florida hurricanes and replacements had all been snatched up . I 'm keeping the Stilh in case of another hurricane but find myself grabbing the electric Poulan for any cutting around the house - and it uses my leftover bars and chains from the gas Poulan . If it had a hard case , it would be nearly ideal .
 I 've never been one for choosing an electric tool over it 's gas version . My experience with electric vs. gas generally has shown how limited the electric versions are . So I read many of the reviews for this particular model and decided to buy it . I needed something between a hand held bow saw yet did n't want to spend the money on a gas chain saw.The use would be very limited and that 's not a good thing with a gas saw . The price seemed reasonable and it had enough reviews to make it credible . Turned out to be a good decision . Something a lot more useful than a bow saw yet could easily sit on a shelf for a long time . Put it to work immediately after I received it on couple of six inch diameter limbs and worked every bit as good as a gas one . Really quite impressed and satisfied .
 This is my first chainsaw purchase and I purchased it simply to remove a TON of weeds/small branches that have covered my backyard . This made that work -LRB- still in progress -RRB- SO much easier . I even finished up cutting up some larger branches off a tree that I originally used some big scissors for . Cut through those branches like butter . Super easy to use and not very heavy . I love the feeling of cutting through so many branches with ease!Definitely use ear plugs as this device is fairly loud . The cord is also super short so you 'll need an extension cord . And this chainsaw does not come with any oil so make sure to buy some before using it.Great item and would definitely recommend for anyone doing yard work that requires large cutting shears . This makes the work tremendously easier .
 I purchased the Poulan Pro 400E chain saw to trim some trees that were damaged by the recent ice storms that occurred in the Upper South and Midwest , and have used it for several hours . This particular model was number two among electrics in the latest Consumer Reports ratings -LRB- the top rated one costs over twice as much ! -RRB- . This replaces my Craftsman gas -LRB- 2-cycle -RRB- chain saw , and if I 'd known what I know now at the time that I purchased the Craftsman , I would have realized that - for a typical homeowner with a 1/4 - to 1/2-acre lot - a corded electric such as this one offers the best combination of power , convenience and value.My thought is , if you are a homeowner and face a job that requires more power or speed than this chain saw offers , you probably need to play it safe and call in a professional tree service . That being said , I 've been able to cut limbs up to approximately 12 '' in diameter , which is fairly thick.Some differences between an electric and gas chain saws
 This Poulan Pro 18-Inch 4.0 HP Electric Chain Saw is much better then 3.0 hp gas Chain saw . I am very impressed with this Poulan Pro 18-Inch 4.0 HP Electric Chain Saw . And I highly recommend it .
 The 400E is exactly what I needed for around the house use . Powerful , easy to use and safe . After a few test runs on smaller branches , I was able to cut down and manage larger tree projects . The only down side to this the 400E is the less than clear directions . The novice chainsaw user will need to re-read the instructions a few times in order not to miss important details ... not something most of us men want to deal with in life .
 We bought this model based on the reviews for it and have been very pleased . We first used it to cut down 3 thick pussy willow trees . It did great . Since our tree guy was there to chip everything up for us we had him take the stumps down to ground level , as it would have taken us quite a while with this saw . Then we used it to cut down 5 young paulownia trees - now these are very lightweight , kind of like bamboo . We were able to cut them right down to the ground and then checker ` cut the stumps to take them down further . The chain came off twice on the paulownias , but it was probably due to our trying to use it to pry a little . .
 I have 5 acres and once or twice a year I 'm working with a chain saw , went out a few weeks ago and after about an hour gave up on starting my gas chainsaw , after reading reviews on this item I decided to give it a try , keep in mind I 'm in my late 40 's and have used chainsaws my entire adult life . This saw has planty of power maybe not quite as much as a gas saw when your really pushing it but enough to handle any job you put it up to . Time will tell if this holds up but my instinct is that it will , seems as rugged as any of the 3 or 4 saws I 've owned over the years -LRB- all Poulan -RRB- ; Have a 12 guage 100 ' extensionn cord and a generator for jobs beyond this . One piece of advice concerning electric motors is be sure you have a heavy enough guage cord for the distance , an electric motor of any type will burn up/fail if the cord is undersized for the amperage it needs .
 After reviewing the performance of electric chainsaws I purchased the best rated one which was the Poulan 400E . I live in a small town neighbor hood and my lot is only 50 ` x150 ' and I try to keep my wood processing noise to a low level . I own several -LRB- 8 -RRB- large and small gasoline chain saws , some are winners and some losers with no guts . The Proulan 400E is a cleverly designed tough guy with guts and a good lube system -LRB- my other two electric saw I have to hand oil since the automatic oiling system Nvever , Never , Never worked from the start -RRB- . For the price and quality of this electric saw , it is a winner!As for Amazon.com I wished I could have had an automatic pop up for this saw 's acessories just before check out , because I did n't see the acessories availabe until after check out . -LRB- I was just trying to save money and time . -RRB-
 I purchased this saw to replace one I hd worn out and could no longer get parts for . The particular advantage to me is I own a gas Polan Pro saw and the blades fit either one . Easy to change chains and great safety features
 This chain saw performed better than I thought it would . I used it to cut through a 12 '' mulberry tree root that was uplifting my pool lines for the ground . It cut through the root like butter ; and had great power . If this was not worth it would surely tell you my money is a terrible thing to waste.Robert CA .
 I used this chainsaw to cut down some mid-sized trees in my backyard . It worked flawlessly . This tool is perfect for the average homeowner that does n't want the maintenance of a gas-powered tool , but occasionally needs a saw with enough power to do the job . The only drawback I 've found is that oil continues to drip out of the automatic oil reservoir leaving an oil stain anywhere you 've left the tool . I called Poulan and spoke with a technical rep. They recommend draining it after each use . It only takes a couple of minutes to do , so I ca n't even say this is ` annoying ' . Its just something you 've got ta do as maintenance for a good tool . I would recommend this saw to anyone looking for the occasional-use chainsaw that requires little maintenance .
 I 've been using this saw for a year now and love it . I use it for clearing pine near my cabin , so the cord is no issue . I 've cut logs up to 12 '' and the saw has plenty of power .
 This is avery good working saw for yard and small work I have been cutting up to 4 '' limbs with no trouble . Con drips too much !!! oil when not running uses a lot of oil when running .
 I purchased this electric chain saw because I wanted something with a little more flexibility . You can start/stop easily , accidents are greatly reduced.Saw is very powerful , could n't believe it when I very first started it up . I had a couple of trees that needed to be cut down and this saw went straight to work . Once I got the trees on the ground , cutting up into smaller pieces was a piece of cake.The manual says to tension the chain after 15 minutes of use , but if you take your time with the saw and do n't push too hard , you 'll find that the chain is fine.Didn ' t need tension adjustment until about 30 minutes of use . Tension remained at the correct level.If you keep the chain sharp , the saw will do its job , a dull chain will wear out the motor and you end up applying unnecessary force.Use good oil , and oil the bar well . Lubrication of chain and bar is critical.I would recommend this to any home owner who has trees on their property .
 I was apprehensive at first . I did some light trimmimg at first . Then a 20 '' pine fell in my yard . My Son brought over 2 gas chain saws and was having a difficult time cutting the pine . My electric Poulan cut it like butter . If you are trying to deside the pros & cons ... It is worth the money !
 I was a little sceptical about buying an electric chainsaw but I did n't want the noise or fuel mixing hassles of a gas powered one . This saw has definately exceeded my expectations for how well it cuts , it 's easy to control , and does n't bog down even with a full bar length cut . The only 2 minor issues I have are it does use a lot of oil -LRB- when you stop cutting and set it down there is so much oil on the chain its dripping -RRB- , and the kickback brake feels a bit flimsy but works fine when I tested it .
 I 've had this electric chain saw for a couple of years now . It 's been perfect so far . I do n't use it a lot , but when I do it works great . I had some huge old arborvitae in my back yard . They were about 20 feet high and the diameter of the trunks were between 12 and 19 inches . The saw cut them down in short order , with my help , of course . P.S. Do n't even think about buying a gas-powered chain saw if you care about the environment at all . A gas-powered chain saw pollutes as much in an hour as 40 late-model cars . That 's a lot of pollution .
 First off , know that this electric is the Consumer Reports # 1 of the genre . Those folks know more than me , you or any other Amazon reviewer . So , take that for what it 's worth.In practice , this saw has more than enough power to take down small to medium trees . Any job that is large likely will necessitate a gas-powered saw . The automatic chain oiler works so well that you do n't notice or think about it . The chain itself will require attention , especially early on , to ensure it stays tight and does n't slip off . Manufacturer does not recommend using an extension cord longer than 100 ' . I 've read several reviews that suggest electric being much better than gas from an environmental perspective , but if you 're cutting down trees , does it really matter what kind of saw you 're using ? As long as you do n't use your saw to ignite a tire fire , I think you 'll be OK with a gas or electric.So , if your workload is only moderate and you 'd like to save a few dollars on an electric as opposed to a gas saw , this one is perfect . When I shopped -LRB- April 2009 -RRB- , Amazon had the best price on a new saw . Some used saws are available on other sites , but saving money that way is not a trade-off I 'm willing to make .
 This is my third chainsaw in four years . First I bought a 3 horsepower Remington electric 16 in chainsaw . It worked pretty well , although I tried to make it do too much and burned out the motor . Thinking I needed more power I bought a gas powered 18 in Ryobi chain saw , which does not work well at all . However with a large tree adjacent to my house dying , I needed a working chain saw . So I took a chance on this Poulan Pro , 18 in , electric . It was a great choice.In one day , I took down all the major branches of the tree , leaving a large stump . I was able to cut all of the wood in one day , yielding nearly a cord , or it will when I finish splitting the larger pieces . Some of the pieces were actually 18 in diameter or larger and the saw still handled them . Over the course of the day , I had to tension the chain once , and fill up the oil tank twice - not bad at all . Clean up was easy , about 15 minutes with a couple of paper towels and an old paint brush and it was clean enough to store.If you can can run an extension cord to where you are cutting , this saw is a very good choice . Easy to maintain and use , not as loud or smelly as a gas chain saw , and plenty of power for even larger logs .
 This has been the best money I 've spent on Amazon !! This saw is durable , and a quality alternative to a gas saw . I have used it to cut multiple trees up to 1 foot thick and it never blinked . I 've also used it to cut 17 oak/creosote railroad ties -LRB- the real ones around 8x10 inch or so -RRB- during one yard project . It NEVER struggled due to power . I was pleasantly surprised to find such a quality saw for less than $ 100 . You MUST MAINTAIN THIS LIKE A REGULAR SAW ! This means clean it , check the bar oil , and adjust the chain before you use it every time . I think I will have this saw for a long , long time.UPDATE 11/2010 - I 've used this thing continuously for TWO YEARS , and it still performs well . i Just need to find a good file to sharpen the chain and buy more chain oil then keep going . AWSOME PRODUCT POULAN !
 This is a great chainsaw . I spent some time researching the right one to get and Consumer reports was right on with this one . It works great , very powerful . I have used it to chop through 10 '' branches and nothing has even given it a hiccup yet . Cuts through trees like butter ! It 's great if you do n't need a highly portable saw . You are limited only by your extension cord .
 Having used a gas chainsaw in the past I was tired of messing with the gasoline . Am I glad that I switched ! This Poulan Pro is tough and reliable . This is not a wannabe saw . It is THE saw to use . It is reliable and unstoppable . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 After problems starting two borrowed gas chainsaws , checked out consumersearch.com for their comments . Favorable remarks on the Poulan Pro electric there led me to Amazon reviews , which were equally positive . Excellent price on Amazon -LRB- cheaper than a handyman wanted for one small job ! -RRB- . Saw worked like a charm , cut through 15 inch downed tree like butter . I 'll know more in a year or two .
 Very powerful and a solid piece of machinary . Only it needs to be cleaned often and the tension adjustment could be easier .
 I have to say that this chain saw is one great tool ! if you are anywhere where you can plug in , then this is the saw to have . I have used many saws over the years , and this one is really powerful , it out cut a 42cc in a side to side tree cutting job . Its lightweight , and powerful even with a long cord . It is loud , you can tell it has power just by the sound ! After you try it you will be equally impressed . A great tool at a great price . .
 Guys , be honest with yourselves
 I purchased Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4 HP Electric Chain Saw about 2 months ago . I have used it to cut fallen trees from the last year 's storm . Some of the trees are about 22-25 inch in diameter . The chain saw ripped through them without any problem . I am going to test it next on a 30 inch trunk that is left.Given its very low price and easy maintenance , I highly recommend it . The only limitation is the wire length , which for those who have portable generator should not be a problem .
 Just retired my gas powered Poulan and switched to the Poulan Pro 400E Electric . Good move , no compromise in power . I will gladly give up the mobility of my old gas chainsaw for the simplicity and reliability of electric . All of my cutting needs are around the house and my 100 ' 14 gauge cord works great and gets me where I need to be . Although the manual says a 100 ' cord is `` not recommended '' , it works just fine . I actually expected to have to buy a 12 guage cord to keep from getting power drain , I was please to see my old cord works great . I just cut up a large quantity of dense 10 '' diameter hardwood and it did n't tax the saw at all.A big bonus for me is not mixing gas and oil , not polluting the air and not awakening the dead -LRB- and all my neighbors -RRB- since switching to electric .
 This is my second electric chain saw . I purchased it because of the 4 hp power rating . I 'm using it hard and it 's performing great . Unlike most chain oilers -LRB- both manual and automatic -RRB- , this one actually works . I 'm very pleased and would n't hesitate to recommend this saw to my best friend . I 'm ready to sell my old gas chain saw .
 Thanks to musicreviewer I wo n't have to buy another . Mine has been broken for 2 months , taken apart in the garage . After reading his review I was able to get it going again . Thanks musicreviewer .
 I bought this to cut down a bunch of damaged 8 to 10 foot Emerald Green Arborvitae 's that did n't fare well during the heavy snow storms in the North-East this year . This chainsaw made quick work of them . I was surprised an electric chainsaw could be so powerful - I feel I definitely got a lot of bang for the buck . Be sure you have a high qualityextension cordand do n't forget the bar and chain lube -LRB- I bought Sears Craftsman brand locally for $ 3.00 -RRB- .
 Working on four downed trees in my back yard . This saw ia a BEAST ! Cuts like buttah !!!! Easily matches my old gas HusqyThe cord limits your range and the directions suggest a heavier guage extension cord than I ' v been using -LRB- at around 100 ' , but I 've seen no dropoff in performance.Price was right , arrived in a couple of days , no tax , free shipping ... no gas driving to the store!Highly reccomend !!!!!!
 Up until now , I 've avoided buying a chain saw out of fear that I may injure myself . However , my pole electric pruner just was n't cutting it for some of the larger branches that I wanted to cut . So , I decided to get an electric chain saw . Of course , I went to Amazon.com first and read saw all the excellent rating for this saw . I went to Lowes because I wanted to see what it felt like to hold it . This thing looked gigantic in the store and felt heavier than I expected in my hands . However , it was constrained by an anti-theft cable , so I could get a real feel for it . This seemed overkill . So , I looked at the 16 '' and 14 '' models . The 16 '' was just as heavy , but the 14 '' was super light . The reason for this is it 's only 1.5 hp . I almost bought it but was concerned that it would be underpowered and not much better than my pruner , and it did n't have all the cool features of the 400E . I ended up buying the 400E despite my reservations . I tried it out today . Wow ! This thing cuts through small branches and trees like butter . I 'm totally impressed . My reservations were unfounded . I now believe that the size and features make this chain saw safer and I 'm very happy that I got it .
 I have now cut through many 20 + inch Red & White Oak as well as Yellow Popular . I raced a MS460 and MS660 Stihl -LRB- $ 900 and $ 1200 saws -RRB- and I was about 3 seconds behind both cutting a 20 inch Yellow Popular log to firewood length . We -LRB- owner of his own tree service and I -RRB- did this for about an hour . I had to tighten the chain once and the motor housing got pretty hot . This saw did n't miss once and chewed through the same wood with a $ 900 and $ 1200 saw . I had two 75 foot heavy gage extension cords on it . Keep the chain sharp and I can do anything as long as I have an outlet -LRB- the generator is the next purchase -RRB- . The owner of the business kept laughing at the saw , because he said `` I could buy those all season and save money '' ! Laughing about the $ 100 he spends on the service of each of his saws each season . The money I saved on this one saw I can now buy my family -LRB- 10 kids -RRB- a nice generator . My family counts on me to feed them , keep them warm in the winter and to provide over all . I have been using chainsaws for 18 years , 3 of them as a combat engineer in the army . Read the manual and if you are going to split more than 2 cords of wood a year , then get two quarts of chain oil . This saw does go through the chain oil -LRB- if that is your worry , I like it -RRB- . If you are worried about this chainsaw , I do n't blame you . I took the risk for you -LRB- yes , was called girly names at work -RRB- and have done it all with it . If you are looking to save money and not worry about mixing gas , breaking your arm trying to start a saw ; buy this one ! Otherwise enjoy your tinkering , fixing , and repair bills on your gas saw ! I saved time and money with this one ! Good job Poulan -LRB- I never thought I would be saying that -RRB- My family of 10 is the testing grounds and we give the real world exam !
 I rate this up with my 18 '' gasoline saw . Easy to use around the house.With power enough to use on on heavy oak fire wood .
 I needed to cut down some bushes that had overgrown in my back yard . They were about 15 feet high . The saw took care of them with very little problem . I had to tighten the chain twice -LRB- as the instructions suggested -RRB- . The blades were sharp and made quick work out of the tree/bush diameter . There is a handy opaque window to see how much oil is left in the chain saw . Do n't forget to get the chain oil BEFORE you start using the chain saw !
 Received this product in 5 days , free shipping and put it right to work . In less than an hour , I cleared a path through the woods in my back yard which had been blocked by a huge 4 inch thick branch since last year . The saw works perfectly , and hardly used any oil . I kept checking the chain tension like the manual suggests , but it needed no tightening during the entire first use . It comes apart easily for cleaning and goes back together just as easily . I ca n't wait to use it again .
 After 5 years of service , a great saw . 4hp is plenty of power for the small tree or two that needs to come down on my wooded lot every year . It has handled a couple of larger jobs as well . And all the benefits of an electric -- no gas/oil mix , or wondering if the thing is going to start after a winter on the shelf .
 A real pleasure to use after using gas-oil saws for many years . For jobs in the small to medium category this saw is perfect . No need to be concerned with gas and oil mixtures , cleaning up , dripping , etc. . Have used it to cut trees up to 8 '' diameters with no problem . Recommend this electric saw , great price , easy-servicing , easy handling .
 Great machine even for household use.It seems heavy but once we put on the branch of tree , we do n't feel so heavy.It cuts even thick branches like cucumber .
 I have n't had my saw long enough to judge how long it will last but so far it works like a dream.It is well built and easy to use .
 Read the reviews on Amazon and added to My Wish List . Ran across it on sale at Farm & Fleet about 4 months later -LRB- $ 79 + tax -RRB- and bought it . Have a large yard with lots of mature trees . Perfect for my purposes . Plenty of power and no need to mess with gas . This has been a huge time saver .
 I purchased this for my husband from Amazon well over 1 year ago . It has had fairly heavy use , including cutting down over 20 large trees on our property.The trees were about 14 '' in diameter and 35 ' to 40 ' tall . All were cut into firewood also . Of course he uses it for many smaller jobs around the yard.There has been no problems whatsoever with the saw . It is much better in ouropinion than the gas chain saw we used to use .
 My husband said this is the best gift I have ever given him . It did a terrific job of cleaning up 3 huge bushes that fell in a recent snow storm . One more to go . So much easier than using the gasoline stuff . Electric is terrific . Did n't need any more power .
 Purchased this saw to clean up the mess we had after the Halloween snow storm . We had trees and big branches down all over the yard . The saw is a powerhouse . I used the saw for about 5 hours . Making sure the chain was oiled and tightened properly as I cut . Cut thru 8 inch branches . I set the saw down for a 15 minuet break and when I came back it was dead . I checked the power supply and made sure the chain brake was off . That was on a Sunday . I contacted amazon on Monday and they sent out a new saw that day . I had the next day . That 's some service ! They even paid the freight to return the defective saw . The new saw works as well as the first . I just hope it lasts . For an electric saw it ca n't be beat .
 good chain saw works as described have no problems price was rightno other words but I have to write 20 so I will just make up things to say .
 We had a bad winter storm in our area and many trees came down , including my large elm tree in my yard . I purchased this Poulan electric chain saw to cut up this large tree in my yard . It cut good size limbs and logs fairly easily with no problems or malfunctions . Great saw at a great price !
 Got this chainsaw as a -LRB- requested -RRB- gift from wife . Reviewed others and decided on this one from previous reviews.Didn ' t want the hassle of gas powered . No earplugs needed . I own a portable generator so using anywhere on property was n't an issue . I was very happy with the ease it will cut down any size tree I have on site.Mostly aspens . Have n't come across a tree that gave this saw any trouble . Easy to read bar oil reservoir . Seems stout enough to take dropping it . For small site tree and brush removal this is an excellent chainsaw .
 Fantastic saw . Cuts through everything so far - some red oaks over 12 '' diameter . Easy to use and NO MAINTENANCE except for adding oil . Oil level window makes it very easy to monitor . I went to WalMart and bought a gallon of 30W Bar and Chain oil for $ 7.87 . Picked up a great tip from an earlier review -- buy two extension cords -- one short -LRB- 20 ' -RRB- and place that segment closest to the saw . The longer -LRB- 50-100ft -RRB- segment from the short cord to the plug . That way , if you accidentally cut the cord , you have n't ruined a 100 ' extension . Be sure to wear work gloves , eye protection and hearing protection . Also , as other reviews have mentioned , be sure the chain brake is pulled towards you otherwise the saw will not work .
 I purchased this saw to eliminate the gas/oil mixture . It 's only used in the yard so I did n't need the portability . A recent snow storm brought branches down and the day after I received the saw our power went out . The saw worked well when the power was back , the auto oiler is great and it cut through 6 '' logs with ease . Other than having to keep track of the cord , it cuts as well as a gas saw . Cleaned up a lot of branches creating two piles of firewood in a couple of hours . Great buy and keep the oil full!Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4 HP Electric Chain Saw
 I have come to rely on Amazon for many reasons , one of which is theirReviews of products . This product more than lives up to its highrating . We have a big sycamore , damaged heavily with the recent freaksnowstorm in the NorthEast . I ordeded this saw based on reviews andhave not been disappointed . We had a lot of clearing to do and thissaw did the job easily . The only thing to remember is , do n't force it , do n't try to hurry it , let it do its work . And keep the oil lube resevoirfrom going dry , which is easy given that you can see the resevoir itself.And the electric aspect ? I prefer electric to gas for ease of use , simplicity , no mixing of anything ... Just plug in your heavy dutyelectric cord and go to work .
 Provided you 've got cable to reach , this does the job . I 've used it for a year ; not heavily , but for general yard work and I 've cut up two medium trees to the 12 '' thickness level , where it starts to struggle a bit . I have n't found it leaks too much oil , more than any other inexpensive chainsaw , and it does goes through it , but not excessively . Good purchase ; recommended .
 Finding an electric chainsaw was easy , but I needed it in 2 days to take advantage of a warm fall weekend ; only Amazon could ship that fast , and at a better price than any other vendor.I selected this model based on Consumer Reports ratings ; it is good ; very good ; but after a few hours of work , heavy work , it became unusable due to a design flaw
 Excellent , great power and easy to use . It cut around a 32 inch tree stump in a few minutes with no problems , highly recommend this chainsaw .
 Very powerful and easy to handle . Cost was well worth it . Very well built , with great features . Delivery was in a few days .
 Bought and in 2 weeks needed it , a tree fell . Worked great and stayed sharp . Did not have to adjust chain . Glad I bought it , trashed the old gas saw that was too hard to crank . Highly recommed it .
 I was very pleased with the operation of this chain saw.It quickly cuts through thick tree limbs . So far it has done the cutting jobs that I come up with on my property . Amazon delivered fast and post paid .
 I used it to cut 3 trees over 30 feet tall , and then cut the trunk in smaller pieces . It 's very powerful .
 This saw is excellent . The automatic oiler is especially convenient . I have cut trees up to 12 '' in diameter with ease . This saw has met my every expextation for a home user .
 This electric chain saw has worked great for me . It 's the only chain saw I 've ever owned , so I have nothing to compare it to , but its cuts cleanly , feels balanced , and has good safety features . I 'm fully satisfied .
 This saw is perfect for my needs ... 18 '' blade with hefty motor for electric saw . I use it for cutting up downed limbs from old silver maple trees , and it works perfectly . The price was very good and the saw has worked great !
 I really like this saw , even if I do drag a lot of cord . It take some time to learn how to tension the chain correctly and I find I have to adjust it fairly often . Still , I 'm happy and still have my fingers and toes .
 Works well but limited in range to a 75 foot heavy duty power cord . I use a 100 foot cord with caution .
 1 . Shipment was fast , and arrived in excellent condition .2 . Saw was easy to ready for use -LRB- Poulan oil at hardware store $ 1.69 -RRB- 3 . Cut medium limbs and small logs with no effort .4 . Easy clean up of unit , but must drain oil for storage or will leak .5 . On the negative side , supplied with a CHEAP soft plastic blade protector -LRB- my pocket pen protector is a heavier grade of plastic ! -RRB-
 Count me in as another satisfied user of this chainsaw . I was leery about the power of an electric chainsaw but I was tired of the hard starting of a gas chainsaw . I could n't tell the difference in power between this chainsaw and a gas chainsaw and it starts with a flip of a switch . You could n't ask for a better product .
 i was VERY dubious of an electric ... but now i am a believer . this saw has been awesome . i have cut over a cord of black oak . . not a hitch gone wrong . . the chain still is sharp . not sure why but my gas saws i 'd have to sharpen the chain by now.the side says made by husquvarna ... and a husky electric goes for over 200 , so this poulon is a deal ... but amazon pricing is like watching abouncing ball fluctuating between 85 and 99 ... i got mine for 85 ... and if it ever gets there again i 'll buy a backup ... it is that good.i felled a 100 ' bull pine and it ws like butter . i felled three black oaks , with a diameter of about 30 inches each ... not a problem . i even took my little honda 200watt gen on the tractor and used it to power this saw just to see how it would go ... granted it was too little wattage on the generator and the saw only got to about 3/4 's of its ability , but i bucked up some oak and pine with little issue . a 3000 watt gen would have been better.i am really tough on my reviews and giving a 5 star is like me giving gold medals to a deserving person ... a rare event .
 Bought this late 2008 ... used it about 4 times . Nothing heavy ... yard work with no more than an hour of total use . Took it out today to cut a fallen branch , plugged it in , pulled the trigger ... silence . Absolutely nothing . Checked the extention cord ... moved to another outlet , etc. , so-forth and so-on . Another exception to the rave reviews I guess ... but it is over a year and a half old ... so Poulan probably wo n't want to hear my story . A waste of $ 80 + tax in the long run.UPDATE 8/3/2010
 Poulan is one of my least favorite brands , after buying a Poulan lawn tractor that is hard to maintain and with service centers distant and impractical . However , I figured how could Poulan screw up a simple electric saw , so I took a chance.That said , I found it to be a simple and lightweight tool that has worked well for cutting up an old corral fence and for trimming branches.I 'm no longer cutting down trees for firewood and my old Homelite gas saw was worn out and clogged up , so I wanted to try an electric chain saw just for trimming.There is no parts / schematic manual . If something goes wrong , the cost of repair and shipping probably exceeds the value , so buy this with the idea of using it until it quits and then throwing it away , unfortunately.As someone else warned , if you take it apart be careful . Mine stopped working so I opened it up.It 's fairly simple ; the pump that puts oil on the chain is a cute tiny plastic piston that gets pushed as it touches a plastic disc that turns with the chain sprocket and thus bumps the piston apparently squirting a tiny bit of oil with each revolution of the sprocket . Simple steady oiling.When the back lash safety bar gets tripped , the bar not only turns off the power ; it releases a powerful spring that securely tightens a metal band around the chain sprocket , quickly stopping the chain . I now realize that mine had been tripped , though I do n't remember any real backlash . I tried playing with the spring to re-set it , but the spring is surprisingly powerful and would be near impossible to replace if I removed it . So I mostly reassembled the saw and pushed the back stop bar all the way forward and the spring popped back into standby position and released the drive sprocket . It had not looked like that would work but it did . There is just enough allowable motion for the spring lever to snap back and forth . I put the rest of the saw back together and it worked fine.When using it with two 50 ' extension cords , one of them burned out . It was an older cord so no loss . Unless you have a really heavy extension cord , 100 ' seems about the maxim usable distance from an outlet.For light use it seems fine . For me the big benefit is that it has no carburetor to clog up while stored .
 I got this a little while ago . It worked well enough for me , -LRB- cut up some wood to fit into my wood stove -RRB- but this thing was pretty LOUD . I only had one major concern . This thing goes through the bar oil really quickly . I would check it often . But the price was nice and it did the job . Just good enough for 4 stars .
 Have to agree with the rest of the reviews here . Arrived in a few days , no gas mixing/storage , no starting problems and cut through 10 '' pressure treated timbers like butter!Obviously wo n't cut firewood out in the woods , but anything within a couple hundred feet of an outlet ... and your set ! Just bought a really nice 100 ' 12 ga. cord -LRB- at Costco -RRB- for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . Enjoy your freedom from fossil fuel ! Robert
 I ALREADY HAD A POULAN 16 '' ELECTRIC CHAINSAW AND IT HELPED ME CLEAR MY YARD OF 12 DOWNED TREES AFTER KATRINA . HAD TO SHARPEN THE CHAIN QUITE A FEW TIMES AS THESE WERE LARGE TREES . i AM 73 AND AM ABLE TO USE THIS 18 '' POULAN WITH EASE . IT HAS A LOT OF POWER AND A SMOOTH CUT . I RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY . I SURE HOPE I DO N'T HAVE TO USE IT THIS HURRICANE SEASON . I LIVE ON THE COAST OF MOBILE COUNTY ALABAMA . Y' ALL PRAY FOR US .
 This was a gift to my diver son . He loved it . The directions for the sheath attachment would 've been nice but we figured it out . Great knife .
 Have n't put it to a `` wet test '' yet but the knife seems solid & well built.No instructions on how to use the belt loops on the scabbard but not a real big deal.Got it cheaper here at Amazon than anywhere I looked online .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 At local electrical supply warehouses these older breakers are VERY expensive . I bought this to replace one of a 2 pole breaker for my dryer . It worked great . The breaker can be switched to use either pole in your panel . Less than half the price as local prices.If I owned the house and did n't find this here I would replace the whole panel including all breakers for a few dollars more than just ONE of these breakers .
 Received it very quickly . Very easy to install and looks great . I installed it in the kitchen under the cabinets . I liked it so much that I have puchased another set to install for a friend .
 This is a very nice light set . Everything you need is included in the kit , transformer , light pucks with bulbs , mounting screws , 12v supply splitters -LRB- the little black cubes in the picture -RRB- and wire clips . In my installation I routed the wires in the space between the cabinet and the ceiling . This allowed me to extend one of the 12v power supply outputs -LRB- there are two -RRB- to reach across the cabinet , which is about 20 feet wide . The provided interconnect would limit the lights to being no further than about 3 1/2 feet from the transformer . I used a dimmer to control the 120v input to the transformer since the supplied 20w bulbs can be very bright inside a china cabinet . Illumination is good and I have not noticed any problem with heat . With Amazon 's price , this is a terrific value . In fact I bought a second set just for the spare parts and replacement bulbs .
 My husband bought to install under a cabinet . He liked the idea of buying the kit in one easy step .
 This is a very nice light set , especially for the price . Everything you need is included -- even wire clips . Installation is easy and straight-forward , though it does require some basic handyman skills
 I purchased this for my complete kitchen remodel . The lighting in the kitchen is poor and I wanted to be able to see while I cooked . I needed white lights that would match my cabinets , and also be hardwired . It was surprisingly difficult to find . These lights were the best price that fit those criteria . I am extremely happy with them so far . I have n't had any issues with them running hot , but I also turn the lights off when they 're not in use , so maybe that is a factor . The light is a bright , clean white .
 I used these to light a bar area that I have in my kitchen . They work GREAT ! The bulbs get hot so make sure to give them some room underneath . The light is very clean and they add a lot to the look of the room . The hardware took at little bit of figuring out but if I could do it , anyone can . If you 're looking for some filler lights I highly recommend these . For the price , how can you go wrong ?
 I wanted a multitool specifically for hiking and camping out of a backpack . I spent quite a while shopping for one that had the few things I need without a whole bunch of things that I do n't need . My requirements are very minimalist . I need :1 . A pair of pliers . Early last summer my buddy had a zipper blowout on his backpack . It required both his and my pliers to get the teeth lined back up so he could close the zipper . A pair of pliers is a must . One minor issue with these . When I 'm squeezing down on the pliers , there 's the tiniest bit of flex in the tool that I 'm a little concerned about . I worry that one day when I 'm really bearing down on something with the pliers , it 's gon na break .2 . A pair of scissors . For opening freeze-dried meals , mostly . But also if I need to cut bandages . For certain tasks a knife does n't work as well as a pair of scissors . I like the scissors on this . I like the feel on the thumb . The blades are a nice size .3 . A good sharp knife that 's not too big and not too small . For a large knife I 'll carry a separate large knife . This one is a little larger than a paring knife . It locks open so I know it 's not going to fold when I 'm using it.Aside from those three things , I do n't really need much else . Here 's some thoughts on the other gadgets : A can opener is okay to have , but not really necessary . When I hike into the back country of Yellowstone I 'm not lugging cans of food , I 'm carrying lighter dehydrated or freeze dried food . I suppose I could picture going on a day hike and stuffing a can of chili into my pack , in which case a can opener would be useful.I 'm trying to think if any of the camping or hiking gear I have has screws of any kind . The screwdrivers are pretty small and take up little space , so it 's not bothersome to have them there.This tool does NOT have
 I really like multi-tools , and I own quite a few . I have yet to find a better multi-tool than the Leatherman Juice S2 . For the amount of features it has it remains incredibly light weight . I spent quite some time searching for a new `` best '' multi-tool . After deciding the essential tools for me -LRB- pliers , blade , basic screwdriver and phillips driver -RRB- I realized that the solution was already in my possession , the simple and light weight Juice S2 . It has been my essentials kit blade of choice ever since . I have one in a bug out bag -LRB- orange -RRB- and one that I carry in my essentials kit whenever I 'm hiking , camping , or backpacking -LRB- a forest green one that I think would be pretty hard to find -RRB- . I love this multi-tool , and it comes in handy all the time and I always have it with me when I need it because it is so small and light weight . Excellent design and quality by Leatherman .
 This has been a great tool , i 've owned own for 5 years or so -LRB- had to replace once due to loss -RRB- , but just bought one for dad . they slip into your pocket nicely without hurting or catching your leg 's flesh . that is a good feature . the only down side at all is that you have to open the bottle opener -LRB- which can also be used to open cans of food ! -RRB- before getting into the scissors . the pliers are great and can be abused without bad effect . the little screw drivers are awsome as well , i use them all regularly it seems .
 If you have n't owned a Leatherman knife , this is a great starter . It is compact -LRB- I carry mine in my coin pocket -RRB- and has just the right tools to be handy for daily use . I use mine at least once a day for something -LRB- yesterday , it was to remove a dud round from my AR-15 chamber -RRB- . The knife will be super sharp when you get it and will stay that way for a long time . I am actually on my third Juice S2 -LRB- lost the other 2 because I 'm an idiot -RRB- . I have used plenty of Swiss Army 's and I was never very impressed , but have owned three different kinds of Leatherman knives and have n't been disappointed once . For its unbelievable price , it is a must have . Later , you will probably want a full sized multi-tool like the Wave , which is three times as handy for less than twice the price .
 I love multi-tools , and as a result of my addiction to them , I have purchased ... quite a few . The juice S2 is the best one I have found so far for a portable tool that is easy to carry on an every day basis . If you wear jeans , you can pretty much carry a ninja sword if you want . No problem . If you dress business casual at work , then it 's a little more difficult to carry a large multi-tool , and it seems a little awkward to wear a belt holster . The Juice is the perfect size and weight to carry in a pair of `` dockers '' type pants . For me , the S2 has the right assortment of tools for every day `` what if '' needs.My only complaint ? They coulda given it a little more manly name . The Juice ... really ? Oh well . For such a great tool with bullet proof Leatherman quality ... I can live with the name . Buy one . Highly recommended .
 This is one of the smallest and lightest Leatherman brand tools , which is its best selling point - I find most other multitools too unwieldy to carry constantly , but this one folds up and stays entirely out of my way at the bottom of a pants pocket until I need it . I 've had mine for about five years now , and I do n't think it 's been out of my pocket for more than a day or two during that entire time . I carry it everywhere.By the same token , it does have a fairly limited tool set , but it covers the basics . The scissors actually work , unlike most pocket knife scissors . The knife blade is short , but I actually find that a plus , because I 've worked at several places with intolerant policies on `` weapons '' and still been in compliance . The pliers work very nicely , you can get a really good amount of force on them for a tool this size . Can/bottle opener does what it 's supposed to . The screwdriver bits take care of most quick tasks , and you can use them with the body folded open to make it a bit more like a regular long screwdriver , but you 'll still need a dedicated tool to get at screws in tight spots.Cosmetically , the color finish does scuff off over time - my orange one would look a lot better at this point if it was simply brushed metal like the `` senior '' Leatherman models - and nasty cruft accumulates in its crevices . * Practical * build quality , however , is outstanding . Mine has n't suffered a bit for mileage and some distinctly rough handling - nothing 's loose , nothing 's bent , nothing sticks or fails to lock into place . Solid as a -LRB- very light -RRB- brick.Bottom line
 `` Handy '' is the word that comes to mind when I contemplate this little wonder . It is small enough to carry in your pocket all day , but versatile and comfortable enough to handle tasks for which I would typically have used `` real '' tools . It contains the perfect combination of tools -- with this in my pocket , I can handle 95 % of the tasks that present themselves . It has a nice feel in the hand . I bought three of them for myself so I can be sure of having one for years to come .
 This `` LEATERMAN JUICE S2 '' multitool has really surpassed my expectations . I was amazed at the creftmanship and the weight came in lighter than what I expected . Very cool to see how many tools are crammed into this sweet little package . Very small when in your pocket . Great EDC multitool and highly recommend !
 This is a fantastic tool . Comes with many different sizes of flat screw drivers , a philips , knife , pliers , etc. . I would n't be without it for my daily job as a computer tech .
 I had a piece of maple wood that was in really bad condition -- holes , stains , etc. . After preparing the surface , the best I 'd hoped for was `` something not hideous '' that could serve as my workstation desktop in a room that had a lot of cherry finishes -LRB- that 's why I used cherry stain over maple wood -RRB- . The stain was easy to work with -LRB- typical heavy chemical odor , though -RRB- , and thick enough that I did n't have to worry too much about it running off my work area . I manipulated the density to disguise some of the wood 's imperfections . My work was pretty sloppy because I had minimal expectations . The surface came out beautiful . I 'm thrilled with the richness of the color and the ease of use . Now that it 's dry -LRB- typical half-day drying time , depending on the application thickness -RRB- , a little fine steel wool rubdown was all that was needed for a smooth surface .
 When I was considering purchasing one of these I could n't find whether or not it had a set screw installed . Having gotten one , I now know that it does have a set screw . So in case anybody else is wondering ... now you know .
 I got this pulley for my project ... I attached with timing belt and motors together . It works perfectly . I got all the parts from same seller . They all coming in same package , it helps me alot . I had all the parts I need .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 This hole saw is worth every penny and then some.I drilled 6 holes from 3/4 '' thick bars of 6061 aluminum with this hole saw -LRB- 3/4 '' thick metal ! -RRB- and the teeth are still perfectly sharp.The first time this drilling caused so much torque because of inadequate lubrication that it snapped my arbor , and had to buy a better arbor . The hole saw was stuck in the overheated aluminum workpiece , which I had to quench in water to remove the holesaw . The hole saw was fine . I used plenty of lubrication at 250rpm for the next 5 parts . I then put a bunch of holes in plywood . For another project.After all of this , all the paint -LRB- powder coat -RRB- is gone from the business end half of the hole saw , leaving shiny steel , and all of the teeth are _ very _ sharp , ready for more abuse . I am impressed.Note : A 2 5/8 '' hole saw cuts a hole that will fit a beer or soda perfectly -LRB- except Coors , which is about 4.5 percent slimmer -RRB- . Makes for and excellent can insulator if you stack enough wood .
 For you guys that use air , this is as good as it gets ! I 've been doing this for more than thirty years , and this is the best nailer on the market . Period . Almost no jams , nails bury perfectly , almost no breakage . My company uses them exclusively now .
 I have owned my Max roofer for 3 years now . The thing is bullet proof . I have dropped it off of roofs , picked it back up and it keeps on working . It once landed on its nose and even fired a nail when it landed and it worked perfectly when I picked it up . The siding nose is great . I have done 3 houses with it now and it is a big time saver . It does get a little heavy , but not uncomfortable . I own a total of 4 Max guns and would recommend any of them .
 After roofing for 15 years and going through countless nailers this is by far the tuffest , longest lasting gun on the market.Other guns Ive owned :1 . Makita -LRB- good for a year than worthless -RRB- 2 . Bostitch -LRB- good for maybe two ... then worthless -RRB- 3 . Hitachi -LRB- same -RRB- 4 . Paslode -LRB- just worthless -RRB- Ive used :1 . Senco2.Porter Cable3.Duo-fast ... All worthless.Though the above guns would probably be good enough for the homeowner doing his own roof , I wouldnt recommend them for the daily wear and abuse the professional puts on them.Makita and Hitachi are apealing with thier lightwieght design but fail to be consistent with driving flush nails -LRB- without cranking the air compressor up to 145 psi -RRB- after about a year of use , even with new o-rings and drivers . Even after four years of service with Max I rarely have to hit a high nail . Although this nailer can handle thousands of squares and drops off the roof without losing its driving power some of the parts tend to wear easily , mostly in the feeder area.This is a minor issue . I judge these guns on how often I have to bust out my hammer and how often I have to clear jams . Max wins on both counts .
 excellent for punching holes in thick stacks . But it is much bigger than a regular office two hole punch .
 We bought this for our civil litigation law firm where two hole punched paper is essential . This thing really works as advertised - it will punch through a hundred sheets of paper without a problem , and do so cleanly . The replacement punch blades are not particularly cheap , and the little plastic wheels also require service . Yet the fact that both of these components can be serviced and replaced with ease is a plus since it renders the device a legitimate long term investment.If you are operating a law firm , you need to buy this . Plain and simple . Your staff will love you ... for a while , at least .
 We are upgrading from a much cheaper and older product . With this , it is easier to go through 50 pages than 20 with the old one . Compact and attractive.We purchased direct from Amazon rather than one of the Amazon-listed resellers who seemed a bit suspicious.Update : The product seems as good as new after 18 months of use several times a week . The picture on the listing is correct now .
 My office went from a standard 2 hole punch to this one and let me say this , going from punch 1000 's of sheets taking a long time to 1000 's of sheets taking a matter of minutes and saving the arm strength this product with wonderful . we are very happy that we purchased this item and would recommend it to anyone who 2 hole punches a large amount of paper on a daily basis .
 I must say , they cost a wee bit more than a 30 page hole punch but well worth it . In my job , I punch holes constantly in the several hundred to several thousand page count at a time . This machine really speeds things up and is durable . Do n't be a cheap skate . Save yourself some time and go ahead and get it . It will knock a job that takes hours normally down to about 30-45 minutes at most .
 I often have to punch holes through hundreds , and sometimes , thousands of pages of paper at a time . This thing does the job perfectly every time . It is built like a tank and made to last . Even after years of use , it is holding up extremely well . I would n't hesitate to buy this again .
 The tank is state of the art - very nice/good . It however has a very noisy flush but it is thorough .
 After slipping and sliding in my bathroom floor I realized my wall-mounted toilet had a crack in it . I needed help fast . I got online and went directly to websites that sold this hard-to-find and very expensive type of toilet . Not only could I not find one within my price range but I could n't find one with the right measurements to fit into the bolts in my wall - then I thought to myself `` I 've heard Amazon sells everything '' and sure enough they had the exact toilet I needed at less than half the price I expected to spend . I got the tank and the toilet bowl within days . They both work great -LRB- much better than the one that cracked -RRB- and were easy to install . Thank you Amazon !
 I have n't used the striper yet , but it appears to be built solid and is much sturdier than other stripers I have been forced to use in the past . I am certain it will work great based on observation alone .
 Any direction we want air we have it . Fits in whole , directs air . Nothing else really to say . Would and probably will , buy again .
 These vents are a great concept in allowing air to be directed where needed . The product is plastic -LRB- color = woodgrain ? lol -RRB- , but seems functional . I do n't think it could take much abuse without breaking . This is acceptable for where we are using them and being able to direct the airflow is great .
 I replaced all of the flood lights in my kitchen and basement with these , and I 'm very pleased with the light color and the brightness . They are brighter than the 65 watt incandescent I replaced them with , and the color is very natural . It does not feel fluorescent at all.As other reviewers have said , they can take some time to warm up , but I only notice it for about 15-30 seconds . I am willing to pay that price for the excellent color and brightness these provide .
 i read other reviews after buying it and was therefore prepared to dislike this bulb . but instead , one of the things other viewers found annoying -- the warmup to full strength -- was delightful to me , especially turning on the light upon waking . nice to have it build gradually to full strenght . note that this is not the main light in the kitchen , just the one over the sink , in a corner .
 Slow to light up about a minute great lighting for floods I hope I can save a lot of $ $ $ $ $
 CFL 's save a lot of $ $ $ and the world ... so of course 5 stars ! There is a warm up period when turning on these bulbs , but this is n't much of a concern with the positives .
 This is a great product when it is delivered intact . My order was in pieces on delivery
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Very sturdy at an excellent price . Completes my impact set very nicely . I would highly recommend to the do it yourselfers
 Good extensions for my home garage . I 'm not a professional by any means , but they are great for what I do !
 High Quaility , exactly what I expected . I am not a progessional mechanic , but I have used these a few times and have not had any problems with the extensions .
 Works well for the way I use it on my Shopsmith . Expect it to be better when I get other parts for my Shopsmith .
 I received the chuck in less time than they said it would take . I have only used it once so far and a work fine . I seem to be well made and I think it will do what I had hoped it would do .
 Love these glasses bought multiple pair do n't scratch very easy like other glasses great for indoors or out doors will buy more
 Comfortable and you do n't have to remove when you walk indoors . They fit well enough the cord that comes with is not really neccesary
 Everybody in the officating world knows that a Fox 40 whistle is the ONLY one to buy . So for you fellow officials out there -LRB- and coaches -RRB- you can skip this one . For the rest of you
 Very nice very nice very nice very nice very nice very nice very nice people i like everything from this people
 We use these whistles for our leaders in our church ministries . Raising voices and yelling to get kids/teens attention is n't something we want to do . A whistle is a good way to get kids attention , start and stop games , etc. . The best whistles we 've used , easy to sanitize each week , loud and no ball in the middle to get messed up .
 As a Physical Education teacher and coach , this product is a must . It was nice to find them at an affordable price on Amazon . Thanks for a great deal !
 Middle school teachers need something to overcome the noiselevel of a room full of excited middle schoolers . This one quiets them all .
 We had some built-in bookcases installed and the old plastic outlet covers looked awful . Got these from Amazon and they changed to whole appearance of the built-ins . A good investment and aesthetically pleasing .
 We bought these wall plates as I needed something I could trim the bottom of to fit in a tight space . There is a metal backing plate , but it only extends a little paste the outlet wholes so I had no problem trimming the bottom .
 The TX3 .0 would make a great utility light , but I would n't recommend it for tactical situations . This light throws out 51 lumens , which would be suffecient for most applications , but it 's not enough light for conflict situations , CQB , or subject control . I would highly suggest 80 + lumens for those type of situations . Other than that , the TX3 .0 is a great flashlight for daily use , camping , home , etc. . It is of good build quality and is very comfortable . Gerber does n't list the weather capabilities of the light , but just to let you know , it can withstand rain with no problems . The O-ring seems to seal off the light very well so I do n't see rain as being a problem.This is a great ligh-duty flashlight for a decent price .
 This 3 Watt LED flashlight is excellent.It uses 3 AA batteries.It provides the whitest light I have seen from any LED flashlight.It is comfortable to hold .
 This is a great flashlight . The appearance is pleasing and it exudes a quality of craftsmanship that enhances ownership . The `` Tactical '' model has a nice momentary push-button feature at the butt of the handle -LRB- in addition to the rotating handle switch to sustain turn-on and off -RRB- . The beam is hearty and has been more than suitable for most situations . Also , the hefty cost is worth paying to own this . Enjoy .
 The Gerber TX-3 .0 is visibily less than half as bright as my 200 lumen Fenix TK-11 , however the Gerber has a very different light pattern than the typical Cree-based LED lights and reflectors . The more common lights have a sharply cut off central hotspot and a much darker larger lit area . The Gerber has a more diffuse central hotspot that makes it easier/less critial to aim ; it 's easier to get the broader bright spot on target quickly . The off axis lit area is also brighter than other lights . The more diffuse hotspot and more gradual darker area makes it easier and more intuitive to use . In some ways it 's more useful since the light is spread out more evenly.Given the different , more diffuse light pattern , it 's somewhat apples and oranges to compare this to the more typical tactical-style LED light . They 're different . The lens and reflector are a standard design , but different from the ones typically used with Cree , etc. . The more diffuse beam pattern is a deliberate choice that in some ways works better than the more common bright central hotspot with sharp cutoff.The Gerber is well-built milled Aluminum with a very even matte black finish . The nice packaging design has no rough or sharp edges . It has milled flats on the head , tail and body to stop rolling and provide grip references . It 's a bit heavy for its size , and it 's a bit overbuilt , but that should mean it 's very durable . At 8 inches , it 's about 60 % longer than a typical 2 CR123A cell tactical light . It 's heavier than the Fenix TK11 and much heavier than the Aluminum Surefire 6P or Z2.The tailswitch can be clicked fully on or momentarily on . The LED has a single mode
 After using a double battery 2AA battery mag Light for years I decided to up grade and was immediately impressed by the difference . Sure the Gerber has one extra battery and is a little longer , but not that much . It still fits in my travel bag and that 's all that matters . Good solid , rugged construction and an incredibly bright light . Only complaints are no place to attach a lanyard , no rubber protective cap and the lack of colored lenses like the ones you can purchase extra for the Mag Light . But the difference in the brightness more than makes up for these minor shortcommings .
 Simply put this a terrific light ! It 's a 3AA cell handheld light that is very `` tacti-cool . '' The TX3 is not a fancy tac-light nor a swiss army light . It 's sturdy purpose built , no frills light that does one thing and one thing well.What I like : It 's a 100 % aluminum shell that feels very sturd and I 'm confident could survive even the worst punishment by even operator class users . It has a hexigon style light head and tail cap that will NOT roll when layed down . Great for keeping you light steady if your doing solo under the hood work in low or no light . It 's certainly weather proof and I 'd feel confident in saying water proof assuming you do n't plan on doing under sea salvage with it . The rear mount rubber switch is simple and effective . I 'm still on my first set of batteries and they seem to be doing well , but then I 've only owned it a few months so we 'll see and I 'll update.What I do n't like : The Price ... As I said this is n't a fancy tactial light with lithium batteries nor some other exotic light . It 's basically an all aluminum flashlight . And it 's nearly twice the cost of it 's tried and true compeditor the LED mini-mag . Why ? I really have n't a clue . Light output ... It is n't really any brighter than the mini-mag from what I can tell . Now that 's still a good ammount of light but I was hoping for more . When camping season gets here I 'll try it on one of my late night hikes and compare them . I 'll update then . Also there is a narrower beam version called the TX4 .0 that is supposed to be higher output , but I have n't purchased one to test . There are n't any other modes on this light . Mini-mag gives you several to choose from , some useful , some not but at least there 's the option . No beam adjustment ... The last one does n't actually bother me but it might other potential owners . Weight ... Let 's face it it has more batteries than the competition and that 's just gon na add weight.In conclusion I say this . It 's a great light ! But not `` twice the price great . '' If you need a light for maitenance or home DIY the anti-roll feature is truely innovative and if that 's a sticking point with you and other lights then this might be your solution . If your just looking for a good camp light or one to stick in your car or home emergency kits ... get a mini-mag . If your an operator you probably know there 's much better gear out there -LRB- and at a premium price -RRB- , but the durability might interest you . And if you 're looking for a defensive flashlight , this is n't it . Look at your primary usage and make you decision from that .
 Great very dependable bright flashlight . I 'd give it 5 stars but it 's on the long side for a tactical flashlight . It does not fit in the palm of your hand . Other than that , no complaints .
 My wife and I like to go on loooooong hikes , and keeping a flashlight with you just in case is smart . The size and output of the Gerber TX3 .0 Tactical LED flashlight is perfect for us .
 I have always wanted a Dremel tool , so this seemed like a good kit to start out with . The 55 Accessories does not mean 55 different kinds , there are as much as 5 as some of the accessories , so there 's only a choice of about 12 to use.I got this for two specific tasks that I could not do with any other tools , and the included accessories were enough to get them done.Task 1
 I used to have a cordless dremel mini mite , and I use my corded power drill with a variety of attachments for all kinds of large and small tasks , but this week I bought a Dremel 300 with some cutting blades and the power saw attachment . I tried them all out working with my son on his Pinewood Derby car . I love this tool . The power control and variable speeds are far more useful than `` hi - lo '' and provide a range of control that makes it a pleasure to perform different tasks with a range of attachments . The tool itself is easy to hold , light and does not transmit vibration back to the hand . It is the right scale for work I have forced onto drills and power screwdriverrs with mixed results . This is really one great little gadget.I do have one quibble ; the plug is weak . I deliberately chose a corded model , and I am glad I did , but that means extension cords -LRB- do n't use a cheap indoor house extension cord , use a a construction rated cord ! -RRB- . I had to try several extension cords before I got one with a snug fit on the Dremel plug , that did not come loose .
 This tools comes in handy more often than you think . If you are handy around the house , you 'll often find yourself with a situation where you need to cut , sand , or grind something in an awkward position . That 's where this tool comes in . It 's worth every penny.I recommend using the tool in small bursts because the Dremel will get very warm . If it stays warm for too long , there 's a risk of damaging the brushes inside the motor . Let it cool off regularly.I also recommend wearing hearing protection when operating the Dremel at high speeds . Too often we use tools and we forget about our ears.Great product and Amazon sells it lower than Sears , Home Depot , Lowes , everyone else .
 This is my first Dremel . I went with this one after reading some of the poor reviews on the wireless models about lack of power , poor torque , short battery life , etc. . None of these problems are issues with this model . OK , so you have the cord , but I have n't found that to be a big problem for the sorts of applications I do.I 've used it around the house for everything from cutting metal , sanding wood , to grinding my dog 's nails . So it is capable at both the high end and also the low end delicate work . Multi-speed function works great .
 I have two 45 lb . Huskies . I saw the commercials for the Peticure and the Pedipaws , and thought they were a great idea . After looking into them , however , I realized they would n't quite work for my girls . The cordless versions would n't have enough power to do both dogs before running out of power , and other reviews I 'd read said that both of these were made of less than quality materials.So , I looked around on the ` net for a Dremel branded tool . Dremel also makes a set specifically made for pet manicures , but again , it 's cordless , so it would n't get through both dogs before having to be charged.I found this set , and it 's been perfect . I introduced it to them slowly , using lots of treats , and they hardly wriggle at all now . It works beautifully , and I highly recommend it for anyone who has more than one medium size or better dog .
 This comes with exactly as advertised . the carrying case comes with space for a lot of accessories . this Dremel is great for all kinds of projects . the only thing i did not like it that it did not come with one bit i needed . but this is not a big deal as it was only 2.37 at Walmart . One warning to everyone , buy a pair of safety glasses . the bits/discs can explode when they break and you do n't want any little pieces of them flying into your eyes .
 This product is perfect speed for all my needs : -- At the office to sand down patient toenails . -- At home to drill , sand , cut stuff.I love the increased number of speeds . I still have an original Dremel that works ; at that time one had to go to Radio Shack to purchase a solenoid to control the speeds for different jobs . My father , a physician , got quoted $ 800 for that back in the 1970 's . This is an A + + + product .
 There are better comments are out there than I am just adding to .1 . A product that does all it implies and more .2 . Fantastic finishing tool .3 . Pays for itself in a month if you have lots of projects .4 . Fantastic TOOL recovery tool !
 So far I love this product . It works great with my customizing hobby and is quiet . So far so good .
 I HAD A SINGLE SPEED DREMEL AND USED IT FOR YEARS , I WANTED TO UPGRADE TO THE BEST AND THIS IS IT ! MANY-MANY SPEEDS ! GREAT PRICE ! THE CARRY CASE IS A POOR DESIGN , STRONG BUT NOT WORTH ANYTHING , I BOUGHT THE DREMEL CARRY CASE WITH CLEAR WINDOWS AND NOW IM A HAPPY CAMPER !
 The Dremel 300-N/55 300 Series is a tool that can also be used on its lowest setting and using the lighter sander for foot care . It works great for smoothing away dead skin and leaving your feet feeling smooth and soft . I got the idea from a local podiatrist .
 Description of product was helpful before ordering , since this was a gift . Product arrived ontime and was exactly what we thought it would be .
 The dremel 300 is a good kit to start using a dremel tool . A dremel rotarty tool is an amazing tool .
 YO COMPRE ESTE PRODUCTO Y LO RECOMIENDO AMPLIAMENTE POR SU VERSATILIDAD ES MUY UTIL PARA LOS TRABAJOS DEL HOGAR , PLOMERIA , PINTURA ETC ETC
 I purchased this dremel to widen my iphone dock so that it would fit the iphone 3GS . I know what you 're thinking - just get a new dock . I am tired of being raped by apple so I saw this on YouTube and figured `` Why not give it a shot '' . The dremel was able to shave the dock easily and with minimal effort . I was surprised how precise this instrument is . Once the grinded areas was sanded you could hardly tell there was any work done at all . For about ten dollars more than the dock cost , I now have a really cool tool with many practical uses . Get the corded one above and not the cordless as the power difference is huge and who needs to mess with the batteries .
 I have destroyed a lot of stuff with the unexpected power of this tool . It is good , but any tool is only as good as its handler .
 It was a good price for a much needed tool . Shipping & delivery were very fast . The tool performed as I hoped it would . I recommed it highly .
 I decided to go with a real dremel instead of the pedi-paws due to the reviews I 've been seeing about the poor performance of the pedi-paws . I have a larger breed dog and the variable speed makes this an excellent alternative to the weak pedi-paws or the rough clippers . Like all Dremels , this one works great for numerous applications . I 've used it to file down some steel fittings and had little trouble .
 I have n't used it a great deal , but so far everything the manufacturer said seems to be true . Easy to use , lots of accessories . I 'm primarily using it for making models , and it 's turning out to be quite valuable . I do n't see the point in getting the more expensive models , this one works just fine for me .
 We purchased this item specifically to trim pet claws . Well , my 85 pound German Shepherd is a big baby when it comes to nail clippings , and she did not mind the Dremel at all ! Plus , now my husband has a new tool for his garage . = -RRB-
 I 've used this Dremel product several years for grinding pet nails , Dalmatians and Standard Poodles . It is dependable , reliable , sturdy , and easy to maintain in top shape . Your dog will get used to it quickly . This grinder allows you to do very precise work to keep your dog 's nails looking great .
 I had a small , cheap imitation of this tool and I could stop it with my fingers , ie ; no power . This Dremel has power to spare . I plan to order more attachments and wheels , etc. to add to my tool . Great tool for the money .
 I am so pleased with the Dremel tool , I 've wanted one for quite a while , but now that I 've got it , I wonder why I waited . I 've used it for several tasks and it is exactly what I needed . My sister is also using it to make her jewelry . Might even have to get another one just for her .
 This tool does it all want your husband happy get him one . My son has one this one was for my husband he loves it does everything with it . thanks amazon
 Faced with 18 kitchen cabinets fitted with hardware from 1974 which had cemented into place over the last 35 years I was in desperate need of a small cutting tool . After a longer than usual wait on my Amazon purchase I made short work of cabinet knobs and found about a dozen other projects for my super new Dremel , including buffing out some small scratches on the car . I chose this version for power and speed control and am very satisfied . The accessories are everything you need to get started . I was rather unimpressed with the owner 's manual , however . A more detailed section dedicated to matching accessories with the job would be very helpful . All in all great purchase , but my order came via Target and took FOREVER . So order early .
 At the time , I found this set to be the best value Dremel package The people at Dremel are very friendly & helpful to talk to as well . Great product that does everything I want it to and I look forward to my next projects with it !
 Amazing tool ! Extremely versatile and easy to use . I use it for hobby work and it is great.The only caution is to read the manual for cautions on speed selection , it will save you heartache .
 great product - am using for my dog 's nails to keep them smooth so he wo n't scratch my newly finished wood floor
 It is Ok for cutting the dog 's claws.Kinda slow and painful but faster might hurt the dog .
 I bought this to replace my worn out Dremel . Wish you could purchase just the tool as I have all the other goodies .
 I have always wanted to get one . Finally did . Primary purpose is to trim my dogs nails . Works great , much better then nail clippers . Just a little bit off the nail every 3 or 4 days . The dog has finally stopped fighting me when I work on his paws . I could n't be happier .
 I already owned Dremel tools since long time . This one is as good as all . If you are a home owner you must have one of this .
 This item was purchased for our second home as we could n't live without it in our primary residence . It can do things no other tool can do .
 The lamp is very nice and it is just like my Pittsburgh Steeler lamp I purchased a few years ago .
 I use this device with my come-along to stretch fence wire . I have n't found anything else as simple and reliable.It would be nice if the jaw teeth were a little bit sharper to bite into the run strands on anti-walk-down fencing . This wire is harder than standard barbed wire and tends to slip in the Wire Grip 's jaw .
 The name of this product , Maasdam Pow ' R Pull 8050 Wire Grip , is self explanatory . However , I was impressed with how solidly this tool is built . My guess is that it will handle forces well beyond its ton and a half specifications . Amazon 's pricing was the best I could find anywhere .
 This is really a great tool for tensioning -LRB- stretching -RRB- barbless fencing wire when used in conjuntion with a good sturdy come-a-long when fencing in horse or livestock pastures . It would work equally well for barbed wire , but that requires tougher gloves , clothes , and eye and face protection.Once you insert the wire in between the jaws and hold it in place until you get a little bit of tension with a come-a-long it will never come loose while you apply a lot more tension as needed until the wire almost sings . Then it 's a simple matter of stapling the wire to your corner or in-line heavy duty wooden fence post -LRB- RR tie -RRB- and releasing the come-a-long release lever.I used it for fencing a little over 7 acres with a perimeter of about 3200 ft. I used 10 plus rolls of 1/4 mile rolls of barbless fencing to get ` er done.Thats about 2 1/2 miles of wire and the Maasdam Pow ' r Pull 8050 got a grip and kept a grip .
 Worked perfectly when installing a chain linked fence . . Great price too !!!! I would recommend it to anyone that needs this type of help when installing wire .
 Besides the prompt delivery the tool is well made and indeed saves a lot of time and effort . I am well pleased with my purchase as I expected from a smart product .
 hAVE SOLD THESE WIRE GRIPPERS IN MY STORE SINCE 1975 . DO N'T KNOW WHY SOME OF MY WHOLESALER CA N'T PUT THEM IN THEIR INVENTORY .
 I found this on our Texas property about a year and a half ago and I had no idea what it was and how it was used . The one I have seems old but in great shape it was made in Burbank Ca . pat no 2-607-085 stamped inside are HE 7959 on the body and 7960 on the lever .
 The fence arrived in a very ouickly and in good condition . The manual that was shipped with the fence did not reflect the updated version received . The method of attachment of the rail to the angle iron frame was changed from screwing the bolts into tapped holes in the rail through the angle iron frame to sliding the bolt heads into an extruded channel in the rail and letting the bolts drop through the holes in the angle iron frame using nuts to hold them securely . The bolts provided were 1/2 '' long and were to short . I had to obtain 1 '' bolts to mount the rail to the frame . Since I 'm used to this manner if construction , it was no problem . When installed the fence worked great . I wished that I would have purchased it 15 years ago .
 Great fence , one of the truest fences I have used . I would highly recommend this fence for your table saw .
 Good stuff , as it 's supposed to be . It 's exactly what it is , no less , no more , should n't be any worse , but ca n't really be any better either .
 It was just what I needed . It was not easy to find it , but now it works OK
 I was looking on line , and at the apple store for a replacement cord for my G5 Power mac with that strange power cord . It cost 35.00 some places , so after looking at a few electronic catalog i found the right connection and got it for less then half the price and HEAVY GAGE .
 I bought this for a Apple PowerMac G5 I had bought on eBay . Plugged it in and worked , no complaints .
 The proud members of the international community of Gas Mask collectors -LRB- or Gassies , as we call ourselves -RRB- are pleased to see that Amazon is now selling the Belgian gas mask.Quite simply , this is the best gas mask in the world , easily outstripping both the military and civilian Israeli versions in terms of quality and design - although , to be fair , their children 's mask remains the best option for young people and dwarves.Despite the funky colour scheme , the East German gas mask ca n't filter a gnat 's fart and the pathetic , eco-friendly British version - made from Welsh string-vests and previously-owned toilet paper - pales by comparison.Sadly , Belgium is too often dismissed as the world 's worst colonial power and an unlovely home to an obscene number of serial killers . Now it is time to celebrate her achievements - the vierendeel truss , nauseating fruit-flavoured beers , an imaginary , moustachioed amateur detective with an eating disorder and the finest gas mask known to man.If you still believe Belgium to be an irrelevant , non-country peopled by bickering dullards , please keep you ill-informed opinions to yourself - otherwise Jean-Claude Van Damme might come round and kick your head off .
 Run/chase ppl in this thing , and you 're gon na start breathing heavy , and when you breathe heavily , and the intake vents , which are situated under the lenses ... SHOOTS jets of air into your eyes , blinding you and give them a window of opportunity for retribution saoifdhodshfiahoshfo xDSeriously though other than that , this thing is great , do n't expect it to protect against anything though
 looks fun and humiliating on boy slaves ! easy to manage and it looks strange and appealing to me somehow .
 This Item I bought for halloween and it was cool looking and OK comfortable it was a very entertain ing buy .
 These do what they are meant to do . These help in high drift situations where your snow blower might usually just cut under a large drift . These help knock down the drift above the blower . Extremely easy to install , four carriage type bolts with nuts and lock washers . the only thing I would have preferred is if they were just nylock nuts instead of having a lock washer with it .
 Rate 4 given because I have not been able to use them so far this year.Like the weight and mounting.Anyone that lives with big snow falls .
 this is a great product . thanks for the operturnity to do business with you . will look forward to the next time .
 This makes the MTD pro look more professional and balances out the design . I am the first on my block to have these installed . Let it snow 3 ft or more ... I am ready . When you store the snowblower , the drift cutters should be protected . Just take some plastic pop bottles and cut off the openings and fit them over the end of the cutters.The shipping from amazon.com was very impressive . Good tracking information .
 I purchased this kit for my Troy Bilt snow blower . I checked the Troy Bilt website and their set had the same exact item number -LRB- 390-679 -RRB- but Amazon 's price was almost half of what Troy Bilt charges . The cutters bolted in with no problem .
 Item came as described brand new condition . Cuts down drift edge so snow stays off engine . I could have bought angle iron and stove bolts and nuts for a lot less . I paid more to have powder coated cutting blades . Even if I paid more now . I feel in the long run it will pay off by not having to replace rusting out angle iron every few years . And no sharp edges to worry about .
 I got these hoping that they would fit the Craftsman blower head I bought for a convertion to my 4 wheeler . Happily these are pretty much universal in fit . They have three square holes for mounting to allow them to fit most any blower , big or small . As good a quality as you 'll find . I 'd recomend these to anyone .
 This is a great attachment for your snow blower . When going through snow higher than your auger height or cutting back a high drift , these bars break the snow so it will feed into the auger . Before the kit was installed , I have had times when the snow fell onto the motor and stalled it out . The price of the kit is good and installation was very easy -LRB- 10 mins . at the most -RRB- . All parts fit the blower perfectly .
 A few dollars less on Amazon for the same item . Cut through the deep snow like is should . good value .
 The cutter blades do an excellent job on snow drifts that are higher than the height of the snow blower , plus you ca n't beat the price . Sears charges over $ 70 with shipping .
 After years of using a shop vac for dust collection in my small woodworking shop , I decided too spring for a dust collection system . I settled on a Delta AP 400 which has proved to be adequate , though just barely . I intended to plumb the collector system by buying the bits and pieces individually and improvising as much as possible to keep the cost down . However , I stumbled onto the Delta AP050 accessory kit on sale at Lowes . It seemed to have everything I would need in one box , so convenience won out over economy . The kit comes with four blast gates and twenty feet of hose as well as all the couplings , clamps and hardware to install the system . The only thing I will need to purchase are four inch to two inch adapters to match my router table and jointer . Accually , the price is not too unreasonable considering the number of blast gates , tee and elbow fittings , and clamps included . All in all , the kit is complete , of good quality , and not too expensive . Based on what I 've seen so far , it 's a good option for a small or medium shop . Now for the one beef I have that cost it a fifth star , there are no instructions , suggestions , or tips on how to set up a dust collection system . Admittedly , this is a minor complaint since there are many books and magazine articles on the subject .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 THIS TOOL WORKS EXCEEDINGLY WELL . IT IS WELL MADE AND FUNCTIONED WELL RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX .
 This Delta machine is solid , with a base that is big and heavy . For that reason alone , I believe it likely works better than most others.Operation is an on/off button , an arm lever , a depth stop , an adjustable edge fence , and a workpiece up stop . The fence works fine , with two handles for locking the fence . Those handles are almost the only plastic on the machine , and could be one item for improvement . But the fence works great and is solid.The depth stop works fine , but could be improved with a more machined mechanism . Though it works fine , it seems to stop with a little bit of play , but a play that is consistent such that the average depth over a series of adjacent cuts is uniform and entirely proper.I find that the workpiece up stop is the weakest element , wigling a bit , but not really affecting the function . I also find that the up stop is not so vital , in that the drill bit/chisel is able to be raised from a cut without pulling on the piece . I have been using cherry though -LRB- I built an entire cherry bed having four posts with many mortises -RRB- , and harder oak may be different . I doubt it would be so different , and other machines could have a better up stop , but fail in more important ways , like being generally lighter and having less smooth operation.The operation is smooth , just push a right-handed arm lever down to the set depth , then pull the lever back up above the workpiece , move the workpiece a bit to the side and repeat through the full length of the mortise , then flip the workpiece , and do the last pass to clear the other side of the mortise.The cut is superb on the corners , where precision may matter most . The line of adjacent cuts is precise and uniform too.The lever mechanism is aided with a hydrolic , so it helps the bit move up , out from a full depth of cut . The arm action is smooth and nice . This reason alone is why I like this machine.I have n't had problems with jamming in the bit , except on first cuts to begin the mortise , when no open cut exists to build from . On those first cuts , just lower slowly and fully , and pull up , turn the machine off , then clear the chisel with a knife . Then the rest is no fuss . The clearing issue for a first cut mabye takes 30 seconds to a minute . First cuts are the only thing , and the issue is minor if you consider the time saved from doing the mortises without a mortiser.I find that the chisel apparatus squeaks too much , from the internal spinning of the bit housed by the square chisel . But that is not a function problem , the noise is not bad at all , and maybe if I experiment with lubricants , that will go away - I 'm almost sure.I would rate this an 8 out of 10 , and I bet almost all competitors in the price range would get lower.Good luck .
 I purchased a Delta 14-650 a few years back . At that time I only had a garage shop so I did n't have much opportunity to use the mortiser , and it spent a lot of time sitting on a shelf . A couple of years later I built a new home with an attached shop . I built a roll around stand for the mortiser and began to use it . I noticed that the heavy handle would not remain in place and kept falling down , missing my head by a few inches on a couple of occasions . I took the stabilizer -LRB- little shock absorber -RRB- off and tested it . Sure enough it had failed . I could easily extend and compact the shock arm with ease . Since this part keeps the handle and therefore the hollow chisel from slamming down on your work it is a very important piece of the machine . I can still use the mortiser but I have to make sure to constantly keep my right hand on the handle which makes it difficult to work with the material being mortised . I am currently looking for a replacement part but so far have had no luck . I suppose some authorized service station exists out there that carries a replacement for this part but I have n't found one yet . Other than this inconvienience I think the Delta mortiser is a pretty darn good device . It appears that the Stabilizer has a short shelf life in that it tends to deteriorate over time whether its used or not . It worked good fresh out of the box but did n't stand the test of time -LRB- a couple of years -RRB- There was no mention of preventative maintenance required for the mortiser in the Delta user manual .
 You can pay much more or much less for a mortiser than this one . But after using for a few months , I have come to the conclusion that Delta has hit upon the right compromise between features , quality , and price.The hold-down clamp could be easier to use . There could be a more precise way to translate the workpiece . Heck , there could be lots more features - but at a higher price.Delta has done a great job of making those inevitable compromises . This mortiser meets my needs beautifully . If you are a serious but not full-time craftsman , I think you will find it meets your needs beautifully too.The handle is long and sturdy for easier use . The 4 included chisels all work very well . The machined cast iron base is large enough to be useful and stable . The motor is quiet and powerful . The ergonomics are all satisfactory . And most importantly , the quality of the work this machine performs is excellent . My mortises have very clean edges , even in the hardest of wood species.Based on my overall positive experience , I recommend this machine for the serious but budget-minded woodworker .
 I needed to make about 50 mortises to I decided it was time for a dedicated bench-top mortiser . This delta unit had everything I was looking for . Fit and finish were good , assembly was easy , and the thing works well . The included chisels are average in quality . I honed them before use , so I ca n't say how well they work before sharpening . The cast iron fence holds things in place well , and the included riser is very useful , even if it is a bit annoying to install -LRB- you have to lift the heavy motor assembly and get a couple screws threaded in before you can stop lifting -RRB- . Overall , this machine is rugged and straight forward
 I had no shipping issues with Amazon . The machine was undamaged and in perfect shape when I received it.The two most popular machines seem to be the Jet and the Delta , so I decided to do a little comparison.What I like/don ' t like about the Delta : - The Delta is 50 + pounds and fairly heavy . When I unpacked it , I could not wait to cut something . I cut several mortises before I even mounted the machine . It is heavy enough to do this if you are careful , but would still recommend mounting it to a bench . The mortises I cut were all of very good quality . - The motor is powerful and quite . No issues here . - The worktable is cast iron and relatively large with a cast iron fence that gives good support . The hold down is also cast iron . No junk in this machine . - The drill chuck has an access door that swings open to give you access . Although nice , I found it a little difficult to get some of the bits tightened . As a result , I had a few miscues on my first couple of mortises . After that , I made sure I got it good and tight . I thought the chisels were of fine quality , especially for unseen mortises . I really see no need to invest in higher quality chisels , as most it not all of my mortises are unseen . - It comes with a free post height extension , which I like . However , when I installed it , I decided to take it back off because when installed , the rack and pinion adjustment of the fence will no longer function . It is kind of a pain to install and uninstall and I was hoping I could leave it on all the time . Seems to me that Delta could have easily made an extension that would not disable the fence adjustment.All in all , I am very happy with the machine and am glad I chose it over the Jet . Really my only complaint is the inability to use the rack and pinion function of the fence when the extension is installed . Other than that , I would say Delta is pretty much `` spot on '' .
 I received this through Amazon without any of the shipping problems detailed in other reviews . This was setup and working in less than 30 minutes . The chisels I received with my mortiser seem of decent quality but no doubt I 'll upgrade those in the future . Despite other users ' reviews , I have not had any problems with the stock hold down . I 've noticed that if I push it all the way down and then pull up on the very front lip of the hold down , it comes up to a perfect height so that it still rests on the stock but I 'm still able to move it around under the hold down . I 've only had the chisel grab the stock and not let go once and that was because I did n't use the hold down -LRB- oops -RRB- . Great mortiser , cuts clean and easily . I do like the fact that the Delta mortiser is virtually all cast iron whereas similar products -LRB- Jet , Shop Fox -RRB- use the least amount of cast iron they can to get by .
 I just cut my first mortises , using some scrap white oak and cypress , and was impressed . With vertually no set up these mostises were perfect . Better then I 've ever made by hand and much quicker . The factory adjustments were right-on , all I did was clean it and bolt on the handle.I paid $ 200 -LRB- $ 225 - $ 25 promotion and free shipping -RRB- . I ordered it Monday evening and received it via Fed EX . on Thursday.And yes I read the other reviews , negative and positive , and believe me I made the right choice . Do n't wait , buy it now . You wo n't be sorry .
 I just completed the mortise layout on a project for my church . I counted 32 mortises and decided it was time to by this . No shipping issues here . The package came undamaged . Assembly was easy , but oily . Once complete this thing mortises like mad . What took me a half hour each on mortises took about 2 minutes . It does not do too bad on through-mortises , either , as long as you provide a sacrificial shim underneath .
 i read all the reviews , including the horror stories about broken parts and bad packing , but i ordered the 14-561 anyway.i have always had good results with amazon . i placed my order onmay 31 . tracking said i would receive items -LRB- i had other items inthis order -RRB- on june 7 . well they all arived on june 8 . only 8 days total . not bad ! i really did not know what to expect because of all i had read . my delta 14-651 mortiser was in perfect condition.the box had one tear on a corner about 2in . long , no big deal.i set it up in about 20 min . and made my first mortise in some oak . THIS MACHINE WORKS GREAT ! bits and chisles VERY sharp . machine has plenty of power . take your time and enjoy .
 Well I 'm finally writing a review ... At age 68Ordered the above item when Amazon ran that $ 144.99 sale with free shipping.Didn ' t cross my fingers that I receive the prefect machine . If some thing is not to your liking do n't be a cry baby , Just ship it back.My machine came wrapped to perfection . Only a small dent in cardboard box . -LSB- Sloppy handlers If it ai n't theirs , They do n't care about yours -RSB- Inside was more secure packing then we put into packing Christmas gifts to ship out . Now that is stated.I must say I got a gift for that price , Worth very penny even in the $ 200.00 range . Machine cleaned up with 1 rag -LSB- Had a few Handy and some M.E.K. Grease cleaner , Did n't need them -RSB- Was prepared for a mess that did n't happen.Checked machine with my glasses on and a magnifier . . Low and behold NO CRACKS Even the paint was perfect . Found a ruff edge on surface plate . Two seconds to file edge.Read instructions once and put away in my tool file . My 14 yr . old grandson said he could put it together with out help from me.So I said go ahead smart Alic and made a bet for a new baseball cap if he could . Well 35 minutes later it was working perfect , With out looking at set up instructions . I 'm now out and extra $ 25 . Cost jump to $ 170 . HA So if there are guys out there who have trouble setting this up ... RENT A TEENAGER ... Only reason for 4 stars . The chisels they ship with it are junk . They would do better to give a $ 25 . coupon to buy a better set from them . -LSB- Which they make called the professional series -RSB- Remember junk is junk no matter who makes it.I have looked and looked at others at hundreds more in cost.This is top shelve at a fantastic price .
 I counted the number of arrival scans-load and unload , and it totaled six from West Coast to the East Coast where I live . I was afraid of damage , whereas I have encountered that before with UPS when shipping heavier items . The gamble paid off , the box went through the storm , with the flaps loose , and the corners buggered by the time it arrived , but the contents were perfect . I measured the foam it is wrapped in , and the outer surfaces are 7/8 '' to 1 3/4 '' thick , and the internal foam is as much as 3 '' thick . The corners of the foam were separated in the box , but everything was intact and unscathed . So go for it , a lot more people are getting good ones than are damaged . Why do you think they call is UPS ? It stands for Unbelievably Pulverized Shipments . : - -RRB- Now about the Hollow Chisel Mortiser . Set up is very easy , the directions are clear , and more importantly the mortiser is one beautiful piece of equipment , especially considering the price . Cast iron base and column . It comes with brass adjusters to set the tightness of the motor in its vertical movement . Too tight , it 's tough to move , too loose , and it can wobble offline . Set it right and it travels perfectly without any play.First step is to wipe the cosmolene off of the bare cast iron , nicely ground surfaces using kerosene . -LRB- A solvent made from oil . As per the manual , do n't use lacquer thinner unless you want rust . -RRB- Then wax . Next step I broke out a Bosch Digital Protractor , which measures angles in tenths of a degree . -LRB- Equal to 3600 dots in a circle . -RRB- With the fence tightened for action , it measured 89.9 degrees on both sides . For all intents and purposes , that 's perfect . After finishing the assembly , I installed one of the included bits , and aligned it using a square piece of wood . As per the instructions , using the back of the square flat plane on the chisel , you align it then tightened the chisel with an Allen wrench . Then I set the depth rod stop to the desired depth , and made a series of plunges . The hold down clamp kept the work from lifting , and it created a very even mortise with a clean beautiful line . The edge had absolutely no chop.The nice thing about the fence , is that it is adjusted front to back with a single knob , that is attached to it with a set of teeth along a bar , that mates up to the gear attached to the large handle . By having the movement occur from an attachment in the center , their is no off axis in the movement . Once you move it to the proper alignment for your mortise , it has two locking arms one on each side to lock it into position.This mortiser is one beautiful piece of equipment . It is the best mortiser out there in this price range . I was making mortises with a router using an upward spiral bit . Although it creates perfect mortises , it requires a lot of set up time . This Hollow Chisel Mortiser does a great job , is quick to set up , and looks great in the shop.Overall highly recommended . Triple AAA plus 5 stars .
 At $ 200 -LRB- $ 250 minus $ 50 Amazon credit -RRB- this tool is quite affordable for what it is . The chisels are better than most I 've seen and on par with the ones from Jet . They are reasonably stiff , but you do have to be careful about them bending in slightly towards the center of the mortise , especially in harder woods like maple . Assembly and setup is easy , although my did come with a small section broken out of the base like others have said . I did n't bother to return it , however , as it did n't affect the function of the unit . The fence is not as nice as some other brands because it does n't move squarely with the bit , so you have to be careful when you change it . Also there is not provision to clamp or hold your work up against the fence like the Steel City unit has . Even with the adjustable guides on column the gas shock seems under powered . The tool holder on the back is pretty much worthless ; I took mine back off almost immediately . I have not tried the riser block , but I wonder why they did n't just build the extra capacity into the tool rather than having this add on . Overall I 'd buy this tool again if I needed one and think most serious hobbyist users will find it to be a good enough tool . Professionals might wish to step up to the floor mounted units .
 After reading the reviews , most of which seemed to be shipping damage horror stories , I decided to risk it and order this online . Amazon 's free shipping , etc. . In 6 days it arrived , with minor exterior packaging damage . Inside , every piece of styrofoam packaging 1 '' thick or less was severely broken . However , not a scratch or dent on the mortiser . In about an hour I was cutting mortises in oak and pine , all as expected . Aside from the marginal packaging , the instructions were simple and quick . The only detail not adequately addressed , adjusting the brass guide . The guide locked the head down and presumably helps in shipping . I 'll be throwing away my drill press mounted mortising attachment , as there is no comparison in setup and ease of use . At 75 lbs , it is very stable .
 Received my Delta 14-651 Mortiser on Saturday , 4-17 ... ordered it on 4-11-09 . Not to bad for free delivery . Box was missing a banding strap and had a couple of perforation to the box . But the machine inside was fine . After reading the instructions , -LRB- which i usually don , t do -RRB- I had it put togeter in about 1/2 hr . I took other peoples advice n took the time to bolt it to my work bench . It is firmly attached and had no trouble mortising a 2 inch stock ... cut from both side to elimnate tear-out . A inch on each side , I must say , it took more leverage than i thought , but worked fine.I did take the time to sharpen the 3/8 '' mortiser before use . Got a cone sharpener from Rockler . It came with a handle for the cones , but after awhile , I chucked it in the drill . Finished the outside of the mortise with a 800 grit wet stone . Took care on the milling marks , but not quite the mirror finish that a 5000 grit stone does . But , your not gon na see the inside of the mortise.I pleased the way the Delta cut the holes , beat a hand chisel in my estimation . Got 20 more holes to do in this project alone . Having a sore thumb , I used a quick clamp to hold the work tight to the fence , the Delta hold down worked for retracting the drill n mortise chisel ... with a lil tug . Glad I sharpened them up.I can see where I might be using the extension ... was wondering ; if after its installed , can I just leave it on all the time . Not sure , as im kinda new at doing mortise with a machine.Being used on my bench table , I , ll have to wrestle it to a storage spot , try making a table on wheels for it . Just a thought.So , im glad I bought the Delta Mortiser , seems up to the job . Free shipping helped too . Shipping and use of the mortiser has been a smooth deal so far ...
 After reading the numerous reviews about customers ' shipping woes , I was initially hesistant to order this product , even though I had read countless raves about how good it is -- both from trade journals and users . I finally ordered and crossed my fingers that it would arrive okay . Well , I need n't have worried.This is a great product and , for me at least , it arrived in flawless condition . Listen to the raves -- and save the complaints for the shipping carrier -- because it 's well worth the money . My only complaint now is that I hemmed and hawed for two weeks and did n't order right away . I should 've been enjoying this sooner !
 After seeing a demo and using this tool , I decided to buy one for myself . From my brief exposure I can say that this is a well-designed mortiser with an excellent table & fence system that produces great results when used properly . There are better mortisers on the market if you are doing high volume production work and want to spend 3 or 4 times the price , but if you are a home woodworker , you will not be disappointed in this machine.I am not sure how to rate it . I give the tool 5 stars as long as you buy it in a retail store and not online . I give it 1 star if purchased from Amazon . I bought it from Amazon because it was a little cheaper than buying it locally and I have had great luck with buying tools from Amazon in the past . When I got it , the cast iron column was split into two pieces . This tool is packaged in a very flimsy cardboard box with no banding -LRB- it will obviously be dropped by most UPS facilities -RRB- , it has very flimsy styrofoam packaging , and the thin & brittle cast iron parts of the column and connections between the motor and brace are wedged together in the box . I opted for a refund from Amazon rather than a replacement because I can not see how a heavy cast iron tool that is packaged this poorly would ever arrive undamaged when shipped by UPS Ground .
 I would recommend the Delta 14-651 mortiser and would buy it again . I was able to complete the setup and adjustments fairly quickly and with a little practice could cut good mortises even in red and white oak with the starter chisels provided . The owners manual is not very instructive and glosses over some important adjustments . You will have to figure out your own methods to attach the hydraulic cylinder and to loosen the sliding of the head against the column . My mortiser arrived with the head adjusted so tightly that , even with no cutting involved , it took all my strength just to lower it on the column . You will need your own 6mm allen wrench and will have to experiment as the manual is vague on this point.My main problem was with delivery . I opted for Amazon 's free delivery and the product arrived on a Friday as promised . But the box delivered by UPS was badly beat-up and marked with caution tape . It had a suspicious metallic rattle . On opening , I found that the box had been dropped from height at some point and that the 1/4 inch cast metal of the mortiser head on the left side was fatally cracked through , leaving a loose gib piece to bang around inside the box . I contacted Amazon for a damage-based return and was routed to a hard-to-understand , fast-talking overseas operator . During a very long phone call , I agreed to accept a replacement unit only if I could receive free 2-day shipping . The broken unit was picked up by UPS on Monday and the replacement unit delivered as promised by FedEx on Tuesday . The replacement unit was in an obviously newer box with a much less violent history . I would warn Amazon buyers to be wary of delivery problems .
 I received my bench mortising machine in excellent condition . The box had suffered a beating but all was ok . Within an hour I had the tool assembled and ready for use . I had never used one before but was quite pleased with its ease of use . I was able to make exact mortises in no time at all . I had a project underway that required alot of mortises in maple from 2 '' to 4 '' thick . I had made mortises by hand and with a router but wanted to try a mortiser , and with the low cost I made the order . Glad I did , setup is much faster than the router . I consider this to be a time saving tool and well made .
 Hello , After reading many reviews and researching mortising machines , I selected the Delta . I like the solid cast iron table . I ca n't comment on the chisels as I ca n't compare the Delta included chisels to others on the market . They worked fine.Tip - follow instructions and set the machine up carefully . When cutting mortises , cut the ends first . Do n't make the mistake I did and tried to cut `` over lapping '' mortises thinking I could take little bites . This caused the chisel to wander . You need to take full bites leaving little bridges between cuts that you clean up last .
 Delta is one of my favorite brands and The 14-651 is certianly no exception to that . It was easy to put together from the box and pretty much squared it 's self . It sank into the wood and completed the job in no time . Things to remember
 I have had this unit for 3 years . Comes with all the bits necessary to do any home project . I used it to make an oak baby bed and furniture . The unit is very heavy . I have used it in white oak and walnut . No problems with cutting into the product due to the very sharp bits .
 The delta mortising machine is easy to use and a great time saver .
 Purchase driven by review in 2005 issue of WorkBench magazine . Planning to build Craftsman style furniture and will need to cut lots of mortise and tenon joints . Looking forward to using this tool . I have other Delta tools and have been satisfied with their performance .
 I too was one of the lucky ones that received this mortising machine `` undamaged '' . Have n't had a chance to use it yet , but it appears to be a very high quality machine . Heavy duty -LRB- and I mean heavy , weighs almost 80 lbs . -RRB- Mostly cast iron and solid steel . It probably took me longer than most to assemble it -LRB- 2 hours -RRB- because I spent a great deal of time cleaning it up during assembly and removing all the cosmoline that Delta had put on it . The only real complaint I have with Delta is that it seems they make a great product , but then they short on the packaging . It was a miracle that my mortiser survived the shipment at all . When I opened the box , the styrofoam was pretty much all disintegrated into little BB 's . Something this heavy should probably be packaged using another method . I could never hold Amazon or the freight service responsible for this . No matter what freight service is used , the possibility of damage is high due to the method of packaging .
 I really like this machine . It cuts nice mortises . I 'm not sure if the bits/chisels that come with it are the best I can get , but they were fine for my first project , an Arts & Crafts wastebasket that required 40 mortises . I would not have done it without this machine . I cut the tenons with a dado blade on the table saw . I am on an Arts & Crafts furniture kick , so this machine will get plenty of use . Ca n't wait to do some through mortises.It is a heavy machine and the shipping carton from Delta might be fine for delivering it to a store , but for a one-off shipment to a home via UPS , it might be stouter . My first machine arrived with a broken casting and had to be returned . No problem for Amazon . They arranged for the broken one to be picked up at my house and I promptly got a new one that was fine .
 I bought one of these this past Christmas -LRB- when it was on sale for $ 199 -RRB- as it was the only remaining machine that I did n't have in my shop . Really ! It was kind of a `` splurge '' for me , but I am going to be building some new furniture for my parent 's family room as well as our cabin and the thought of making all the required mortises with a router and chisel like I normally do did n't sound very appealing.Overall , I would say this mortiser is built well -LRB- almost all cast iron construction -RRB- and is pretty good deal . Especially when compared to the competition . It is n't perfect though.I like the fact that it came with all the required chisels -LRB- 1/4 '' , 5/16 '' , 3/8 '' & 1/2 '' -RRB- and they are pretty decent in terms of sharpness/quality , but they could be more refined , as well as the fence system.A few thoughts : Delta should machine a a small notch into the end of the chisels that would correspond with a groove in the bushing they slide into , thus setting the chisels exactly at 90 degrees would be a snap
 This machine has been built to last . It comes with a heavy cast iron base and a cast column . The lever is strong and long enough to apply the proper pressure without tiring . The tool runs quietly and is vibration free . The motor has ample hp to do the job.The chisels were sharp and with a 3/8 '' chisel installed it went through red oak with very little effort . My first mortises in red oak table legs came out perfect . I highly recommend this unit . Some people complain about problems with Delta machines . If you have a problem call Delta and tell them what it is and they will always help and send you replacement parts . I 've never been refused ! Some complain to Amazon when all they have to do is make that call to Delta 's customer service dept
 Cons
 For years I used a mortising adapter on my drill press . It made decent mortises but was time-consuming and awkward to set-up and operate . Soooo , when I found myself building more and more projects that needed mortises I finally broke down and bought this too . Wow , wish I 'd done it a long time ago . Easy to set-up and operate . Adjustments are accurate , bits are quick and easy to change , and mortise cuts are clean and precise . It comes with four chisel/bit sets in the most commonly used sizes , 1/4 - , 5/16 - , 3/8 - , and 1/2-inch . I 've only had this machine for a few months but they seem to keep their edge and hold up well so far . The included extension adapter is quick and easy to install and adds another ~ 3 '' of clearance for large items.I was also very impressed by the packaging . The machine comes lightly oiled , sealed in plastic , and protected with several inches of hard foam . Although the delivery folks dropped the box hard enough to make a good sized dent in the side the mortiser was in perfect condition.If you do enough mortise work to justify a stand-alone tool , I 've found this a good quality machine for a very reasonable price . Recommended .
 I have had a week or so to use my machine and it works great . Holes are within 2/1000ths of an inch . The height adjustment riser is a nice feature , I needed to use it on my first project . It has plenty of power . Much nicer than the old drill press add on that I used before .
 My CFO let me buy one of these for an early birthday present . I do a lot of furniture making as a hobby and as a result was looking for something to make mortise and tennon joints quicker . This product worked very well and the bits seem at least adequate . I have not cut enough mortises to determine how long they will last , but I have cut at least 60 into hardwood with no dulling noted.The unit ships with an extension to allow thicker material to be used . This requires removing the machine from the base and installing the extension . Not something you would want to do on a whim . The handle is easily repositioned for optimal use and the overall assembly is very stable and comfortable to use.I 'm not a big Delta fan , but I have been very happy with this product . During my first project , I cut 48 mortises into Cherry in about 2 hours . Every one was perfect and dry assembly proved the cuts were consistent .
 Assembly is straightforward , though compressing the hydraulic cylinder to mount it is not mentioned in the instructions . It takes some force , but you can do it by hand.You do have to keep an eye on the depth of the drill relative to the chisel . If the drill bit is n't in REALLY tight , it can back out a bit when mortising dense hardwood . Then you 'll get the chisel making premature contact , and that will probably shorten its life.The instructions that come with the device could be better . I think Delta assumes that pros are buying these things , and underestimate the `` New Yankee '' factor.Even given these relatively minor complaints , this tool rocks . It makes a difficult and time-consuming manual operation a simple and fast power operation . Well done . As long as the chisels hold up , I 'll be happy .
 Everyone who is looking at this machine knows that there are three machines to choose from in this range
 My Delta 14-651 arrived in six days , and although the carton was somewhat beat up and coming untaped , the contents were in good shape . Set up was straightforward . I mounted the machine on a piece of plywood that I have clamped to my bench for stability on the down stroke . My first project , some mortised table legs , came out perfect with minimal set up time . So far , I am very pleased with my choice of this Delta model .
 Cons : Waited over six weeks after placing the order for delivery . Longshoreman strike in CA.Upon unpacking , I found the cast iron support column was broken in half at the base . Delta shipped a replacement for the broken part . It was the wrong one . Delta then shipped a new mortiser.Upon assmebly and first use , the threads in the suppot column stripped out when the depth stop set screw was tightened . I have since had a friend rtap the stripped screw hole and place a threaded insert where the set screw should go.Pros : Surprizingly accurate rack and pinion fence system . Minimum set up required to achieve accurate mortises.Drills clean mortises in hard woods such as pecan and oak . More than adaquate power.Mimimal clean up with a chisel after mortises are drilled .
 My machine arrived yesterday and everything is as advertised . The machine arrived in good condition and was easy to assemble . Then instructions are a bit sparse but the photographs and text are clear and concise . This unit has plenty of power for mortising oak and maple . The material hold down post was loose , but tightened up with the same hex key that is used to tighten the chisel portion of the bit . The chuck key has the hex wrench built in , and the tool holder has a spot for the chuck key and all the included bits , as well as a few spare slots for the next two bits you purchase . The included bits are sharp . The oversize base is stable and can be mounted to a bench through two holes . This is the biggest base I saw on a bench top mortiser . The 1725 RPM , hp motor is another reason I purchase this unit . The low speed keeps the bit from burning in hardwood.There are really only two slight negatives to this machine . The bit holder holds the bits sharp side up , which can be a hazard when reaching in that vicinity of the machine . I 'll probably keep my bits in a drawer where they wo n't fall out when I move the machine from the shelf to the bench . The instructions do n't contain much in the way of tips on making good mortises . Other less friendly features are the column extension feature and the ability to rotate the column 180 degrees . The column extension works OK but the materials hold down has no associated extension . Also , you must disassemble the machine from its base to rotate it 180 degrees , or to install the column extension . I do n't see these features getting much use , but they are nice design features just in case they are needed . I bolted the column extension to the base using only two bolts on one side just so it does n't go missing should I ever need it . Also , I wo n't be making any angle mortices without a jig . If that feature is needed be prepared to pay three times as much for the Powermatic .
 This machine goes together very easily . It is very smooth to operate and the hold down works great . It is very easy to change out the chisels . I ordered mine from Amazon and received it in a week . It was delivered in perfect condition . I paid $ 225 and it came with the set of chisels . I highly recommend buying this tool rather than a drill press attachment . You get a great deal of leverage with the handle . The Delta handle feels better than the Jet model . The handle is also adjustable . I own a lot of Jet tools but I prefer the Delta model of this tool . The storage rack for the chisels works great also . The motor is very powerful and smooth running I would recommend buying the table for this tool offered by Rockler . I recommend buying this tool for your workshop .
 There is not a lot of variance in mortising machines today , however this model tends to have everything right . In the $ 200 price range , this machine is the way to go , however I would not pay much more than that for this machine . If you are pricing this north of $ 225 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- start looking at the Powermatic model which has some neat innovative features . I have noticed a good deal of price variance on this machine , so watch the price closely and pounce on < $ 200 . Included bits are great out of the box , but need sharpening regularly . Rockler sells a nice touch up stone for mortising chisels . I tend to make a little more smoke than I like with this machine , but it is probably user technique more than anything .
 Machine arrived on time without defects or damage . Assembled without difficulty . Making mortises on wider peices of wood requires adding extension - is an issue for many applications . Centering the chisel requires attention to detail and a square unless you do not mind mortises a bit off center . Front and back adjustment works well . Hold down is not that great or easy to use , but acceptable . I found the chisels that came with the machine are plenty good and sink into white or red oak very well . Effort needed to use machine is acceptable . So far I am gald I bought it .
 Read the reviews was worried about the condition the machine woud arrive . But because of the shipping special I used FeEx overnight . Not a mark on the machine or the box and the item worked perfectly . Love it .
 Although I have done a good amount of woodworking I have never made a mortise -LRB- or tendon -RRB- . Even though I own a large drill press I chose the Delta because of previous reviews . It is machined well and cuts perfect square holes . I did incur a problem when I did n't have the fence secured tight enough but that was easily remedied . Some hints on using the tool in the instruction manual would have been nice but with a little practice it works well for my project . I tried to buy this through Home Depot but they did n't have it in stock and would have to order & have it shipped to me . Buying through Amazon I saved shipping , taxes and got it at the same price I would have had HD had it in stock with my military discount . A valuble tool for the woodworking shop .
 This machine is well built and easy to use . Set up is simple . Good product for the money.Shipping packaging is poor . The amount of cushion/foam around the mortising machine head in the shipping box is inadequate for the weight . The first two units arrived damaged in the same way . The mortising machine casting was broken where it slides on the column . The third one arrived unscathed except for a plastic lever arm used to secure the fence .
 I really like this machine . First time out , and -LRB- with a shop-made angle jig -RRB- I cut 8-degree tusk tenon mortises in black walnut for a trestle table , which turned out beautifully . Zips through well aged tough old bur oak with no problem . Assembly was a `` no-brainer , '' also . Only problem ... THE HOLLOW CHISELS were MISSING from the package . Deliberate or accidental . . I do n't know ; but , I had to purchase hc chisels at Woodcraft as the ones I ordered later -LRB- Woodtek ? -RRB- from Amazon -LRB- after discovering they were missing -RRB- do not fit the Delta . So , beware that substantial inconvenience : C ~ On the flip side , Amazon has been responsive to missing chisel problem so far ... we 'll see ! Buy this Delta machine , you wo n't understand why you did n't get one long ago !!
 I bought this thing about 12 years ago from the Tool Crib before they became part of Amazon . Like any dedicated tool that I own , I 've learned how to cut a mortise the old fashioned way , with marker and a hand held chisel and mallet . After I bought my mortiser , the difference was like daytime and nightime . What a time saver it is , not counting the clean cut that it make 's . I do n't use that thing that often since carpentry is only a hobby to me , but I 'm always glad to have it when a project call 's for it . Used it again last fall to build a tv stand/cabinet . For the money , this mortiser is well built , come 's with 4 chisels and bits , does n't take that much space since it 's not really a tool that you need very often , unless you were to run a production line , and in that case you would probably need to invest a lot more money for maybe a Powermatic or top of the line . Just a good tool to have around when the time call 's for it .
 The Delta 14-651 rated well in the magazine reviews , and it even won best mortising machine by Fine Woodworking in 2003 . The comments that placed the Delta above the Jet were better rack and pinion fence which stays square to the workpiece , and less force required to make mortises . When comparing the Jet and Powermatic , the only real difference is the rolling workpiece supports on the powermatic . That was not enough to excite me . In practice , the workpiece is easily held against the workpiece with one hand , while you make mortises with the other . The workpiece hold-down on this unit is very important . Remember to lock it down before each cut.Which is easier to make mortises with - a router or hollow chisel mortiser?A mortiser is easier . A handheld router requires a cumbersome jig . With a router table you must work blind and cut your mortises upside-down . A router will only make round mortises , not the square ones so popular in craftsman / arts and crafts / Stickley furniture.The Delta comes with 1/4 '' , 5/16 '' , 3/8 '' , and 1/2 '' chisels . The 3/8 '' chisel is perfect for pinning mortise and tenon joints with a square peg . The weight of the tool is perfect . Nice and stable while making mortises.Addendum
 For the price the product is great . It was very easy to assemble and by reading a few short articles on the Internet about making mortise and tenon joints , I was able to make a small table for our deck with perfect joints the first time out.The chisels seem to be of very good quality and I think they will hold up well for a few years.This is not the machine for the professional cabinetmaker , but for the home shop guys and gals this perfect in the perfect price range .
 i have had this for awhile and put off putting in a review.mine arived fine as all the tools i have recived by mail.i am not a huge production shop but i have turned out a few pieces of furnature with this machine and i think its great.to be honest i have not looked that close at the chisels to see if they are square or what not but they work fine . no funny holes or anything.it cuts oak no problem and overall i am very happy with this machine.dont buy the craftsman mortiser
 I am very pleased with the fit and finish , as well as the heft of this machine.I am currently using it on a set of mortise and tenonbunk beds , made of five quarter red oak , andit performs flawlessly .
 I have used both this Delta mortising machine and the Jet benchtop models . Delta actually has Jet beat in many ways , more cast iron parts . Works great from the first mortise - easy set-up , maybe 30 minutes . Machine includes 4 chisels , the Jet does not . I paid $ 200 for this , free shipping . Great value . Arrived in perfect condition with all parts included . Well-packed in huge styrofoam-lined carton . Now my drill press can go back to drilling . Will extend the life of my drill press . Anyone interested in a Delta mortising attachment for 12 '' drill press ???
 What a pleasure it is to make a Mortis with this machine . Just a few seconds with a chisel to clean out the bottom of the mortise and your done . Plenty of power , extra long handle for working on the hardest of woods . The chisel set that comes with the machine is top quality ... . With Amazon 's low price you ca n't go wrong . I give this a double thumbs up .
 I purchased this item a couple months ago . I was first hesitant to spend the money on something I could do with a plunge router with a little more setup time , but am now glad I took the plunge , no pun intended ! I received the product damaged and had to order a replacement part -LRB- free of charge from Delta , very pleasant to work with ! -RRB- I have been drilling 1/2 in x 4 in mortises 5/8 in deep and it has worked like a charm . I think the cast iron base is a must have and ca n't see how the more expensive models would be worth additional cost . I got this machine for around $ 175 and it has been worth every penny !
 The Delta Mortising Machine was received in excellent condition . While it works well the way it is , it is even better when you use the riser block and add an additional 3 '' . This gives you room to replace the guide and hold down with a X-Y vice . I purchased the X-Y vice from Grizzley , made a few modifications and it is wonderful .
 This machine is built very well . Mortising requires intense pressure on the cutting chisel . This machine can deliver the needed pressure -LRB- in excess of 2000 pounds for white oak -RRB- with ease . A drill press , which I 've used previously ca n't do it . I 'm very pleased with the machine . It is a good investment even if I use it only ocassionally because nothing else can do the job .
 I to was concerned about problems with shipper , but my mortiser arrived in perfect condition . -LRB- UPS -RRB- . The operators manual is very straight forward , assembly was a breeze . It took longer to remove the cosmoline than to assemble the mortiser . The operation of the mortiser is very good , drills good square holes Handle is long enough to apply the proper amount of pressure . Fence operation is very nice -LRB- rack and pinion -RRB- , excellent clearance to change the bits . I 'm very pleased with the mortiser so far and would highly recomend it . Also amazon is a very good company to do with . In the past when I 've needed customer service they went above and beyond . thanks
 The box arrived mostly intact . When I opened it though I could see the styrofoam had taken a beating . The machine appeared to be undamaged so i completed the simple assembly and tested the machine . The following day I noticed a crack in the base of the Column . I will see if Delta will just ship a replacement column.One other issue is the mortise depth with the smaller chisels . It seems that with a 1/4 '' bit -LRB- only one tested -RRB- , due to the length , a mortise can not be cut to a depth of more than 1 '' off the base . So in 2 '' stock you would be able to go no more than 1 '' deep . This is an issue with stock that may be 6/4 , or for through-mortises . I guess a nice square , parallel backing block between the workpiece and the base would take care of the problem . Since the instruction mention through-mortises I assume they are possible with the larger chisels .
 I recently purchased this machine despite all of the shipping woes so many others have mentioned . Fortunately my machine arrived in perfect condition . The foam packing is a bit marginal for the weight of the machine . I can see that the potential for shipping damage is relatively high . My machine was delivered by Fed Ex.I put the machine to use immediately and have no complaints about it 's performance . It is not as powerful or high quality as some industrial mortisors I have used but costs very little in comparison and is quite adequate for most mortising tasks . I found the fence , holddown , and depth stop to work quite well . The bits and chissels that came with the machine do not look as good as some older but more expensive ones I have but they function perfectly . The heavy cast iron base gives the machine good stability if not fastened down . I fastened my machine to a cabinet I built for it to set on and the only problem I had were the elevations on the sides of the base are not high enough to allow easy removal of debree that accumulates underneath but I solved that problem by making blocks 3/4 inch thick and located them under all of the support points and now debree is easy to remove.In conclusion , Considering where the machine was manufactured and and the price range it is better than most in quality and is a nice addition to any wood shop . I like it better than the Jet and waaaay better than Cent . Machinery .
 Overall , I rate this tool a 4 star , It is rugged and durable . The only reason I could not give it a 5th star is that the bits that come with it are really cheap , I had to go out and purchase 2 more bits . Other than that , great tool.Easy to put togetherfootprint is nice and tightall features are excellentpowerful
 Delivery was great and it was easy to assemble except for one small thing that was not mentioned in the Product Manual . When assembling , when you try to raise the head for the first time , it wo n't move . I called Delta Tech support and they did n't know the answer but while I was awaiting the non-answer , I realized there are two screws on the verticle column on which the head slides . Those screws need to be loosened for the head to slide . -LRB- Especially frustrating becaue another review here mentions this problem but did n't offer the solution . -RRB- But it all worked out and the machine is great .
 THis mortiser , which I researched heavily prior to purchase , does exactly one thing - makes square holes - and does it really well . My search revealed that it is not even the most expensive unit . It is quite rugged with metal castings for all parts -LRB- no plastic -RRB- , is easy to adjust -LRB- and stays adjusted during use -RRB- and is durable . I have had it for about six months and have made heavy use of it in oak , maple and pine . The motor is more than adequate in the torque area and the set-up is easily changed to accommodate different sizes of wood and positioning of the holes . It is also HEAVY.There is no down side that I am aware of .
 Having used the Delta for a month on Cedar , Soft Maple & White Oak I am happy to report everything seems to be working fine . The unit arrived undamaged , and after cleaning it up -LRB- excessive grease , for rust I suppose -RRB- and following directions -LRB- important for chisel placement -RRB- all worked well . While the chisels did seem sharp as is , I did sharpen the them with a cone sharpener from Lee Valley and the sides of the chisels I sharpened on water stones . Cut like butter thru the Cedar , with a little more effort in the Maple . The white oak was harder still , but I took my time , and it worked well . Overall I am very happy .
 Free shipping and still recieved it in just 3 days . Wow . NO sales tax . How can you beat that ? Machine is very good . Very heavy , thanks to cast iron construction , including the base . Some machines I have seen have fiberboard tables . Tool runs very quietly and vibration free . It is very easy to insert chisels and get proper adjustment . I 've made a couple of frame and panel doors using mortise and tenon construction . No problems cutting the wood I used . I salvaged some mahogany from an old bookcase , it cut very easely . You have to clean up the bottom of the mortise with a chisel , but that is not much of a problem . The chisels that came with it were all very sharp and seem to be of fairly good quality . A friend of mine drew a bit of blood checking one out . All said , this tool should give very good service and little trouble . I would buy it again .
 It really comes down to two machines in this class the Delta and the General . The General has a better table and can be bought in a tilting model but given that it was almost a couple hundred more plus truck freight I went with the Delta given Amazon 's low price and free shipping.After several years of reviews of this machine taking about broken machines you think Delta would take note however that appears not to be the case . Mine was shipped to me in two days with no major visable damage to the shipping container . I assembled it and proceded to start using it when I noticed a small hairline crack at the base of the column . That and one of the fence holddowns was stripped . Not wanting to return it I called Delta and they are shipping all the needed parts . Basically I think it come down to poor quality control from Delta.Now on to the machine . As I said there are only two machines to consider in this class and this machine is rock solid and the table is solid cast . The number of improvements that could be made without greatly increasing the cost is limited and most of them are minor . I think most of Delta 's effort should go into QC . After tha , here are my minor complaints . -LRB- Making it more like the General -RRB- 1 and 2 are really the same issue . Both swiveling the head and adding the extension are a pain . I think a little creative engineering here and this would be a great improvement .3 -RRB- An add on vice with side to side movement would be a great add on even as an additional cost .4 -RRB- The depth stop is very poor.But the basic thing is , that for the price this is the best machine in it 's class .
 I received mine two days after I orderd it , free shipping out of Penn. . I assembled the tool and paid no attention to the paint or finish , guy 's this is shop equipmant not a show car . I then cut 1/2 '' mortise joints in pine , oak , plywood ? , and cherry . The free chisel set is not that great but perfect for starters . If you already have chisels , enjoy the convienence of vertually zero set up time . The tool is easy to use compared to setting up a drill press or hand chiseling . I like it , Delta makes good equipment and the replacement parts -LRB- If you break -RRB- are easy to get and affordable . I am not a `` professional '' wood crafter/artist or cabinet maker but I use \ own many power tools and this unit is well worth the investment .
 Before buying this mortiser , I read all the reviews . I was concerned about breakage in shipping , but mine arrived safe and sound -- faster than estimated.Despite the crypticness of the manual , I had it up and running in about 30 minutes . It worked fine , and is a good deal for the money -- especially because it INCLUDES 4 chisels .
 I purchased this through Amazon and it came well packed and undamaged , unlike some other reviews I read . Perhaps they changed the packing system . Assembly was n't too bad however putting the piston on was rather awkward as you have to compress it a little to make it fit . Fence was square to the table which is a must with one of these . I cut 16 3/8 '' mortises into Oak with relative ease as the large handle gives you plenty of leverage . So far I 'm pleased with the tool and like it 's rugged construction and large Cast iron table .
 This tool works well and is a good value . It does rotate 180 to cut larger stuff . I have mine on it 's own bench that has a portable base . Helps with long pieces .
 Machine arrived on time and in good condition . Have used it several times and has performed as expected .
 Well , I had to wait two weeks for the machine to finally ship -LRB- in spite of the `` ships in 24 hours '' assertation from Amazon -RRB- , but it finally arrived . The box was broken on the corner , so I was afraid that I too would suffer the shipping disaster that has plagued too many who have purchased this machine . I guess I 'm lucky , because the mortiser had no damage.Set up took less than 30 minutes , and it cuts nice , clean , straight mortises . A little tweaking to get it fine tuned , and it 's ready to go . Easy to use , good manual , and heavy duty -LRB- by modern standards -RRB- construction . Overall , it 's a great buy for the $ 200 price . Best machine for the money I 've seen , especially after looking at the Shop Fox and others with wooden bases.If you have the patience to wait out the long shipping times , the guts to take a chance on it not being destroyed , and the need for a good mortiser at a great price , buy this thing . It will make a great addition to your shop .
 After unpacking the machine and following the easy instructions for assembly , I noticed a serious crack in the head casting just behind the motor . Alas , do I have to go to the service center in Boston , an hour away ? I called the Delta service number and talked with someone who only needed the serial number . From that they knew who I was , and where I lived ! Computers ! They sent me a new casting in a few days , but no instructions on how to do the switch . Looking at the exploded diagram , I was able to tell what was a pin , which a bolt , and how to disassemble especially the gear and lever . Finally , it was assembled except for two things
 I am very happy with the Mortising Machine . The cost was the lowest I could find and the shipping was free . Delivery was standard but very quick.Great job I will check with Amazon the next time I shop for woodworking equipment .
 I too was leary of buying this item from Amazon . It came to me in good condition . Packing was well designed . Like I mentioned the machine is great -LRB- too bad it was made in China -RRB- the chisels on the other hand were below Delta standards . The chisels that came with my unit were not square or perpendicular . They also were tapered . The chisels could also have been made out of better grade steel . Other than the fact of chisels , and the that the machine is made in China , it is worth buying !
 I just finished building a cabinet requiring the use of several mortise and tenon joints . THe Delta Mortising Machine worked great . The only flaw I found was the hold down was difficult to tighten accurately . Tightening the set screw always seemed to increase the pressure on the workpiece . Getting the right amount of pressure always required several tries .
 works well , but is quite noisy . a bit under powered but capable . a sharp chisel is absolutely required .
 This appears to be of excellent quality and has accuracy of adjustment . I would like to know how/where to purchase honing devices to sharpen the chisels .
 this is an excellent piece of equipment if it is delivered without damage . from the reviews I read it appears that all thedamaged units were purchased from amazon.com . why ? should I buya second unit for my son from a local merchent ?
 When I asked this product was a month ago ... first they said it was broken , and then they returned the product , I was very upset about this ... how is posible -LRB- even in others reviews -RRB- they sending products broken ... the first shipping was via UPS , very much troubles with them ... they said they have got to delivery and is n't true ... so , after 2 weeks they said the product was damage in the shipping ... so , I wrote to Amazon , and in 2 days after that I recived the Drill without a problem via Fedex ... well , after that the machine works great , is the solution for SQUARE holes ... I hope Amazon works on they delivery ...
 Read the reviews about the shipping problems and was concerned about ordering this mortiser . I took the chance and received everything in good shape via UPS . The styrofoam is thin in a number of spots . I can see how this unit could be damaged in transit . Luckily for me , everything arrived in one piece . I ordered the unit on a Friday night and received it , using UPS ground , the following Thursday . It actually arrived a day early.Opened box , inventoried and inspected all pieces . Everything was there and there was no visible damage . After cleaning the unit , I was impressed with the machine 's details . No paint scratches , the large table was flat ... Assembly was easy . The hardest part was attaching the cylinder that aids in raising and lower the chisel . I put the top end on first and then used a 1/8 in . piece of wood as a lever to get the bottom into position . I also has to loosen the dovetail jib to make the unit lower and raise easier . Time to assemble , roughly 20 minutes.I 'm working on a Morris chair and ottoman and had already completed the ottoman using the Delta drill press mortising attachment to do the 1/2 in . mortises . It did the job but there were a couple of time when I thought I was going to break the handles on my bench top drill press . That 's what I made the decision to buy this.My first test was a 4 in x 1/2 in mortise in quartersawn white oak . I was impressed . It was so much easier and quicker that the drill press attachment.The only down side , IMHO , is the depth stop . I was hoping for something like the drill press where you zero it out and then dial in the depth . This just uses a stop bar . It 's an extremly minor detail and does n't take away from my initial impression of the machine.If you make it past the possible shipping problems , this is a teriffic machine .
 I was torn between the Jet and this unit - especially after reading the reviews about the Delta unit getting broken in transit on more than one occasion . I figured that everyone seemed happy IF it arrived in one piece , so I took a chance . Happily , mine came in unscathed . Set up was quick and easy and in no time , I had made my first mortise with it . I have yet to really put it through its paces , but so far , I love it .
 What a great tool and a great deal . -LRB- ... -RRB- Bad news . It arrived broken . The cast iron yoke that held the motor to the spindle shaft was cracked in half.Good news . Amazon replaced by air shipping me a new one in just a matter of days plus paid for the return shipping of the broken one -LRB- 78lbs ! -RRB- . Tool review . Set up is pretty straight forward with clear instructions in manual . It comes coated with a heavy layer of oil so be prepared to do some cleaning . Good news is that zero rust was on the machine . I liked spring loaded handle in that I could quickly reposition it for each new mortise cut . It comes with five decent drill/chisels that should last for a very long time if kept sharp.This machine is heavy at 78lbs , which is what you want when cutting a mortise . Without bolting it down I have not had a problem with it wobbling during cuts . I did some test cuts starting with the smallest chisel set and worked my way up to the largest set -LRB- 1/2 inch -RRB- , only on the largest set did I feel the motor bog down just a small amount . But for me this was not an issue because I am not in the production business but use this solely for hobby purposes.Bottom line
 My machine arrived by FedX , and seemed to be in fine shape . I got it running in less than 30 minutes including cleaning the nice coat of oil from `` wood touching surfaces . '' I got twelve mortises done , when the handle snapped off at the spring pin . I noticed two fine cracks on the outside edge of the spring pin hole when I assembed it , but assumed they were made that way . Looking back now , it appears that the spring pin was driven into the hole , and split the retainer . Well , anyway , on the thirteenth mortise the casting snapped in two places . I got on the phone to Delta , and they assured me that they would send out the piece , as soon as it became available -- backorder . It seems they have had a run on this part.The machine does beautiful work , and it sure beats doing it by hand . A bit of clean-up with a chisel and the mortises will be as perfect as can be . My project will have to wait until the part comes in . At least I wo n't have to send the whole machine in for repair .
 Mine came undamaged in transit , box looked pretty much new . First hole I drilled I sheared off the roll pin in the handle , customer service wanted over $ 3 for a new one ... replaced it with a cotter pin and it works perfectly . Good deal for the price .
 The mortising machine worked fine right out of the box . My first project required 64 mortises in red oak . The results were excellent . I would have liked to see a clamp of some sort to hold the work piece as the higher end mortising machines have , but I guess that would just raise the price . Overall I was very happy with the purchase .
 Works exactly as I had hoped it would in cherry hardwood . Very simple to set up and use . Saved me lots of time and did a wonderful job .
 I do n't have much to add to the other reviews . Mine came with no packaging problems and if it had container damage , the packing could have stood up to a drop from the truck . Assembly only took a few minutes and then I got to try it out . I 've made several pieces of Arts & Crafts furniture using a Harbor Freight machine and it did a fine job but I 'm far from expert on this machine . All I can say is this is like going from a bicycle to a Cadillac and my trial runs were a pleasure . I played around with some scrap hardwoods and the mortises came out perfect . The only gripe is the manual was written for someone considerably less than my age with a whole lot better eye sight but I guess that 's what they make glasses for .
 I 've just unpacked , assembled and tested this machine . Here 's my two cents - packing was great , smothered in styrofoam and unpainted parts bathed in oil . Cleaned up easily . Instructions were well written and assembly took about 45 minutes . I bought this based on a woodworking magazine review as an upgrade for my the Delta drill press mortising attachment . Since I 've been doing more mission style furniture lately its worth it to have a more substantial machine . This machine earned the excellent reviews by being well designed and constructed . The rack & pinion fence alone is worth the little bit more that you will pay for this tool . The first mortises I cut were 1/2 `` x1-1 / 4 `` x2 `` long in white oak and were smooth sided and burn free . The 1745 rpm speed slows your feedrate but pays a big dividend in a quality mortise . Do n't buy it unless you have enough mortises to justify it but if you do you will be pleased with this machine . I wonder how many biscuit joiners and dedicated hollow chisel mortising machines have been sold because `` Norm '' introduced us to them ?
 Having used the new Delta mortiser for two weeks now , I am relatively pleased with the machine . The cast iron table and fence are extremely solid . The depth adjust is sound and stays locked down so you do n't have to worry about cutting too deep . Bit changes are simple and your knuckles are safe . The sliding dovetail way makes it easy to adjust the resistance in the head travel to your liking . The lever locks down solid and is plenty long to get that extra torque you need to start a mortis in those real hard woods . The bits supplied with the machine have worked well to punch smooth mortises in everything from red oak to gancalo alves and cocobolo.My only negative comment is the loss in sturdiness of the device when you install the 2 '' column lift . This raises the fence off the table and you lose some of the stability in the machine . This can be fixed with some blocks under the fence , but then you must sacrifice the ease of fence adjustment . Other than that , this Delta product has lived up to it 's name and has been a solid addition to my shop that I would recommend to anyone . I ca n't imagine cutting mortises by hand anymore .
 I grabbed the first one I saw and handled ... The large cast iron table/base , and rack and pinion fence with hold down , are the killer features of this mortiser . The table/base is very stable and the fence is very simple to adjust . The bits are easy to set up and adjust as there is plenty of room for your hands behind the chuck access door . Another thing of note is that the machine came with a cast iron riser block that adds about 2 '' to the machine 's capacity in the normal configuration -LRB- i.e. , with the bit over the table rather than off the back -RRB- . Compared to the more basic Delta unit , and to the competition 's bench top offerings , this is a much more substantial machine and is well worth the relatively small price differential . And , as for the thing that really counts , it cut nice square and even mortises in the pine , maple and oak that I 've used it on !
 This is an excellent mortiser . I decided to buy it over the slightly less expensive competing mortisers -LRB- e.g. , Delta MM300 -RRB- because I read complaints regarding fence and hold-down inadequacies . I 've never used one of these other machines , so I ca n't confirm that their fences are bad . But I can tell you that the fence on this model is excellent . Solid , accurate , and easy to position and lock into position.Assembling the mortiser was pretty easy , with one exception . There is a hydraulic cylinder -LRB- kind of like what keeps storm doors from slamming closed -RRB- that connects to the power head and the base , which helps to raise the power head . The documentation says to raise the head all the way up so that you can install the hydraulic cylinder . Well , with the head all the way up , the cylinder arm is still approx . 1/2 '' too long to install . I ended up compressing the cylinder with a Quick Grip bar clamp in order to install the cylinder -LRB- it has too much internal pressure to compress by hand -RRB- . Other than this annoyance , set-up was simple.Great mortiser . Pay the extra ... and buy this machine . You wo n't be sorry !
 I was using the router to make my mortises and found I was not very good at it . I recieved my Delta 14-651 machine yesterday . Everything was in order . I cut my first mortise within 45 min . of opening the box . Assembly and operational instructions are clear and easy enough to follow . Prior to purchasing I looked at the Jet , Fisch , Craftsman and Harbor Freight machine as well as the other Delta machine . I never found this one on display but it was so highly rated in the magazine reviews I thought I would get it sight unseen . Glad I did . This machine is well put together and operates smoothly . It 's a few $ $ more but well worth the differece . Only small complaint is the construction of the fence lock down handles . They are made of plastic and I am a little leary of the durability . Chisels and bits are sharp and they cut a nice mortise with minimal hand clean up . I would recommend it over the others mortisers and am very happy to be using this machine instead of the router ... it is so much easier for me to use .
 I received my machine and had it up and running in 5 minutes . I was in the process of building a coffey table out of oak and needed to drill 12 mortises . The first 11 went great , but in the middle of the last one , the tip of the bit broke off about 1/2 inch from the end and lodged into the work piece . It also damaged the corner of the chisel.I called into Delta warranty service and a new chisel and bit were sent to me immediately with no questions asked on how the bit may have broke . I honestly did not expect to receive this type of service or receive a replacement part at no charge .
 This is a solid and well manufactured tool . I have been looking at different mortisers for about three months . The ratings were weak on the existing bench top models , and nearly everyone was critical of the fence and hold-down methods . It appeared that the highest user rated bench top mortisers were those thought to be `` less weak '' than the others . Delta clearly listens to customer feedback . On this model the fence is positioned by a rack and pinion , and the fence clamps solidly to the large base . Talk about solid ! I cut a number of holes in pine and white ash . No problem . The unit cuts well with the supplied chisels . I like the fact that you can adjust the gib for a smooth sliding fit . I like this unit . When I compare it to the other bench top mortisers on the market , it is clear that this one ranks above all . This is indeed a professional tool built for profesionals . It works well and the price is reasonable .
 First off , I 'd like to address the negative reviews of this machine . I wish people would review the tools and not the delivery service or the retailer.Now , about the 14-651 . This a beast of a machine . It 's heavy , it 's got a strong motor and it can drill a lot of square holes . That 's what a mortiser is supposed to do , right?Most of this tool is metal . The base is cast iron , unlike some that are part metal , part chipboard etc. . As some other reviewers have commented , some of the locking levers are plastic . If you feel the need to go He-man on them , I imagine they might break . But you really do n't need to crank them down that much . The important lever -LRB- the holddown lever -RRB- is metal . The drill bits come packaged individually with plastic caps to protect the tips . They look decently made and come pretty sharp . I 'm sure that like most edge tools , a honing would help them perform at their best . But they cut fine out of the box.This is an easy tool to set up . You have to attach the hand lever , the tool holder and degrease the cast iron parts . You do n't really need to align anything until you make your cuts . Even though the directions `` recommend '' bolting the mortiser down , it should be mandatory.Why did it get five stars ? Well , all the important parts are metal . It 's got a great motor that spins at a reasonable rpm -LRB- 1725 not 3450 like some of them -RRB- . It 's priced very competively and has a long warranty . Its design is n't lacking anything . Combine that w / Amazon 's free shipping and it 's a stellar deal . My home was only 2 shipping days away from the depot so it did n't get a lot of handling . I 'm sure that with a longer trip , say five days or more , I can see where the risk of damage might increase . But , if you review this mortiser , please review the tool , not the shipper .
 Top of the line , bench to mortiser - Buy the Delta 14-651 . The fence is solid and precise with two lock downs , the dove tail slide is accurate and adjustable , the 1725 RPM as aposed to 3200 means more torque/no bog down , the handle is adjustable on the fly for easy cuts , the column does not torque , you get 5 bits that all work , Delta stands behind the unit and does answer the 800 number , and it cuts nice square holes.-OR - Buy the JET . A little aluminum foil for shims and you can align the cutter to the bed , the polished CRS column looks right out of Shop Class and wo n't deflect much , do n't worry about the fence and bed - you 're a Craftsman , the higher 3200 rpm will cut faster - right ? , you 'll will save a solid forty bucks . Do n't worry though - it does in practice cut nice square holes.-OR - Buy the dill press attachment . If your set up is rock solid and the change out not an issue you will save a lot of pony . I really do n't use the press much anyway , and this is a solid way to go.-OR - Buy some chisels to go with your router . I could spend days on a square hole ... All kidding and wise guy comments done , I bought the Delta . It 's the best of the lot and dispite endless cutting this year , the holes are still square and where I need them . White Oak is scared of me!The Problem - the first one was delivered by UPS -LRB- pronounced `` OOPs '' -RRB- . They broke it and Delta I had to swap it out . This took a few days .
 This machine is good to buy as a starting point but as is the fence is way too small to support reasonable sized workpieces . So , buy it , bolt a steel plate about 6 x 12 to the fence , about 1/4 '' thick , and enjoy . Works fine otherwise .
 Nicely packaged , delivered on time , easy to assemble & works Great.Considered the Jet , but I like this base a lot better ... . v
 Beats using a drill press & chisel . Works great , didnot take a genius to set up & use . Great investment !
 There was hardly anything to assemble ; and what little there was , was so simple a caveman could do it . I got perfect mortises the first time I used it without any difficulties . Wished I have purchases one years ago . It is of the same Delta quality that there other machines are ; heavey duty and will last a life time at a relatively reasonable price . The only negative is how thick the peice you are going to mortises seems to be small , but I think that is about the same for all makes .
 I 'd expect normally to spend a couple extra hours adjusting this kind of tool to my picky-picky requirements ; but factory adjustments were excellent , as was the result of my initial trial mortise-and-tenon joint.The Delta 14-651 has seemed a solid investment and a useful addition to my growing workshop needs.Comments of others convinced me to use Amazon Prime next-day delivery -LRB- via DHL -RRB- ; no outside carton damage , and styrofoam inserts were in best shape of any such shipment I 've received -- well worth the $ 3.99 premium !
 ALL AROUND GOOD TOOL FOR THE MONEY , IT DOES WHAT IT WAS MADE FOR.D.ROJAS
 I am in the market for a mortiser ... I have read most all the reviews on the Jet , Delta , and Powermatic ... One thing keeps popping up in most reviews ... The shipping company ... UPS . . I 'm wondering ... is this forum for the review of Amazon.com , UPS or as it 's intended ... the machine whether it be a mortiser , tenoning jig or table saw ... I have had nothing but great success with Amazon in their products , deliverys -LRB- FEDEX -RRB- and their people ... I think this forum should ONLY rate the machine for which it was intended ... Thanks . . I feel better now . .
 adquiri delta mortiser machine y la recomiendo como una estupenda herramienta hace el trabajo mas facil y limpio y rapido una buena herramienta a bajo preciola recomiendo
 Good machine for hobby woodworking . Easy set-up and instructions . Only wish is sharpening stones be included with the chisels .
 Well I received mine back in July , so I have n't had a chance to use it . It 's really hot , and humid here in H-town -LRB- H is for HUMIDITY/HEAT -RRB- . We had a dry front come through this week , though , and I got a chance to use it . I bought some better wood for my mobile base under my Jet bandsaw , and used my mortiser as a drill press . I 've read other reviews about the quality of the chisels provided with this mortiser . I do n't know how much sharper people need them to be , I cut my finger with mine , trying to remove it from the plastic wrap !! I 've also read on another review that the plastic fence hold down screw handles break too easily . I guess suffering from carpal tunnel syndrome for so long , weakened my grip , because I made probably 10 adjustments to my fence , and no problem !! Maybe I just have the touch , who knows.This is a great tool , it 's still too hot for a full blown project , but just a few hours use , and I 'm satisfied with mine !!! I can tell you that mine came broken . It was shipped assembled , and maybe dropped too many times by DHL . Once again , Amazon 's stellar customer service department , quickly sent me another one -LRB- in just 3 days -RRB- , and now all is well . I 'm now looking forward to using my new Porter Cable 893PK , of course , once we 're a few million miles away from the Sun , when I wo n't melt in the process !!! 12/05/06
 Amazing . I am a frequent shopper on Amazon and this product is the only one I have had a problem with . If you buy this mortiser MAKE SURE you check it out when you get it . Way back in 2005 I bought one for my brother and he waited a year to open it up . Dumb on his part , but like so many others it was broken before or during shipment . And reading other reviews it is still happening . My brother checked with pros and they said there is no way to fix it . Buy one of these at your own peril !
 Ordered the Delta Mortising benchtop tool and have enjoyed using it . Shipping/Delivery was quick.It does require a bit of force for harder woods but taking small bites and working slowly allowsfor nice work . I would recommend this product .
 I read several horror storys from others who order tools and the issues that occured , But this is my 3rd order from Amazon and I been blessed , never any delivery problems , especially the bench top mortiser , box was very heavy , but not problem , driver deliverd right to my front step . I assembled the tool in 1 hour because of the handle system came apart inside the housing , this gear assemble is pretty cheesey the way its put together , much harder to re assemble , but its done and after the first time I used the machine I was satisfied , it worked like a charm , I 'm extremly pleased and have no problem recomending this tool to any body looking for a bench top machine like this , also price was fantastic .
 Pulled it out of the box to assemble the head to the base then realized that it should n't have to be done . The head casting was broken on one side.Called Amazon to do a return and was given the choice of a replacement with speedy delivery or a refund . I took the refund and found a tool store in town to match the $ 225 price with an extra 1/2 '' chisel . The thought of another broken machine was too much.They need to package it correctly.Otherwise , I 'll say that it is a decent machine that may require better chisels .
 Took this out of the box -LRB- no damages at all on the FedEx truck -RRB- and put it together in just a few minutes . During setup I noticed the fence was not square to the table , allowing the workpiece to rock back and forth . It was about .030 '' out . I e-mailed Delta with my concern on 7-25 . On 8-2 I got a new fence . I chose this machine for the cast iron base . All the others have MDF bases . The hold down on this one is easy and the rack and pinion fence adjuster is nice , too . The door covering the chuck is large and makes bit changing a breeze though I do n't like the chuck key much . The toggle handles for the fence are plastic and I 'm not crazy about them , either . The bits were sharp , real sharp . Keep the plastic covers on when changing the chisels . Works with a minimum of effort and never complains . I 've only had this a week or so and ca n't vouch for the durability of the chisels but this is a nicely built tool . One star demerit for my minor complaints.EDIT
 I finally put this unit together after having it for about two months . The only problem I ran into during assembly was putting the bottom dust bag onto the drum . Otherwise everything went together smoothly.When I tried to hook it up to my 10 '' Delta band saw and 6 '' disc/belt sander I realized the hose was too big for the dust ports and that I needed an adaptor . Would have been nice if Delta had thought to include one in package . I went online and purchased one for less than three bucks and it arrived today . However when I hooked up the to the adaptor I found that I still needed to use my shop vac hose to connect to the power tools.After I got all that put together and connected I tried the unit out and it did suck up the dust from the band saw and my sander . My floor is alot cleaner than when I just used the shop vac and it 's alot quieter too . Also there is n't much dust in flying in air when I 'm working.If you have a small shop like me and do n't mind moving the dust collector hose from tool to tool then this unit is for you.I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I originally bought this dust collector for my lathe and easy cleanup . Unfortunately the CFM 's -LRB- suction -RRB- is n't exactly high enough to suck up the shavings for a larger lathe . On the other hand , if you have the right atachments it works well for a mini lathe -LRB- or pen lathe -RRB- . Futhermore , with the right attatchments , this works great for just about every other tool I have used it on in the workshop such as a surface planer , drill press , bandsaw etc. , as well as making cleaning the floor much easier too . If the intention of your dust collector is going to be to catch shavings from a larger lathe I would reccomend at least an 850 CFM or higher , however , overall I would recommend this tool for anyone with a pen lathe or using this for just about any other tool in the workshop , because it will work great .
 This shop dust collector is just right for a small shop where it will be `` working '' on one machine at a time . We have actually used it with two machines at the same time and it does an OK job . But with one machine working it has plent of pull.For the price I do n't think you 'll find a better dust collector .
 I have one of these in my home shop . Works great one machine at a time . Primarily use on a Unisaw & a chop saw . Have extra flex & move between machines . Home shop is very small . Bought this second one to be dedicated to a table saw in our plant instead of running the overhead blower system to the machine . Ca n't beat it for the $ $ .
 I have been using the AP400 for about 2 months in my home shop , never on more than one machine at a time , and have been reasonably happy with it . It was time consuming to loosen the clamps to change it to a different machine . I fixed it by purchasing the quick disconnect system from Penn State Industries . Tappered fittings are permanantly attached to the hose and to each machine , similiar to the tappered fittings on a home vacuum . Moving from machine to machine is almost instantaneous so I do it even for small jobs . The lower bag is very difficult to re-attach after emptying . My wife sewed a continuous loop on the bag so the band stays on the bag , it is a great help . We talked about putting some stick-on velcro on the machine and sew matching velcro on the bag to hold it in place while tightening the clamp but do n't think it will be necessary . It plugs very easily when using the surface planer , particularly with a soft wood such as pine . The only solution I have found so far is to take very small bites which is probably easier on the planer and leaves a smoother finish . I have considered removing the cross hairs in the duct and since I do n't use it to valcuum the floor it wrould probably be OK , but I do understand that they are there for a purpose . I may someday spring for a pre-cleaner and see if it takes out enough of the larger shavings so the plugging decreases . The bottom line is that my shop stays much cleaner , and since it is the basement of the house my wife is very happy as less dust and shavings are distributed throughout the house .
 THIS IS THE FIRST DUST COLLECTOR I HAVE OWNED . I DID A LOT OF RESEARCH AND SELECTED THIS UNIT BASED ON PRICE , AIR FLOW AND REVIEWS WRITTEN BY OTHER BUYERS . I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMEND FOR THE HOME SHOP BUYER
 There is not A dust system that works as well as the AP400 for the price ! It moves around great and does a excellent job i only use it on one machine at a time and it handles everything with no problem even the fine dust particles when sanding Highly recomended
 I am pleased with the quality and value of this item . I was amazed how much other company 's charge for a similar item . It is only picking up sawdust ! Save your money for more important items . God Bless !
 This being my 1st dust collector , I did extensive research and read a ton of reviews . It is good for 1 machine at a time only , and I would not recommend using a longer hose than is supplied with it . There is just not enough air movement for a greater distance.The top bag -LRB- 30 microns -RRB- is a joke . With normal shop lighting you can actually see the dust being blown out into the air you 're supposed to be breathing !! This bag definitely should be replaced with a cannister from Wynn Environmental -LRB- # 35A274BLOL -RRB- for an additional $ 95.00 cost . It 's worth the money for better health and a cleaner shop.I have been using the Delta ambient air filter above the AP400 to try to contain the dust released , and it does help but , it is not the complete answer . You HAVE to reduce the dust coming from the AP400 much better than Delta sees fit.Also , some reviews stated that the AP400 is quiet enough to allow `` normal '' conversations while standing by them . NO WAY !! This unit is loud , just not the same type of screaming noise a shop vac makes . I can not hear my table saw with the AP400 directly behind it . Maybe something is wrong but , I have yet to discover what . It also seems to creeate heat in my shop . I have A/C but , when running the dust collector for any length of time , the shop certainly gets warmer . -LRB- It 's only 9 ' X 18 ' -RRB- With better dust control I would have given it 5 stars but adding the cost of a good filter is apparently not the path Delta wants to take .
 After doing a lot of research and considering all the other options I decided to buy this one for the price and because I have other Delta tools that have always been happy with.I have been using it with my thickness planer , router table , table saw , and 6 '' jointer for about 2 months now and I have not been disappointed . I have n't tried to use it with more than one tool at a time , as I do n't need to , but it certainly has more than enough power and capacity to keep up with what I am doing.There are two additional accessories that I would recommend getting for this :1 -RRB- a longer hose , I bought a clear 10 ' hose2 -RRB- a quick disconnect fitting for the hose to connect and disconnect to the different tools without having to clamp and un-clamp the hose ever time.As usual , the Amazon shipping was fast and the item arrived without a scratch on it . ======================================================= UPDATE
 I purchased this unit about a year ago and I love it . I run a professional woodshop and use it every day . I have it hooked to 6 different tools . All you have to do is when you run your hose place a blast gate before every tool . It has plenty of power to run two tools at a time . Which means I close 4 of them when not in use . Usually on the average day i use my table saw and compond miter the most so they are usually open . I also bought a flour attachment that i mounted in the middle of my wook table and it works like a down draft.Besides you could buy two of these to equal the price of one of the next size up .
 I 've used it with my bandsaw and planer -LRB- still working on fitting it to the table saw -RRB- , and it works great . The shop stays clean , I stay clean . It is noisy , but quieter than using a shop vac system and does n't add that much more over the tools.I have the same complaint as others have mentioned . The little crossbeam on the intake would collect debris and clog stuff up when I ran the planer . 30 seconds with a pair of pliers and it has n't clogged since .
 After putting off a dust collection system for way too many years , I finally researched and bought this unit . I use it on a table saw , lathe , and band saw . With some adapters I may eventually use it on my planer and router table as well -LRB- where I currently use a powerful shop vac -RRB- . As far as dust collection systems go this is one of the smaller units , but very effective for use on one machine at a time . It is highly portable and as long as I keep my shop neat -LRB- ! -RRB- it is easy to roll from machine-to-machine . I have found the collector to be very effective for eliminating fine dust from cutting and sanding at the lathe . Dust collection from a table saw is more problematic and this unit helps , but does not solve this problem . To effectively collect dust from a table saw you need to draw air from both the cabinet and from above the blade -- something I am not set-up to do and this unit is probably not suited to do.This unit does have two small shortcomings . I echo what other reviewers have said and agree that the grate installed in front of the motors blades clogs easily on larger pieces of sawdust -LRB- especially those curly tangles off the lathe -RRB- or sandpaper . For better or worse , those little pieces of sheet metal that make up the grate are ... easily misplaced . The other problem is the hose that comes standard with the collector . The hose is too short and too stiff , unless you 're just hooking the unit into a fixed duct system , or if all your machinery is easily accessed from the rear . Otherwise , you 'll also want to find a longer and more flexible vac hose -- another five feet would solve a lot of problems.Overall , this unit is great value for the money , and a very inexpensive investment in your health !
 This DC does a good job for the money . It 's probably best suited for a shop under 300-350sf . I did find assembly a bit of a pain . Poor choice of hardware . Side supports are a bit flimsy until the brace goes on , almost mandating a 2 person setup . I added a particle separator from Woodcraft which collects the large chips and only the dust goes on to the bag . A clear collection bag would make it easier to see how full it is as opposed to the cloth one provided . Overall , it does a pretty good job for the money . Definately need this over a shop vac for a planer or other heavy chip producers .
 The unit does a good job . I have it tied to three shop units . My biggest problem is with my bandsaw -LRB- Rigid -RRB- which only has a 2 '' dust port , and there are no good adapters to reduce the 4 '' hosing down to 2 '' -LRB- only 2-1/2 '' that I could find -RRB- and had to gerry-rig with duct tape an arrangement that works `` okay . '' Unit needs a slightly taller top bag hook .
 I 've had my unit for nearly a year and I 'm quite happy with it . It easily keeps up with my Dewalt 13 '' planer , which is why I bought . It also works great on my mini-lathe and for floor sweeping . I have a vortex barrel inline in front of it that takes out the big chunks and wood flakes . That way the cloth filter bag lasts a LONG time before emptying . For those of you who have trouble putting the bag on , follow the instructions
 I have a typical 2 car garage that is never large enough to fit all the stuff that is in it , let alone two or even one cars . I am mostly relegated to doing things that create a mess - mechanical , carpenty , etc - in the garage , and I have a typical layout . Table saw , jointer / planer , miter saw , drill press , grinder , router table , etc.It 's not good when dust from woodworking gets all over the other things that share the garage with the woodworking machinery such as my bike and tractor . So I decided it was time to step up from the shop vac and get a dust collector -LRB- especially since I got the jointer planer ; that thing creates a pile of shavings and dust -- -RRB- Among other things i am cheap so I shopped for a good price among brands I knew . I have a Delta drill press and miter saw that are the cheaper line made in China . They have worked great for me . And based on that I bought the Delta dust AP400 collector for a very reasopnable price.It 's very well built , goes together easily , and is more than enough for my needs and any I might grow in to . I am currently using it with flexible hose but it will easily drive a nice multidrop installation.It is quieter than my shop vac , moves easily on it ; s casters , and is a small enough foot print that I can find multiple spots for it even in my crowded garage.It takes care of the jointer output no problem . SO I am very happy with it .
 The unit does a fine job for my cabinet saw but do n't expect it to perform like the higher priced suckers . Value is pretty good and I 'm pleased with the purchase . It took over a month to get here though . Every one of my last orders -LRB- thousands of dollars -RRB- took way way way too long to get here . I 'm about to cancel a couple of orders that I have been waiting for for several weeks now . What 's up amazon ? This is the second time that I 'm writting this . Why do you think that it never got posted ? Is this an amazon secret that reveiws are screened ?
 I have had the product for over a year . As noted by others the bag change is a problem -LRB- painful and dirty -RRB- . I have a small shop area and this machine fit in space I had . I did add one of the separators that fit on a trash can and it worked fair for me . The bags seem to leave a little more fine duct in the shop than I wanted . I put on Penn State Industry oversized 1 micro bags which improved the working of the separator and the decreased the dust . All in all , a good choice for a small shop . I wish I had more room as I would put in a larger one as I have a large planer and this model is just a little undersized for it .
 I bought this for a cheaper jet table saw and it works well . Easy to assemble and the casters are pretty good too . It took a couple of tries to clip the bottom bag on . A helping hand would have made that easier . I had to buy an adapter to connect the large hose to the smaller saw connection . I have n't changed/emptied the bag yet .
 I 've configured this with a T and two slid shut outlets . On one end is the hose for the planer and on the other I have slid on/off connectors for use with a radial arm saw and a jointer . It sucks up all the particles except in rare instances when a chip blocks the mechanism or dust clogs in the dust hose -LRB- usually when the planer blades are dull -RRB- . I 'd buy this machine again without hesitation . It 's also easy to remove and reinstall the bag once you get the knack for it .
 This product has exceeded my expectations , however , this is my first dust collector so I do n't have anything to compare it to .
 I 've been using this dust collector for about a year now and it beats the crud out of using a noisy shop vac for dust collection -LRB- not to mention being able to use 4 '' DC ports -RRB- . This unit is well made and pulls any amount of shavings I make from my jointer or planer . I 've read about user modifications made to this unit regarding the ridiculous crossbar over the intake that is intended to keep curious morons from sticking their hands up or sucking grenades into the spinning impeller . This same safety device has the unfortunate side effect of making the machine extremely susceptible to clogging . While I would never endorse making such modifications , the crossbar on mine magically , umm . . disappeared while I was assembling it , very likely around the time I plugged in my grinding tool.Performance - I estimate this machine pulls 99 % of dust and shavings from all of my tools that are equipped for dust collection -LRB- jointer , planer , router table -RRB- . The exception is my table saw which , as anyone who owns a contractor-style table saw knows , is not designed very well for dust collection . It also works great for vaccuming the floor of the shop after using the lathe . Just do n't get it near any stray plastic bags , screws , wooden blocks , or soda cans , or you 'll be treated to a semi-horrifying sound . It really does move quite a bit of air , and I would argue with anyone who claims their shop vac does a better job . Unless , of course , their shop vac was the size of a refrigerator . There is a noise level to contend with , but it 's more of a loud hum than the head-splitting whine you get with a shop vac.Fit and Finish - The unit is soundly made . The bags are sturdy and the frame is made from decently heavy gauge sheet metal . The bar that supports the top bag is the only piece that seems to be not up to par . Actually , it 's where the bar joins the sheet metal on the frame that is the problem . The weight of the bag tends to make the bar sag . This is a minor problem , as the bag fully supports itself when the machine is turned on and the bag becomes inflated.The biggest problem I have with the machine is bag removal - especially the bottom bag . It 's not actually the removal part that bugs me ; the bags come off just fine . It 's putting them back on that 's a pain . I 've come to learn that if you fold the hem of the top of the bag over the locking strap , it makes it easier to replace the bag . Then when you have it in place and are ready to flip the locking tab , you have two options
 This is a good dust collector , and is a must if you are using a planer or table saw . It is relatively quiet and efficient . The only downside is the 30 micron bags which tend to leach a bit of fine dust into the air . But for the price of this unit , it ca n't be beat . It comes with a good quality 5 ' hose , which is adequate for most operations . The stand is very solid and mobile . Since it is on castors , you can position it next to your work . This is the perfect DC to run one machine at a time , and I would not hesitate to buy it again !
 Have had the AP400 for a couple of months now and have had the same broblem with clogging on the planer as another reviewer , shavings getting hung up on the little cross bars at the inlet . I solved the problem with a slight modification -LRB- it involved metal snips -RRB- and it now works fine with no clogging ! I have it connected with overhead pipe system -LRB- standard old galvinized vent pipe from my local home center -RRB- with T 's coming off to four different machines with blast gates on each T to allow one at a time to be used . Works great you do n't have to keep fooling with the large hose moving from one machine to another , just close and open blast gates as needed . When not in use I can disconnect the hoses that run from the blast gates at the T 's down to each machine and roll all the equipment out of the way -LRB- I am set up in my garage works great .
 Great suction and pulls everything into it without hesitation ! I tried splitting the hose to connect it to my jointer , planer and table saw . That was a nice idea , but it does n't have to power for that . It 's designed to be used with one machine and a 4 '' hose . I suppose if you had two machines with 2 '' outlets , you could do it - otherwise , for one machine at a time , this one is fantastic!I was pleasantly surprised by how quiet it was - I was expecting it to sound like a hurricane in my garage .
 Just got the AP400 and it had no problems when connected to my Delta 12.5 '' planer . I was planing 1X8 kiln dried cedar and I had no clogging problems at all . I used it extensively on my table saw and the dust fog I had been living with when ripping was no longer there . I would highly recommend this collector to anyone who has a small shop and wants to connect one machine at a time .
 I bought my AP400 about 6 months ago and I 'm lovin it . Like other reviewers , it clogged up when used with my planner , so , like other reviewers I made a modification . It now handles the big stuff from the planner without any problem . So neat . It collects probably 99 % of the waste from my planner . I move it from tool to tool , but it is very easy to reconnect to the next tool , just taking a few seconds . I am not encouraging or suggesting others to make any modifications .
 I 've owned this DC for over a year , and it 's a great machine ! I 'm back to order another one , so I do n't have to keep moving mine around the shop all the time . I ca n't see spending $ 300 and up for a machine that does the same thing -- remove sawdust ! Unless you want a big one and you 're going to run hoses all over the shop -LRB- I hate that -RRB- . I do n't think noise is an issue , either . I 've had phone conversations while the dust collector is still running . Highly recommend it , as well as most Delta tools !
 I do the one tool at a time thing.It has no problems with my planer -LRB- usually the toughest job for a dust collector -RRB- . I even use it to clean the floor in the garage.I 've never had a problem with this unit when using it as it is designed . Its the best deal out there for dust collection.Hope this helps .
 For a small shop , this collector is outstanding . I did not have any problems getting the hoses to stay put -LRB- as other reviewers have -RRB- after tightening the clamp down tight . The unit is a bit noisy , but its moving a lot of air at a very high motor RPM . I use hearing protection when running it . Its not the most expensive unit , but it is built well and works great . I also bought the Delta AP050 connector pack - with an extra 20 ' of hose . If you do n't need all the clamps it might be cheaper to piece it out and buy a hose a and couple of adapters.This thing has enough suction to suck up a metal ratchet , a tape measure or chunk of 2X4 . I want to note here DO NOT CUT OUT THE PROTECTIVE METAL CROSS PIECES in the inlet of the motor as is touted elsewhere on the internet . If you 're sucking up things big enough to clog those , you should be sweeping the floor instead of sucking up giant debris . I cut the cross pieces out of mine and sucked up a big cotton cloth . T-shirst and cotton cloths will bent the impellers -LRB- wood is fine -RRB- ! No big deal to straighten them , but they have to be straight or you get vibration . I 've done it twice.This is a great dust collector at a fair price . Wear some earplugs and you wo n't be sorry !
 I 've had this about a month and think it is great . My major piece of equipment is a radial arm saw and it beats the shop vac I was using hands down . I have plans of hooking it up to several small machines with blast gates . I 'll only be using one at a time and do n't think there will be any problems . The only negative I really have is the same as some other reviewers . The shipping stinks . If I had been home when the package arrived I would have refused it . To my surprise nothing was missing from the broken open box and other than a little scuffed paint there was no damage . While I like to scuff my own paint on a new item it was n't that bad . Although it is n't Amazon 's fault that the box was torn up in transit it will make me think twice about ordering such a large item from them again.So far I really like the machine .
 I should of ordered this item many years ago I ca n't imagine working in my shop withoutit . The PROBLEM was in the shipping & handling . It came damaged to the extent that it could not be assembled and if it had been able to be assembled it would of damaged the motor if started . Since I am in the crafts I was able to repair this item and now use it every day.I think that the packageing could of been more stoute for shipping.It 's to bad that a company with the reputation of Delta would of shipped such a product without watching the quality of the packageing .
 The product was recieved a week sooner than expected but the box was not in the best of shape . In assembling the product I noticed a dent in the cover but everything ran well . I have used the product many times and it works very well .
 Nice unit , I 've always been happy with delta products . BUT , The shipment took OVER 1 MONTH with no explanation . This is the second big tool that I 've purchased from Amazon.com and the last . Unacceptable
 This wrench has helped me out of some serious jams and is one of my favorite tools .
 I purchased the Ratcheting Pipe Wrench for my handyman husband some time ago , thinking it looked like a good idea , but afraid that as is often the case , it would turn out to be another good-idea-gone-bad . Not the case with this one , though . The thing my husband liked the most - it did n't slip . No more smashed knuckles !
 I bought this unit because I noticed that my furnace filter was turning the color of sawdust a few days after I bought a table saw . I did not like the idea of that stuff going into the heating system , but especially hated the thought of inhaling it.I bought this instead of some of other similar units -LRB- e.g. the Jet -RRB- because of some complaints that those ones had poor packaging . My furnace filter has been clean ever since . In the winter I just turn the furnace off when I go into the shop -LRB- in the cellar -RRB- and the Delta on and let the Delta run for 1/2 hour or so after I leave the shop -LRB- which is 25 ft x 18 ft x 7 ft high -RRB- . Before I turn the heat back on the shop is perfectly clean and the furnace 's air filter no longer gets dirty.This was packed securely and is working fine . It has a low metalic whine but it does not seem to interfere with anything . I have had it for a few months . I especally like the on-off switch that is located in the middle of the power cord . I have the unit mounted on a tall -LRB- 4 ft. high -RRB- table and plugged into the ceiling socket so I can turn it on when I am walking down the steps into the shop . With that power switch setup I have no need for a remote control which adds $ to the cost.To keep from buying the expensive Delta replacements I went to the local home improvement store and bought 6 filters 14 in . x 24 in by 1 in . for about $ 3.00 . They are a little larger than the air-intake end of the Delta unit . I took a strip of wrapping tape -LRB- thick scotch tape about 2 in . wide -RRB- and put it across the top of that -LRB- very light -RRB- furnace filter . I then took one of those non-toxic glue sticks that are used to seal envelopes -LRB- that you can get at any office supply store -RRB- and applied glue across the area where the tape would meet the metal of the Delta unit -LRB- across the top -RRB- . The glue was strong enough to hold the filter securely over the outside of the unit where the Delta air-intake filter resides and it filters out a great deal of the sawdust etc. . When you want to change the filter , the glue offers hardly any resistance and you can pull the old one off and repeat the process with another $ .50 filter.I have even used the air blower on my Shop-Vac to blow out the accumulated dust of that home improvement filter when I did not have the time to change it.You do n't even have to go through that if you just hold the 14 x 25 x 1 filter against the Delta and turn the power on , the suction will hold the filter against the Delata unit . It will just fall on its face when you turn the unit off.I took a star off because of the slight metalic whine and because I am not sure how long it will last yet .
 I 've been using the AP200 since Oct 2003 in my home and garage during a year long project that included removing the popcorn ceiling throughout the house , sanding drywall joint compound and ripping/cutting 1000 sq ' of laminate wood flooring . I realized I needed an air cleaner after cutting flooring for a small room left a cloud of dust in my garage for days.I looked at the Shop Vac air cleaner and Delta 50-875 but decided on the AP200 because I did n't need the remote control , timer or 3 speeds . It also did n't hurt that the AP200 received a `` Best Buy '' review in the Oct 2003 issue of American Woodworker magazine . The AP200 did better than the 50-875 in testing because the disposable filter had less blow through than the more expensive washable filter . Also the average CFM of the 50-875 was only 25 CFM more than the AP200 . Buy the 50-875 only if you need the extra features and higher CFM . As I see it the AP200 cleans air just as good if not better than the 50-875 and have the features that can fail or be damaged during shipping.I finally decided to hang my AP200 from the ceiling of my garage and ended up using angle iron like the stuff used to mount garage door opener and rails . It will take some work to get the ceiling joist , air cleaner mounting holes and angle iron spacing just right but it 's possible . Now I can change or vacuum a dirty filter without the air cleaner swinging back and forth on chains.To prevent dust from blowing around the outer filter into the 3 pocket filter you can tape the sides of the filter to the frame of the air cleaner using packing tape . Standard sized 12 '' x 24 '' x 1 '' furnace filters are about 1/4 '' larger than the ones that come with the AP200 so they ca n't fit without modification . I ended up just taping a better -LRB- hepa style -RRB- 12 '' x 24 '' x 1 '' furnace filter to the pleated outer filter . Just make sure the air is going through the filters and not around them . In theory this `` double outer filter '' setup should cut the overall CFM a bit but it 's not noticeable.The AP200 is a must have for any serious DIYer .
 Excellent filtering capabilities at a very nice price sum up this product . The unit arrived packaged very carefully and sufficiently . I like the handles that allow you to move the unit around and the ability to mount it to the ceiling using the included hardware -LRB- except for the chain or cable -RRB- . Unless you mount the unit very high , you really do n't need a remote switch since the unit has a switch on the cord that cam be reached easily with most installations -LRB- my ceiling is 9 ' high -RRB- . The unit is certainly not quiet but it is not loud either . The noise blends in the background easily after some time and I have hearing protection on most of the time during its use anyway so I do n't even hear that hum.Now to the performance . This unit is a true performer . I have a woodworking shop that is a little over 200 square feet and the air filter keeps it nice and clean even during hours of fine sanding.To test the unit -LRB- and clean up my shop after months of dust has settled everywhere -RRB- , I put on a mask and goggles and turned the unit on . The I blew all the dust off the tools , shelves and everything around the shop with compressed air and left the room with the unit running . When I returned about 15 minutes later , the air was perfectly clear and the unit has captured about 90 % of the dust from the room before it had the chance to hit the floor . I did the same thing again and ended up with a very nice and clean shop to start the new era of air filtration.My nose is the best indicator of a dusty environment and it has been very clear since the installation of the air cleaner . What a difference .
 I do quit a bit of woodworking in my garage , with the inevitable result that everything gets covered with dust . This unit has made a huge difference.It can be mounted on the ceiling , wall , or used on the floor.It is heavy so I mounted 4 casters on it and built a small lipped top for it -LRB- screwed on both with metal screws -RRB- . I can pull it where needed and have it serve a small table to hold tools.It is somewhat noisy , but has all but elinnated the dust problem and makes the workspace much more productive .
 I specialize in business remodels and presently am remodeling individual labs in a water testing laboratory . Dust is always a problem and not easy to control . After reading about the Shopmaster , I decided to give one a try . I bolted the Shopmaster to an inexpensive handtruck with the intake end positioned at the handles . This keeps the filters from falling out when moving the unit . Removing a few screws allows you to remove the internal fan unit , allowing easy access for attaching the bolts . Now all I have to do is roll the Shopmaster into a lab , position it so the exhaust blows into the hallway , plug it in and turn it on . Covering up the return air vents in the work area will keep dust from getting into the heating/cooling system and allow the Shopmaster to filter all the dust . It works great and I am pleased with the results .
 Product arrived 1 day earlier than stated - packaged very well - instuctions on unpackaging done very well - unit put in place and has been working extremely well ever sinceAs per an previous review - I attached an additional standard size filter on the intake side of the unit -LRB- I purchased the filter at a home improvement store at 1/3 the cost of the delta filters and just used masking tape to put the unit in place -RRB- because of the cost of replacing the non-standard delta filters
 I received the filter system quickly -- something I did n't expect given the free shipping!The unit works well in my garage where I do a lot of sanding and lathe work . The replacement pre-filters are expensive , so I 'm thinking of cutting down furnace filters as others have suggested . However , overall the unit is great
 I 've had my AP200 since early 2006 . It does a nice job with my basement workshop , where I use a table saw , router and planer to build hobby projects . I have not found a reason to look for anything better . I find it works best on the floor where it can collect settling dust . We sometimes use it together with a leaf-blower to dust the garage and other rooms in the house . -LRB- A good dust mask is recommended . -RRB- A few people have commented on the price of Delta replacement filters , which are slightly smaller than some standard filters . Be aware that less expensive , high quality filters can be found.Most standard filters have actual dimensions that are a bit smaller than the nominal size . A typical 12x24x1 filter might actually be 11.75 x 23.75 x .75 or 11.625 x 23.625 x .75 -LRB- both too big for the AP2000 -RRB- . However , there are companies whose 12x24x1 is actually 11.5 x 23.5 x .75 -- which is a perfect fit -LRB- sort of -RRB- for my AP200 -- Endust is one such filter I can buy locally , and a three-pack of Merv-6 pleated filters can be had for about the price of ONE Delta filter . As with the Delta , I can extend the life of my filters by vacuuming out sawdust , etc.Sort-of perfect fit means perfect in the 23.5 dimension , and perfect-once-installed in the 11.5 dimension . From what I recall , the Delta filters are 11.375 , so you can push it up into the top track , then swing the bottom over the bottom track and drop it into place . The extra 1/8 inch of my filters requires that I gently bend the filter to swing the bottom into the track , but once in , it is a nice snug fit.I would not hesitate to recommend the AP200 for a small home workshop . But look around for alternative outer filters .
 The Delta AP200 was delivered earlier than predicted and is everything it is advertised to be . I followed the directions and had it up and running within an hour . I have a 16 ' x 20 ' shop with 8 ft. ceiling and it changes the air in minutes . I do a lot of fine sanding and can produce quite a cloud in the air . The air filter clears the shop quickly . I use my air compressor to stir up the dust and the air cleaner takes out the dust leaving me with a nearly dust free shop . This is 5 star for me .
 First and foremost , this unit performs the function it was intended for extremely well . When combined with a cyclone DCS , these two items keep my shop far cleaner than it was a few years ago . My only complaint would be that the unit will only accept Delta filters , which are ridiculously expensive . It is within about a half inch of accepting a standard size filter that is readily available at most home improvement stores , but those filters are slightly to large to fit . Hmm , wonder if that was intentional ?
 This product does what it is supposed to do -- which sounds like damning with faint praise but is really kind of unusual in this day and age . I used for a craft project where I used the flux on a rubber stamp , applied it to copper and then torched the copper . The design from the stamp was left on the metal . It is subtle and takes some experimentation , but it works .
 I 've tried several different kinds of flux for stained glass/copper foil technique ... this is the best one yet ! You wo n't be disappointed . Will buy again -LRB- this is the second time I 've ordered it -RRB- .
 I like using this flux . It has very little smell or smoke . There is a little smoke and smell despite it saying it does not smoke or smell.The only negative thing I would say is that it is sticky and if you paint it onto small pieces that are foiled it will move them . The gel is thick and I wish it were just a little thinner so this did not happen .
 If you 've ever drilled and chiseled mortises by hand you 'll love the MM300 , it gets the job done , quickly . The Delta is solidly put together with plenty of power for deep mortises . Assembly is simple , no surprises , set up also without a hitch . If the MM300 has a weak spot it would be the fence . It does n't hold as well at times as I would like for it to , a trait not uncommon in mortisers in this price range . Overall a great little machine for the money , one that I would recommend to anyone .
 I just last week received the mortiser , put it together . The instructions were clear , only took a few minutes to assemble . I was surprised at the quality . The quality of Delta products -LRB- and Jet -RRB- varies wildly . I got a good one , it seems . I punched a dozen holes with each of the chisels in some mahogany scrap I had lying around , all were quite satisfactory . I have n't tried it yet on any of the hard maple or oak I usually work with . I 'll report back later if I have any problems . Menards wanted another -LSB- money -RSB- for their Jet model , without chisels . A set of 5 chisels is -LSB- money -RSB- . The Jet I checked out in the store was n't fit for use , sloppy dovetail , sticky slide . Be sure to get the preservative grease off the dovetail and gears , and grease it all before you use it . So far , I 'm having fun drilling square holes!Gary
 I 've had this mortise machine for a little over a year now . It has worked perfectly giving me square true mortises every time . Setup is quite simple and with a few shop made supports drillling mortises in long rails has never been easier . I 've only used the 3/8 '' , 1/4 '' and 5/16 chisels to date but none of them faltered . Note
 Who says you need to spend a lot of money to get a high quality miter saw ? This saw is just incredible . It has plenty of power and will slice through anything you throw at it . It has plenty of features , like side extentions and a clamp . And it comes with a 2 year warranty . If you want a high quality compound miter saw but you do n't want to spend tons of money , this is the saw for you . you wo n't be dissapointed !
 I was delightfully suprised on how quiet this machine is ! The accessory kit was a huge plus as well . It comes with quaility hose and plenty of connectors . This seemed like a great deal , and that is why is sounds like it is no longer available ! Sorry to all those who missed out .
 This is a great unit for a small shop but I wish that you had the option to order the 5 micron bags without calling delta and finding out what might fit . The 5 micron bags are available but they are listed for another Delta product . I found out that the bolts that come with it are really to small for it . I used 3/8 '' bolts instead of the 5/16 '' bolts . The holes are big enough and it seems to make the housing stronger . The holes in the base are also to big for the casters but they work . All in all it 's a good unit .
 I have purchased two of these handles to update my bathroom . Both toilets were a sidemount application . I agree with most reviewers that as designed , the lever is meant for front mount toilets . However the metal arm is easily bent to work for a side mount . I used my old plastic arm as a guide . Overall the quality is very good for the price . My only complaint , albeit minor , is that there is some play in the handle before the arm moves due to the universal nature .
 This is a great product . Easy to install , and functions nicely . I 've found that there are two variations of `` oil-rubbed bronze , '' with one having copperish highlights and others a solid dark bronze/brown color . These are the solid dark color . I bought some faucets for the bathroom , which are the highlighted type -LRB- link below -RRB- , but the shape of this lever blends nicely . I think my toilet paper holder is a Liberty brand from Bed Bath and Beyond , and these match perfectly . This also does n't hit the toilet lid on my toilet , and sits horizontal.Hardware House 12-2269 2-Handle Lavatory Faucet , Oil Rubbed Bronze
 Bought this to go in a small bathroom that had other `` oil rubbed bronze '' fittings in . The current fittings include Moen and Pegasus and this fit in perfectly and installing it was a breeze even for this non-mechanical girl . I am very happy with this product .
 I hate installing anything and I was thrilled at how EASY it was to install this lever . The instructions were clearly written and there were some illustrations to help . This little flusher lever is very attractive in it 's bronze finish and matches my other bronze accessories nicely .
 I bought this lever to go with the Spanish colonial style decor in our powder room . I am happy with the product , works perfectly and completes the look we were looking for .
 Since others have reviewed the funtionality of this product , I wo n't reiterate the previously formed statements - they 're true . However , my review is for the color of this series just in case you 're like me and ca n't find all the pieces and need to match colors . Well , if you have Delta 's and/or Moen 's oil-rubbed bronze items , this WILL NOT match at all ! It has a sort of like orange hue instead of the actual bronze that the above mentioned products have . I personally was surprised at this , thinking that I would be able to match Danco 's with Delta 's . It just wo n't work - the colors are really that different and varied . Personally , I prefer the Delta - it has an elegance and refinement in color cohesion that this Danco fails to exert . It just looks orange - great if you 're going for an Indian theme , however , or if you 're looking to do an art-deco bath . But , if you 're going for the contemporary or Victorian look , stick with Moen or Delta .
 This is a great product . None of the parts are plastic , which I 've found hard to find in stores in this finish . It 's a sturdy flusher .
 This is a wonderful and elegant toilet tank lever . I purchased this item recently and I am very pleased with it . It really adds a nice touch to my bathroom hardware . I enjoy the simple but artistic curvature to the lever which is aestheticly pleasing . I love oil rubbed bronze and I would purchase it again ! Thanks , Amazon .
 I had been looking for this style lever at all the home improvement stores . It was very easy to install , and looks great . I will be ordering another one when I remodel the other bathroom in our home . When I ca n't find something locally , I always go to Amazon -- I 've never been disappointed .
 I bought this to help complete the look of my bathroom . It was easy to install and adds a nice touch to the overall look . I was glad Amazon recommended it to go with the rest of my purchase .
 i AM SATISFIED WITH THIS TOILET HANDLE . i THOUGHT FOR THE PRICE IT MIGHT NOT BE SO GREAT BUT IT IS .
 THIS IS A PRACTICAL BUY . THE OILED BRONZE IS THE LATEST AND SOMETIMES HARD TO FIND AND/OR EXPENSIVE . AFTER BUYING ONE OF THESE , I WENT BACK AND BOUGHT ANOTHER FOR THE OTHER RESTROOM . THESE ARE UNIVERSAL AND EASY TO INSTALL .
 Was pleased to see and feel the quality . It 's not some lightweight cheapee ! Easy to install . Bought here for a lot less than Home Depot .
 Excellent quality . Good design details and item feels heavy -LRB- not cheap plastic things -RRB- . The oil rubbed bronze finish goes well with our Price Pfister Ashfield faucets . Instructions were clear and simple to understand . Definitely a quick and easy update .
 Love it ! Took only a couple of minutes to install them in my toilets to complete the renovated oil rubbed bronze look . Great design makes it easy to install for any type toilet with a handle . Wish all retrofits were this easy to use !
 This is a high quality lever at a great price . I was buying cheap $ 2 levers at local big box stores , but they 'd only last about 6-8 months before the plastic on the handle failed . This is a great looking replacement and now all my bathroom fixtures match ! See the photos I uploaded to this listing to see what it looks like on a white toilet .
 Fairly simple to install as my lever was on the front . Not sure how the side mount would work.If you want the bronze finish you have the right part with this lever .
 Looks good and is a well made handle ... feels very sturdy ... just took awhile to adjust chain length but reccomend this product !
 This handle is easy to instal and looks quite good . The finish is nice , with a relatively dark oil rubbed bronze color . The lever itself is quite heavy so that may cause a bit of a problem with some valves since it might create some lifting force that can eventually lead to leaks at the rubber flap in the tank . I prevented this from happening in my side mount application by turning the rod in the tank in a way that now flushing happens with lifting the lever instead of the more natural pushing . This may be strange for first time users -LRB- like guests and so -RRB- but works just fine : - -RRB- Also , Amazon 's price is pretty much the same like , say , Home Depot 's ... not what I 'm accustomed to , but hey , at least it 's not more expensive : - \
 I bought a Delta oil rubbed bronze flush handle and it was a complete piece of junk . I wound up throwing it out . This Danco model is well made andwas a breeze to install.The construction is heavy gauge . It feels very solid and is made of brass . The only con i have is that since it is a universal mount , the arm that holds theflapper chain has a wing nut & phillps head screw that can come loose . When this happens , the arm rubs the tank wall and thus the flapper sticks open.It does ' t happen often and takes a second to tighten the wing nut.Nice fit & finish , well made , and worth the price !
 This product exceeded my expectations . Heavy duty . It looks beautiful.Could not be happier with this selection . Color matched perfectly .
 Perfect match for the rest of my bathroom accessories . Installed it in about 5 minutes . I have had this about 8 months maybe more and it has given me no problems yet .
 What 's to say about a toilet lever ? Looks good , works , matches other items of oil rubbed bronze in the newly redecorated bathroom .
 WELL ITS WELL BUILT MY OLD ONE WAS SO LOOSE BENT POORLY BUILT THIS ONE IT STRONG AND WILL LAST FOREVER , A LOT BETTER THEN THE CHEEP ONES . THE OLD SAYING YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR GOOD LUCK
 I love this knob . It 's great !!! My toilet 's knob faces me and is not on the side . It works great !!! and looks phenomenal !!!! Very sexy !!! And way more durable than my plastic knob !
 im remodeling my bathroom and this was the perfect touch for my toilet cheap and looks great would recommend to others doing a oil rubbed bronze theme
 Great quality , matches other accessories in bath , works and looks great . A beautiful room needs every little detail finished . I installed it myself , it was easy
 Looks better than the on-line photos and has many adjustments to fit just about any toilet make . It added the finishing touch to my bathroom remodel ... I know it 's `` just '' a toilet lever but it is perfect !
 This piece was purchased to go with the Moen Danbury accessories in the bathroom and it matches very well . Works great , fits perfect and looks great !
 it ' really is a very nice piece . works well and is solidly made . I 'm happy with this purchase .
 All metal construction , best handle I have ever installed on a toilet . Has a very quality feel to it .
 I am happy with my purchase and would reccommend it to others who are looking for something like it .
 This is just what we needed to finish our bathroom remodel . The chrome handle that was sold with our new toilet was not pleasing with all of our oil rubbed bronze accessories . A good quality and price .
 We received our lever 2 weeks ago . I just installed it . The quality and ease of installation was good . I would definetly recommend this product .
 This was easy to install , but the nut holding the arm that raises the flapper valve chain occasionally loosened , resulting in diminished flush performance . Some thread sealer would remedy this .
 I ordered this lever because we re-modeled our main bath and put everything in there in oil-rubbed bronze . I forgot this and ordered last min . Perfect match
 Just what I was looking for to complete my bathroom with Oil-Rubbed Bronze fixtures . Great Service ! Will use again ! Love it !
 This little planer certainly exceed my expectations . I was used to a freestanding grizzley 24 '' planer untill I moved into a smaller location . I bought this for light duty planing , but was surprised at its power . It is easy to change the blades.I highly reccommend this for someone with limited space or limited funds .
 When I began shopping for a planer , price , unfortunately , was a big deciding factor in my selection . No need to worry , though - this ` lil guy is just the ticket for those of us on a woodworking budget!Setup out of the box was a snap with just a couple of pieces to install.Following the advice from the manual , I checked a couple of things - the feed and output tables needed only minor adjustment , and the knives were spot-on ... a handy gauge for checking the blade alignment is included with the machine , as well as a double-ended wrench that fits the table adjusters and knife set.As a trial run , I tried planing various pieces of rough-cut hard and soft wood I had lying about , and they all came out quite well . The calibrations for the thickness setting are dead-on , and after my test run , I happily ran about 96 lineal feet of 4 '' -6 `` wide rough-cut mahogany with not one problem.The key to success with this machine is making several small passes , not trying to shear the boards down in big bites.After taking my time , I was left with a half dozen 8 ' boards 3/4 '' thick and planed perfectly both sides . The feed rollers had a minor amount of trouble with the rough cut lumber , but after one pass , it ran through without a hitch , and only occasional assistance was required to keep things moving along.While perhaps not a machine for a contractor on a tight schedual , this little planer should suit the average home woodworker/hobbiest just fine .
 I hate buying foreign , but nearly all were foreign made . Even the ones costing 3 times this . We use it on jamb extensions , mullions , spines and what have you . Amazingly there is no start and end snipe ... no wasted stock , this very good . Also no `` big bites '' keeps everything running smoothly . One half to one turn of the crank is approx . 1/32 to 1/16 . The latter is a pretty good hunk across the board . Small boards bigger bites , large boards ... baby bites . Very little sanding is needed . When we are finished with a house , there is good pile of shavings in the garage . It keeps three men happy . I like the portability . It 's about 65lbs Every day I crank the head down on a piece of cardboard and put it in my trailer . There it rides till the next time . I have never experienced a discrepency because there is no head lock . I have never known the head to vibrate down , or up for that matter . I use a router and splines instead of a biscuit cutter , and biscuits . When I drive the spline in the slot , it is not sloppy on one end because the head moved . It is only as accurate as I am . Its a simple machine that does a superb job for the price , and that is all that I ask
 I was looking cheap , just to clean up some rough-hewn boards . The bottom-end Lowes had was the TP-305 -LRB- 12.5 '' vs TP-300 12.0 '' , otherwise EXACTLY the same -RRB- for $ 199 , so I got that.Into and BasicsFirst off , the TP-305 is single speed . Fine for my purposes . As someone else said , if you 're doing `` fine woodworking '' , you 'll sand with high-grit before calling it done.Everything is metal , and the handle on top doubles as a foam covered transfer roller . It 's very solid and stable , you know , for a `` portable '' . The belt drive is about 3/4 '' , versus about 2 '' for the Hitachi and DeWalt . Conversely , the belt on the Delta is fiber reinforced black rubber , like a fan belt , rather than being clear , plain rubber.There is supposedly a chain-drive for gear reduction , but I have n't dismantled it yet to lubricate them.SetupSecond , it was a snap to prepare . I pulled it out of the box . It 's maybe 75 or 80 pounds . OK if you lift right , or 2-person lift otherwise . It included the planer assembly , a dust chute with 2 fasteners , a hex wrench which fits in a slot on top , a magnetic blade tool , and a crank handle with hex-head fastener.I put it on top of a table . No LRF support , and there was a little flashing on the bottom , so do n't unpack this onto a nice table . Something like this should be bolted down . The deck holes are 1/4 '' , one on each corner . I used some washers and deck screws and that was more than enough to keep it stable.SAFETY PRECAUTIONSYou NEED earplugs . Yes , it is `` quiet '' compared to some shop planers/jointers , it 's still loud . Earmuffs should be OK , but I opted for spongy/expanding 33db earplugs . No problem there , but I was definitely deaf to the world.Also , goggles are a must . These two things are silly and simple , but just in case you did n't know . This might not be so important if they ever get immunology and organ cloning down , but since you 're limited to one set of eyes right now , best protect them from flying debris.If you want to reach , adjust , oil , or perform ANY maintenance , unplug your machine . `` I thought I was safe but something fell and flipped the switch '' would n't quite cut it with your friends.ALWAYS operate with the dust chute in place . The motor blows air into it and it sends the chips out the back . Without it , A -RRB- You 'll be covered in vertically launched curls , and more importantly B -RRB- The top of the cutter head will be exposed , which is very not safe.Keep distractions and horseplay away from this machine . This is not a toy , it 's an 8000 RPM spinning blade of doom . No playing . Period . OK ? JUNIOR !?!?! Are you LISTENING TO ME ! NO PLAYING . Ok . Good . Serious machine.SNIPER , NO SNIPING!As a portable planer goes , the fold-out tables are fairly small . I tried using Skill brand roller stands on each side to help hold the workpiece , but this planer loves to snipe on ingress.Tilt your board down into the planer about 5 degrees , and do n't cut deep and you 'll limit it . Even so , every board has a 2-3 '' spot that 's maybe 1/32 '' thinner than the rest of the length.Egress snipe is alleviated by lifting ever so slightly on the workpiece for the final stretch . If you do n't get it , you 'll hear the motor change speed as it chews into the end . It 's really just the design of the rollers . I think you 'd probably get snipe even if you made your own full-length table flush with the input.With 12 '' boards , snipe was not very noticeable , whereas with 4 '' boards , it was always very noticeable.Blade LifespanThe blades that came with it do well , but it 's only 2 blades . It goes through them fairly quickly . Newer wood is fine . I made several passes on both sides of rough hewn cedar . All was well . I sent through some 12 '' rough cedar with 25 year crusty paint , and it was n't really happy with that.It 's 2mm per turn and on 12 '' stock with fresh blades you can do that . When you get to 1/3 turn and it still drops the RPMs significantly , you 're past the life of the blades.I got to this point after removing 3/16ths from each side of 40 feet of 4 '' wide cedar , and about 1/8th from each side of a 6 ' long 12 '' piece of paint encrusted cedar . It seems that the wider board heats the blades more , especially the old , rubbery paint , and once they heat up , the edge fades MUCH more rapidly.Signs your planer blades are dullThe machine emits dust and not curls.The machine leaves roller rubber on the workpiece.The wood peels along the grain in very thin strip.The motor slows down , but there is no output.The rollers stop feeding.The workpiece becomes polished , even glassy.The workpiece is noticeably warm to the touch.Running the workpiece through a second time at the same setting till slows the motor.Blade ReplacementsI 'm thinking I 'll see if I can design the same at http://www.emachineshop.com out of something harder under heat , but you know , since I do n't REALLY have the skill for that , I picked up a couple sets of spare blades when I got the planer . The spares were $ 26/set and made of `` High Speed Steel '' . I do n't know the specific grade , but truly , they went south REALLY quickly on the wider , painted boards.Blade Swap proceduresThe swap is fairly easy , though they are initially installed with an impact wrench . Breaking the screws the first time gave off sparks on three . Freaky . Anyway , you access the six screws by : A -RRB- Unplug the machine . Yes , UNPLUG IT . Switches have been known to fail in this universe . Do n't risk it.B -RRB- remove the two thumbscrews on the top.C -RRB- Remove the dust chuteD -RRB- Turn the head with `` the tool '' such that you an access one side of the head . Adjust the machine height , or rotate the head such that the tool clears the handle/rollerbar . E -RRB- Loosten the screws such that the black plate ALMOST comes loose . Test one screw for proper sizing . I think this is about a 16th of an inch.F -RRB- Use the little split magnet tool to scoop under the blade , lift up off of the retaining pins , and pull out.WARNING The blade may be hot if it 's recently been used , especially if it 's really dull.G -RRB- spin the blade.WARNING The sharp side of the blade is SHARP ! I know this seems like an idiot thing to say , but if you are n't careful , I will mock you for your bloodletting experience . Yes , I 'm secretly watching you.H -RRB- Slid in , align such that it drops down properly -LRB- ie , the retaining pins are in the holes -RRB- . I -RRB- Tighten the screws , starting with the ends and working your way in . In generaly , thumb-tighten all of them , then torque them down afterward to make sure alignment is good.J -RRB- Repeat for the other side of the head . -LRB- ie . always swap/replace BOTH blades at the same time -RRB- . MiscellaneousCheck your belt shroud , a burgundy curve of plastic on the top right of the machine . Mine had too much flashing in the channels and did n't seat properly . I did n't notice until it had been carved/sanded away severely.The deck plate is polished steel . You can see the cutter head and rollers clearly in it . It 's really cool , and might come in handy should something jam or clog . REMEMBER NOT TO TOUCH THE HEAD WITH YOUR FINGERS UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE CUT.Yes , I used first and second person in a review.Despite the warning that this is not a toy , etc. , it 's VERY fun , or at least satisfying , to see what a machine like this can do.SUMMARYThis is cheap . Snipe will happen . Rollers , an assistant , or a full-sized and aligned table are greatly helpful . Blades dull quickly on older wood with old rubbery paint .
 This planer is decent for the money . I bought it at Lowe 's for $ 199 and it has served me fairly well.It 's getting harder to find the knives for the planer locally so I now need to order them from the Internet , which is fine though if you need a replacement set it 's nice to know that you can go and get the blades locally.The planer does n't have a height lock so the vibration from the machine will make change the height after planing several boards . Snipe is minimal if everything is in aligned correctly .
 By now , this unit probably considered defunct but , what the heck , at my age so am I. I 've had this little powerhouse for 2.5 years now and I 'm still using the same set of knive and they have never been rotated . Now , granted , I 'm not a tradesman or heavy user but as a weekend furniture builder I have few complaints.I use primarily hardwood such as cherry , walnut , hickory and some soft maple and the motor of this unit never breaks stride . Oh sure , they all change pitch once the knives meet the board but it does n't sound like it 's progressively losing speed . Of course , you are going to get a better cut and a smaller snipe with shallow cuts so when you get within 3/16 '' of your final dimension I would recommend cutterhead height adjustments of 1/4 turn or less along with a firm lift on the board on the outfeed side of the operation . The rollers do seem to have an issue grabbing some rough cut lumber and some of the framing pines that feel slick to the touch but I rarely have to push to assist feeing the machine.The quality of the finished cut will , of coarse , be largely determined by the condition of your knives so I 'm not so sure the normal , high quality finish is a factor of the machine 's aptitude so much as that they have chosen a good combination of general purpose head speed and an optimum feed rate along with those sharp knives.I have seen several other reviews mention that the cutterhead moves due to the lack of a lock on the head adjustment crank but my machine has not produced this fault , thank goodness . If I was buying on a limited budget I would n't hesitate buying a used unit given that it passed a pre-purchase inspection and rigorous test , looking for feed issues , dull knives , a motor which changes pitch more than normal -LRB- If you do n't know what that is consider taking a buddy along and rmember that terribly dull knive can produce this . -RRB- and a head which wo n't stay at your chosen point . This little machine is money well spent .
 I found the Delta TP300 planer very easy to use.My friend had one and I was familiar with the product.I looked at many other -LRB- slightly more expensive -RRB- planers available.But decided to go with this planer and order it on Amazon.com.It was delivered fast and set up easy right out of the box.The instructions were good and as far a power tools go , it was very easy to adjust and use.But most important , it did an excellent job planing rough stock wood.The surface came out great!And after some infeed/outfeed adjusting , I got very little snipe on the ends.I think this is a product that really delivers .
 this is a good little machine for light duty planing it does good on pretty much soft and hardwoods but we got it used though from a pawn shop do n't take anything deeper than 1/16 delta stuipedly disconintue i would recommed do n't send wood with wet or dy paint period . the only reason i think that people conplain about it or pretty much anything is because they suck bad at wood and or do n't know how to take care of it or use it or ca n't wait ofr it to do its job believe my review i hate the 3 2 and 1 star ratings 4 and 5 is better or do n't own it .
 light weight portable planers with power . Easiest one I 've ever had to change blades on -LRB- only takes about 10 minutes -RRB- nice feed rate and no chatter .
 This planer is well worth the money . It goes thru 2x6 lumber nicely and leaves a super smooth finish . Great Deal
 Ok , I read the reviews ... I assembled the tool with critical attention to detail and here is what I have realized . This drill press is well worth the ticket price . The assembly is straight forward -LRB- although messy due to rust inhibiting oils -RRB- and can be completed in about 20 minutes . This unit has n't rated very high on Amazon but the user complaints that I have read about are easily avoidable .1 -RRB- The fact that changing speeds is a manual process on this unit -LRB- disconnecting and reconnecting belts and pulleys -RRB- seems to be a blessing - the variable speed mechanisms on other units are a source of aggravating maintenance .2 -RRB- Setting the chuck is simple and effective . FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS and clean the hardware -LRB- spindle and chuck -RRB- before setting the component . Delta recommends an oven cleaner / degreaser which worked beautifully . If ANY OIL remains on either component , the chuck wo n't set properly and will eventually come off .3 -RRB- Complaints about wobbly bits and seemingly misaligned chucks are most likely caused by two factors
 I just started to learn cabinetry , and realized that I would need to use large Forstner bits . Due to the shear size there is no way I could ever mount them in a hand drill . Also , Forstner bits typically require low RPM which is hard to control with a hand drill.Enter the drill press ... I did some on-line research and found this model Delta to be generally well-received . I was torn between buying a full floor model instead of a bench-top drill . After putting this unit through its paces , I do not regret my decision!The setup only took me about 20 minutes , as noted by the other reviewers . I wiped off the anti-corrosive oil with some brush cleaner . It attacked the paint on the base a little , but not enough to worry about.Some have said to save a few dollars by buying one of the lower models . However , after drilling holes for Blum hinges , I can honestly say that having the rack-and-pinion table lifter makes adjustments much easier . The light was very useful for locating the marks that I center-punched . I paid $ 97 at Lowe 's for this drill press , and it has been worth every penny!Changing speeds is quite simple . I have used variable systems like the DP350 has . While nice , I found them to be annoying because you really do n't know exactly what speed the drill is set to . With belt-driven wheels , you set the exact speed that you need based on the material and bit.The induction motor is whisper quiet . All you 'll hear is a hum until the bit hits the wood . Then it 's all business !
 This is a very nice light-to-medium duty drill press suitable for the occasional user . After reading the other review here , I was wary about the quality , but the press has served me well . The thing is built like a rock ; the local post office people could not believe a tool this heavy was shipped through conventional mail . -LRB- I took advantage of a free super-savings shipping deal from Amazon . -RRB- The assembly took a very easy twenty minutes , much of which time was wiping off the corrosion-resistant packaging grease -LRB- have a few old disposable rags for this purpose available -RRB- . All the parts and special tools are included . Some of these you may not need ; example , the tie-down bolts for anchoring the base to a bench . These are only necessary for a permanent mounting or if the unit wobbles during operation ; I did not need them . My only minor gripe is that the variable speed feature requires resetting the drive belt manually , but this is certainly something with which I can live . I love the little adjustable gooseneck light . It operates independently of the drill press and can be used as a general workbench lamp . Procure a 40-watt -LRB- max -RRB- reflector bulb -LRB- like is used for track lighting -RRB- for this purpose . I think it is a great buy .
 My local Lowe 's has this drill press for 89.99 and last week-end it was on sale for 20 % off which made it pretty amazingly cheap to pass up.It is well made and solid and , for the price , incredible . I 've been making due in my shop without a drill press , using my hand drill -LRB- which was more than the $ 69 I paid for this machine -RRB- on a guide . I 'm very glad to have this.I 've found it to be true , and smooth running . Time will tell about durability , but for $ 69 it has to be a five-star item.Couple of tips . Lots of machine grease everywhere . Wear gloves -LRB- I wear latex gloves in my shop which work great -RRB- or be prepared to get your hands really messy . Use a good solvent off the bat and take the oil off . I used acetone , which attacks the paint Delta uses , but I do n't care . It eliminated all the oil from the chuck and cone and allowed me to seat it well on the first go.Do get it bolted down , despite what the instructions say . It 's a heavy machine , but much of the weight is in the motor -LRB- high -RRB- so better be safe than sorry .
 I do a significant amount of woodworking , espescially cabinet making , and I used to envy the large floor drill presses that you see in professional shops . However , I have found no need to graduate from my current Delta 10 '' drill press to a larger one . I have been extrememly pleased with the precision and smooth performance my drill provides and would highly reccomend it to any woodworker who will not need to drill mortises in the end of bedposts or other long items.For every-day use I can think of no other drill I would rather have . For those who use a drill frequently , a more functional table should be made or bought that allows for greater flexibilty in clamping and use of a fence . For those who complain about the size of the provided table , they ought to examine the competition . Delta has provided a table comparable to most manufacturers and provided mounting locations for a larger table attachment.The motor has been ample to power through oak , maple , and other hardwoods , even with large forstner bits . I have no concerns about the need for any larger motor.Size envy with drill presses can often cause a person to over-spend and buy a tool that far exceeds the needs of the owner . I would consider the material that you will be drilling most often and see if a full-size drill press will truly be necessary . I know that many large drill presses have a large variety of speeds , as many as 18 , but the most commonly needed speeds are available on the 10 '' press.Overall I highly reccomend this drill press to anyone who does not absoultly need a full sized drill press .
 The Delta DP200 is n't a particularly fancy drill press -- no electronic speed contol , for example . But what do you actually NEED in a drill press ? * Smooth operation * predictable and adjustable speed with good torque * easily set and repeatable depth control.The DF200 does all of that , does it well , and does it at a very good price.Initial setup takes about 20 ' , and requires that you be able to actually read and follow directions . DO make sure to remove all traces of oil when setting the chuck . But once you 've set it up , the DP200 will sit on your bench , doing it 's job , without muss or fuss for years . Hard to beat or question at this price .
 It took me about 40 minutes to set up , but I was meticulous . There was a lot of packing grease -- no problem.The speed change is much easier than with most similar drill presses.It runs very well and quite quietly.I ran a 1-3/8 in Forstner bit through 5/8 in red oak . I could stall it , but running on the lowest speed and adjusting feed rate , it went quite well.I 'm quite pleased
 For the money , an excellent drill . If you are buying on budget and just need a starter drill consder the DP115 . The differences are that the DP115 -LRB- compared to the DP200 shown here -RRB- -LRB- 1 -RRB- does not have the built in work light , -LRB- 2 -RRB- does not have a crank and gear for height adjustment -- it just has a tightening collar , -LRB- 3 -RRB- the quill only has 8 '' of travel instead of 10 '' as onthis model . If you can live with those differences you can save a lot -LRB- about 33 % -RRB- on your purchase . The DP115 can regularly be found for about 20 % less . And on sale you can find the DP115 for about $ 69 . That 's a great price for a starter drill press .
 My DP200 arrived a couple of days ago , so these are just my first impressions after assembling it and using it for a couple of hours.First , the drill press went together smoothly and without any problems . I 'd suggest wearing some thin latex gloves while unpacking the box and unbagging all the components ... the oil/grease that coats the unpainted metal components is pretty wicked stuff and spreads while the pieces are sitting at the store . I used an orange based degreaser and Goo-Gone along with most of a roll of paper towels cleaning everything off . Also , if you do n't want the chuck to eventually fall off , it 's critical that you remove every speck of grease from the inside of the chuck and the mating shaft surface!The manufacturing quality is reflective of the price . The table is roughly machined and certainly could have used another pass through the milling machine . It 's obvious from the swirl marks that they used a large cutter set at a high feed rate . That , however , is purely cosmetic . There was some metal scrap attached to the bottom inside of the column , but that 's nothing that affects anything operational . All in all , the drill press is well designed and went together easily with everything lining up perfectly . A couple of allen wrenches are included in the box , so the only tools necessary are a mallet for setting the chuck , and a 1/2 '' or 12mm open end wrench for tightening the four bolts that secure the column to the base.As a drill press , the DP200 works ... within the limits imposed by its small size . It 's not the press to buy if you plan on boring a lot of large or deep holes . It only has slightly more than 2 '' of travel , so anything thicker than a 2x4 is out . Likewise the motor is sized appropriately for a small press . Do n't plan on using a 2 '' + hole saw unless you feed it very slowly ! On the other hand , I 've been using it with a plug cutter -LRB- google W.L. Fuller -RRB- to cut hundreds of 3/8 '' dowels to fill screw holes in my new deck . It runs quietly and works perfectly in this application . In terms of runout , the DP200 is n't perfect , but it 's within a couple of thousandths . That 's fine for a $ 100 consumer level drill press , especially if you 're working in wood . Higher precision presses are certainly available , but for much more money.Update
 I 'm glad I found this drill press . It 's almost the same as my earlier one , but better in several ways . This one has a mounted light . It has a crank to raise and lower the table . The chuck key has a spring loaded plunger so you do n't forget it in the chuck . I mounted it on a portable bench , so I can move it around and have been using it many times a week.You ca n't beat it for the price .
 I re-did my entire kitchen and needed a drill press in order to drill the holes for my resessed hinges . This drill ate right through solid/hardwood maple cabinets like a hot knife going through butter . I took the top off , adjusted the speed , and drilled beatiful holes . Set up was a snap , I was done in less than 15 minutes . And changing speeds by moving the belts is a 2 minute job , start to finish . This drill is very smooth and I know from putting it together that it will last me a lifetime . A quality product from Delta .
 Seeing that my entire shop is Delta based , I bought this drill to go with the rest of my shop . The price was attractive and setup was straight forward . All in all its a great drill for the money . The power issue comes from using forestner bits . When using the larger of these bits , the machine tends to bog down a little . Not a big problem unless You bore a lot of big holes . I definitely reccomend this drill for a beginner or small shop .
 I 've had this little drill press for a few years now . Needed one in a hurry for a project I was working on and a hand held drill would n't quite make it . I fully intended to replace it with a larger floor model , but so far have n't found any reason to . Guess I just thought bigger would be better.I actually like changing speeds with the belt and pully system . I use link belts on most of my power tools , cuts down vibration and they last forever.This is one solid little machine . I built a `` bench '' for it , hung it from a 12x12 post that supports the main floor of the house -LRB- shop is in the basement -RRB- , and bolted the machine to the bench.I primarilly use this drill press for drilling wood . Everything from 1/4 '' holes for decorative pegs in boxes to 31/2 '' holes for clock inserts . If you have never worked with exotic hardwoods , believe me , some of them are tougher to drill than steel . Picking the correct speed and applying the correct pressure is the secret to achieving good results , with no burning , when using these large bits . Of course , keeping them sharp is a must.I never understand why people will buy a small power tool like this and expect it to perform like one of its big cousin 's . This is a very good little machine . I have used it a lot in the last few years and still have not found the occasion where I felt I needed to replace it with something larger . It has done duty as a drum sander , mortise machine , sharpening tool and of course a drill press . I recommend this little press to anyone who does n't really need one of the monster floor models .
 I needed a small bench top drill press for my hobby work , this drill press filled the bill perfectly.Compact , plenty of power , smooth , accurate , and quiet.I liked the fact it had a work light too.I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 When I bought this press , I was torn between this model and a `` Harbor Freight '' cheap Chinese unit that was a little bigger for the same money.I have a decent garage shop , and I cut steel and play with cars etc. a fair amount . Every time I use this machine , I 'm happy I bought the ` good ' one instead of the ` big ' one . It works hard without complaint and the quill has a lot less slop than a cheap unit . If you find this press boging down , you 're probably pushing it too hard . I even use it occasionally to notch steel tube for fabbing and it cuts slowly but surely . No regrets at all .
 This drill press is great . It goes together easy , has lots of power , and is heavy and strong . -LRB- Note to the Reviewer
 This is an excellent tool for the home shop . It is simple , well made and has the features that are important in a basic drill press - smooth spindle rotation and a solid frame . The gear driven table height adjustment and flexible lamp make this drill a pleasure to use . The owners manual is clear and very well illustrated . Assembly is simple and takes less than an hour . I used acetone instead of oven cleaner to clean the spindle before mounting the chuck . This was a very satisfying purchase .
 This is a GREAT cheap little drill press . I have two that i use in my main shop and we needed an extra on for on site work . It 's small and easy to use . In the pastwe had used a Magnetic press however it was dificult and heavy . 99 $ and this is a vast improvement .
 I purchased this tool for 1 specific job and it was perfect . I completed the task in 1 day . The assembly was easy and the instructions were perfectly clear
 Purchased this in December in order to accuratly drill pen blanks . Best comment I can say about this tool is that it works as intended . I had no difficulties in setting it up , and it has worked just fine since taking it out of the box . I gave it five stars becuase it works as advertised and you ca n't ask for more than that .
 This has been a good drill press , built well , heavy , nice looking and did I say heavy?I built a wood cabinet on casters for it to wheel it around the shop.Had to load the cabinet up with all my other drill stuff to weigh it down cause the DP200 made it very top heavy.But make no mistake , this is a lightweight machine , meant for the part time hobby person.It will not handle the bigger jobs.I am currently shopping for another drill press as the DP200 does n't have or will not do the following :1 -RRB- Will not drill deeper than 2-1/8 '' .2 -RRB- Will not drill 2 '' + forstner bits through even soft wood .3 -RRB- A 2 '' spade bit will bog it down .4 -RRB- I do n't like to change belt/pulleys to change speeds.And for some reason on this machine the chuck tool is very difficult to use . I 've used several different chuck keys and none of them work right , the key keeps jumping over the gear teeth , like something is n't spaced correctly.So , if you want to drill holes less than 2 '' in diameter , less than 2 '' deep this is not a bad little machine and a good value for the money .
 Great price , quick delivery . I had n't had much pressing to do with it , but what I was able to do , it did it great with the precision I needed . Highly recommended if you need to drill a lot of holes with accuracy and day to day precision .
 I am drilling the pins out of pocket knives to replace broken blades . Also , I have some knife blades that I have to drill the hole in them . So I am dealing with a very hardened material . These are not china knives , they are German and American knives . The drill press works fine . It will drill straight down through the middle of the pin , for the most part . Also , I was breaking a lot less drills and they do not burn up as quick now . So before long this drill press will pay for itself in what I save on broken and burned up carbon drill bits .
 A number of good features as follows
 I have limited space so i thought i 'd give it a try despite some lower reviews here . But this is the deal.I have a Porter-cable vacuum that i use with my routers and smaller machines , but i wanted to get something a little bigger and still portable to use with my tablesaw , bandsaw , lathe , planer and jointer . My Rigid shop vac is slightly bettter than useless.This draws more air and chips than the Porter-Cable as well as my Rigid shop vac . My Porter-Cable vacuum is much better than my Rigid . Although the rigid has a larger diameter hose to pick up larger chips , it 's not a very good vacuum.This portable Delta dust collector draws substantially more debris.I have no problem with this Delta unit and was pleasantly surprized with it 's ability to collect material from all of my machines.I suggest getting 4 '' quick disconnects permanently mounted on all of your machines rather than use the Delta kit and/or the screw clamps . Makes swapping back and forth trouble free.I give this a 4 rather than a 5 since the bag included is only 30 micron . 10 microns and under are what contributes to lung problems . I do use a JDS air filter which picks up the rest of the little stuff.Actually there 's a company called Penn State Industries that makes a portable unit with a 1 micron bag that 's more powerful . It 's a little over $ 200 . A 1 micron replacement bag is $ 69 . But if you opt for this you can save yourself some money , it 's $ 119 at Lowes .
 I have a very small shop and the dust collector works great for my saw and router table . I would highly recomend getting more hose and connections to connect your other tools . The bag has a zipper and makes empting it a snap . The noize level is well below accecptable levels for long hours with it on .
 I am a stickler on having things clean and neat . This system meets my needs to a `` T '' . I have five tools that generate a lot of chips and dust and this system keeps my shop clean and leaves very little fine dust to vacuum up after a session in my shop .
 I have an apartment only to work in and it 's full of tools and collectables . This dust collector will eat all the dust my router table will create and save space . I , ve only added a felt bag over the delta bag to filter to 1 micron .
 Needed something small ; this collectors is relatively small and portable and does the trick . Arrived in a box that I felt may not be adequate to protect its contents , but it turned out fine . The collector arrived in perfect condition ; nothing was damaged , and it seems to be well made.The collector works fine . The only complaint I have is that it sometimes tends to make loud noises ; I think these are vibrations from the fan being transferred into the rest of the metal enclosure . When I move the handle or otherwise change the contact between ` fan-enclosure ' and base just a little bit , the noise disappears . Probably end up putting some rubber or thick paper between motor and fan housing so that they can not make a hard contact and transfer vibration .
 I bought this collector to fit under my 8ft x 8ft work table in the center of my shop which the tall vertical versions wo n't do . It 's networked to a Delta table saw and a Hitachi P12RA planar/joiner . Adding a remote start -LRB- one remote for each machine -RRB- makes it a real joy to use.A previous reviewer mentioned that large chips coming off a shaper table will clog it . I 'll add that chips coming from a planer will too . However , that 's easily remedied by cutting -LRB- with snippers -RRB- the aluminum inlet guard off -LRB- it 's a simple cross across the inlet -RRB- . That removes any restriction and any chance of clogging . Since you can only put your fingers into the collector by removing the hose and stupidly inserting your finger into a spinning impeller -LRB- not one of the first 10 million things I plan on doing in life -RRB- , I do n't consider this to be a safety hazard.I 'll be buying at least one more for a router table and perhaps a drill press/bandsaw on the perimeter of the shop.Buy it and enjoy the cleaner shop .
 I 've never used any other extractor , so I ca n't say how this compares . For my use , I needed an extractor I can pick up and carry occasionally as needed , not too expensive , and it 's been working fine . I felt like I was n't getting enough extraction from one -LRB- I 'm connecting it to a dust-extraction table , where it 's pulling in air through slots in a table that 's about two by three feet , so I need quite a bit of draw -RRB- so I got a second one . Together , they 're doing what I need .
 When it arrived , I had to rewire it for 240V which obviously was not auto switch configured . Nevermind that I blew 2 fuses while trying to get it work . Worst came the unbearable rattling noise while the motor was spinning . For a while I thought I had a defective unit . The base plate also came dented , I do n't know whether is it Amazon or their courier handlers are at fault . Obviously , the term FRAGILE was not clearly understood . Next I had to disassemble the impeller housing and to my surprise the nut securing the impeller was loose -LRB- the damn cause of the sickening rattling noise -RRB- What kind of factory QC was there ? But after having fixed all that , the unit was up and running and smoothly and did its job well enough ! 4 stars for meeting job requirements .2 stars for the quality . I guess not all unit have such problems.Overall
 Item as described and received in a timely manner ... an excellent buying experience !
 After 20 years in the building trades , I have finally found a tool belt that does n't weigh me down like a bunch of lead weights . With the padded suspenders carrying almost all the load , this belt hangs comfortably off my shoulders instead of my waist . I have added suspenders to other tool belts before , but this combination brings the concept to its near perfect conclusion . The tool bags are large and hold lots of nails or screws and have lots of pockets for carrying smaller tools . The bags are reversible for left or right handers . All in all this tool belt is a must for week-end warriors or hard core carpenters !
 I ordered this because I kept putting suspenders on my belts but since they were attached to the belt and not the bag the bags had a tendency to sag . Double belt system . Fat padded belt with the narrow bag holding belt . I tried to connect my suspenders to the bags but they would n't hold . Also my old bags where leather and heavy . When it rains they got really heavy and it took a while to dry.I was hesitent to order these because I could n't tell how many pockets it had but according to the box it has 29 . It seems like more than that to me . It has so many pockets at first I thought it might have to many . Since I 'm not using most of them they just stay closed and it is n't an issue.Suspenders ; I do n't think I 've worn a more comfortable set of suspenders . The picture does n't show it but it has a chest strap that keep the suspenders in place . It took me a couple of days to get them broke in and then get the suspenders ajusted just the way I like but I 'm very happy with them now . We 'll just have to wait and see how I like them come summer when I 'm getting them sweaty.Since I replaced my leather ones I hardly notice the weight of these . The only problem I 've encountered so far is the bags do n't seem to stay in one place . Not a big deal to me . I will probably connect them to the belt with a pin of some sort if it becomes to much of an issue . Also the suspenders are attached directly to the bags so the bags are always at the same height and all the weight is supported on the suspenders rather than my hips . Since I 'm very skinny I used to have to sinch my belt up so tight it hurt my hips after a long day.I do n't know about the durability but for the amount of money I spent so far it has been some of the best money I 've spent on construction . My coworkers are all waiting to see how they hold up but most are planning on getting these if they need new bags . I would have paid this much for the suspenders alone.Update . Three months later . These have n't held up as I hoped they would . The belt was so long that I had to run it through the loop of the bag and it was always coming out and it was wearing a hole in the bag . I put some duct tape on the bag and cut off the excess belt and the problem has stopped . All the high use pockets are showing clear wear . If I put to much weight on one side the bags sag to that side . Minor inconvience . My biggest complaint has to be the hammer holder . I tried to move it up but then it pulls the suspenders down , if I leave it down , the hammer bangs the back of my leg . Shorter hammer will take care of that . I never felt the need to pin the bags in place and I 'm about to order two more sets of these bags , a back up for me , and one for one of my coworkers . All of the plastic buckles still work right , and I have a non flip phone and there is a pocket way in back that it fits in perfect . To bad I ca n't hear it very well back there . I added a cell phone holder to the shoulder strap and I can now hear it ring and it does n't get in the way.Bottom line . Best all around utility I 've found in bags . Like to see a tape measure holder , and a different color would be nice . I can handle the wear for the price I paid .
 I 've been in the construction field for four years , and have not found a more comfortable belt yet . I 'm rather thin , and in the winter I tend to wear many layers . Despite the many layers , it fits perfectly no matter what I am wearing . Unlike many other toolbelts , this one can hold all of the different types of tools that a carpenter needs . In the past , I have used the normal setup with all the individual pouches and just threw on a pair of suspenders to hold them up . After a long hard day of work , my shoulders are tired from the weight . Also , you know as well as I do , that when you try to fit into tight spaces , you could catch one of those clips , and they could wind shooting off and hitting you in the face . This does not happen with the air lift system whereever you go , the belt just follows . Overall , if you 're out there all day , and are looking for a comfortable belt that does n't strain your shoulders , the air lift system is definitely for you
 I have worn several tool belt sets in my trade as a sheet metal worker . This is the most versatile and comfortable in all of my experience . In the past I have had to customize the pouches by adding extra pockets so my many small tools would be easy to find . Totally unnecessary , the Builders Rig has so many pockets and slots that I have yet to use them all . Though , it took a while to get used to my hammer being in the back , it works well for me now . It is the most comfortable of all I have ever worn .
 My husband has been a carpenter for 25 + years and he loves his new belt . It is very comfortable and holds all he needs .
 Great tool belt for cable installation . Sometime 's I take the shoulder staps off which is nice . Has the right amount of pockets and size for cable tools . I just love this tool belt . It makes my life easy and not walking back to the truck for equiptment is down to a minimum . The only con is tightling the shoulder staps once in awhile when they come looose . Great product for my line of business .
 This is an excellent tool belt for getting the weight off your back and helping to keep your pants up . Multiple pockets will hold a variety of tools and/or fasteners .
 for the price not bad . the betsis to flimsy and twist up . so i got a heavy duty bets but the harmer holder would not fit so i got a different one over all not bad .
 I think this is an awesome product , especially for the price . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the belt is kinda lame . I 'd like to have a large padded belt with velcro and a normal buckle . this is some junky nylon folding-tension-device-thingy . the suspenders and toolbags are all pretty cool.I say that , based on looks and one try-on . I have yet to put a single tool in the bags -LRB- as mentioned , I do n't do any `` work '' that would require more than a mouse or keyboard , I thought this would be nice to have just-in-case -RRB- .
 When I first started in the trades -LRB- 5 years ago -RRB- , someone gave me my first set of -LRB- old -RRB- bucket boss bags . I just handed them down again to my new apprentice and purchased a new set of the Builders Rig Bags . They are excellent ! Light weight , pockets all in the right places , comfortable suspenders and relatively cheap ! I read another review saying the belt clip broke on his . Half of the clip broke on my old ones too but they still hold . The belt clips may not last forever but they are cheap and easy to replace . I am very happy .
 I like this rig a lot , it is comfortable and seems of sturdy construction . However , I wish the pockets were deeper , and the rid is just a tad big for my body -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' , 230 lbs -RRB- . This thing is huge .
 When it comes to rigs they are hit or miss . This one is a hit . The suspenders are comfortable and they attach to the bags nicely . The whole rig is set up from bang to buck to be comfortable , practical , useful and economical all in one . Their is a lot of flexibility with all the pockets provided . The bags are able to be switched for right or left handers . The only two downsides I saw were one the hammer placement in back , for me it is fine but others may or may not like it . Second the plastic buckle for the belt is a bit cheap but can be replaced easily enough if broken . Overall great Rig .
 I needed a lightweight set of suspender bags that I could use as an all purpose setup . Good enough quality for the price . May not have the life span as other heavy duty ones but for the price they work for me .
 I believe it 's everything Bucket Boss claims it to be and that 's why I gave it 5 stars . I bought it because I hate to come off a roof or down a ladder because I was missing a tool . I thought that if I took everything I needed to do things like fascia , gutter and trim work I could stay on the ladder or platform once I got there and just worry about having enough material . There 's lots of pouches , padding , adjustments and for many this could probably hold their entire stash of tools . That concludes the objective view and now on to the more subjective ... why I do n't like it.I do n't find it at all practical when reviews state `` does n't weigh me down '' and `` an excellent tool belt for getting the weight off your back '' that 's not quite how the physics of this rig work . The weight is still there and it will still weigh you down ... though the weight is better distributed with the suspenders ... and the whole rig invites you to do nothing less than add more weight . Once I loaded this up it was hard to wear it ; hard to reach things ; the weight slipped around a lot ; it was hard to get on and take off ; and I pretty much felt like a clown with too many pockets wearing it . I was an electrician for over 30 years and probably did most of my work with less combined tool weight than the weight of this rig alone . Now that I 'm older I did n't want to risk injury with lots of trips up & down ladders and really wanted this thing to work for me but once loaded it was uncomfortable , unsteady and I had a hard time finding things and that just made me more uncomfortable on the ladder and platform . If you 're working on the ground there 's no need for one of these and if you 're on a roof there 's no way to wear a harness to tie yourself off . I purchased aWerner AC96 Aluminum Standoff Stabilizerand it has a hook on the top that holds my tool bucket so I can see everything and my hands can stay above my waist which makes me feel much more comfortable 20 feet up on a ladder.I went to hauling up a bucket full of tools and wearing a lighter belt for the hand tools I used the most . Lastly , this rig has a plastic buckle and I 've already lost several quality belts because once it breaks it ca n't be replaced and a belt without a buckle does n't wear well . Since this paragraph is subjective then feel free to ignore what I 've said and go with how you think it 'll fit your needs.Lastly , I purchased this here on Amazon in 2007 under 20 bucks and that was the regular price at that time . I doubt much has been done since then to warrant the current price and I also doubt that what you buy today will be built any better than the rig I got 5 years ago . I use theBucket Boss 55149 11 Pocket Suede Leather Carpenter Apronand love it ... great belt , no plastic buckle , enough pockets for me , hammer rings on both sides and I like the tape measure pocket in the front center .
 The Bucket Boss Air Lift rig is a fantastic tool rig , its very comfortable and does not cause any pain when wearing it while working . the material is good for the job it does it can carry alot of weight and room for everything you need . plus the location of the hammer loop is good it does not bang on the leg . and the size of the whole rig is perfect . as a carpenter i say this is a must get but when u get it change the belt , because the belt it comes with is rubbish .
 Compared to the DP200 which is 20 % to 33 % more expensive , this drill lacks only -LRB- 1 -RRB- a work light , -LRB- 2 -RRB- uses a clamp to adjust the table height instead of gear and hand-crank , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- has only about 8 '' of travel on the quill instead of the 10 '' on the DP200 . For the money , this is the better deal . You can often find the DP115 on sale and at that price it is a great starter drill for wood , metal , and other hobby and other work . I 've used mine with sanding drums to also avoid the cost of a standalone drum sander in my home shop .
 I got this thing almost my accident - I had always though dust collection was for the big boys . But my new bandsaw almost seemed to require one , and they had them on sale recently ... so I got one.I 'll have to say , I 'm pleasantly surprised with this unit , both with it 's conveniance and versatility . With the wheels and 10 ' hose it 's easy to use it with any dust-creating tool in the shop . -LRB- Needless to say , I had to ressurect all the dust boots for my other gear that was still in it 's packaging -RRB- . I also improvised with a dryer-vent spring clamp -LRB- instead of the screw-on clamps provided -RRB- to make moving the hose to different tools easier.Actually , the only time the dust really bothered me before what when I was sanding , especially hand sanding . A bonus with this unit is you can clamp the collection boot to your sanding table and have it draw the dust right off the work as you create it . Plus the mess created by planing becomes a thing of the past.One thing I was worried about when I bought this thing was noise , but I was pleasantly surprised by how quiet it is . It has a slow , gradual start and even when up to speed it makes far less noise that a shop vac , sort of a low humming noise.All in all , I am quite glad I was `` forced '' into getting one of these . My shop is more pleasant , I spend less time cleaning up , and I 'll probably have better pulmonary health in the long run .
 I have a larger Delta dust collector that I have used in my shop for many years . I needed a dust collector for the opposite side of my shop where the larger collector was n't doing very well due to a long run of pipe . I would recommend this collector for machines -LRB- band saw , radial arm saw , etc -RRB- that do not generate a lot of large chips and where short pipe runs are involved . A planer or jointer would fill the bag very quickly and , I believe , would not be suited as general shop dust collector . It is not very mobile as the dust bag tends to drag behind the collector when it is wheeled about . Overall , it has been a good purchase for me and does all that I expected .
 I bought this saw to replace a starter model Craftsman 10 '' miter saw that I had for about five years , which was fine for simple cuts but which never could handle a compound cut , no matter how I tried to square it up.I actually bought a DeWalt 705S before this Delta , but the DeWalt has a serious engineering flaw that revealed itself almost immediately once I started using the saw -- see the reviews on this site -LRB- including mine -RRB- that address the poorly engineered miter locking system on the DeWalt . After returning the DeWalt , I spent some more time shopping around and reading more extensive reviews . After checking out the saws , I chose this Delta.The Delta has been a joy . Simply put , it is built like a tank . Still , with aluminum fabrication , it is not noticably heavier than comparable saws.Mine required some minor adjustments to the positive stops on the 90 degree and 45 degree bevel , but everything else -LRB- lasers , blade to fences , etc. -RRB- was dead on from the factory.The action is smooth and has a solid feel to it . Many of the tensions are user adjustable , so you can customize the action to your liking.The saw has rubber feet that keep it stable even if it is n't bolted down . -LRB- Contrast that with the DeWalt 705S , which slides all over the place if you do n't mount it . -RRB- Delta also has a clever system that allows this saw to be mounted on 2x4s for worksite use.I replaced the 40T carbide blade that came with the saw with an 80T ATB Freud blade , which does wonderfully . Changing the blade on this saw is a fairly simple matter , requiring the same size wrench to loosen the blade guard and the arbor screw ; an adequate wrench is included with the saw . -LRB- The DeWalt had Torx screws . -RRB- The 40T blade itself makes pretty clean cuts and would probably suffice for framing work , but it 's a bit too drastic for trim work.Changing the blade to one with a marginally thinner kerf required an adjustment to the left laser , which was easy to make . The lasers live up to their billing , painting lines across your stock that show exactly what the blade is going to remove . It makes it easy to line up your marks precisely without doing the old pull-the-blade-down-duck-and-check-the-mark routine.The extension table and sliding fence were simple to install and are nicely machined . I agree with the reviewer who suggests the clamp for fine work , though ; the surface is fairly slick and , as a result , the blade can make the wood slide to the side a bit if you 're cutting a 45 degree miter.The cookie cutter Porter Cables are also nice . But , as it 's the same saw , why not take Delta 's two-year warranty instead of PC 's one-year warranty?I would buy this saw again in a heartbeat.And take note that the reviewer who claims below that the product number is misleading apparently does not understand that the 36-255 , like the 36-255L , is not a dual bevel compound miter . The laser is the difference . I do note , however , that the `` technical details '' on this site at the time I 'm writing this misstate the plug type . It is a two-pronged plug , not a three-pronged -LRB- grounded -RRB- plug . The motor also has externally accessible brushes , contrary to the technical details -LRB- see p. 19 of the manual -RRB- .
 Santa left this under the tree . What a wonderful gift it is ! This saw is solidly built , has tight and smooth movement , and the positive stops and miter lock are firm and right on the money . Those looking for that elusive `` perfect '' 45 degree miter might find it here , the stops on the left and right are equally acurate . The saw is quiet -LRB- for a miter saw -RRB- and the horizontal handle and trigger are comfortable to use . The blade that comes with the saw is adequate for rough work . I still stick with five stars , reasoning that Delta includes this blade to keep the price of the saw reasonable and to allow the user to choose the blade she or he really wants without feeling bad about putting aside a nicer blade . If you buy the saw for chopping 2X stock , the blade is fine ; but , this saw is capable of so much more - including extraordinarily precise and clean finish work . After being outfitted with a Forrest Chopmaster blade -LRB- a blade that will transform even the most miserable saw -RRB- this Delta really came into its own . So far , it has done very well with padauk , mahogany , oak , maple , and walnut . It has also done an excellent job with one of the more splintery of materials - rift-sawn red oak plywood . All of these materials are cut with the accuracy and finish one gets from a well-tuned cabinet saw . The lasers are great . After adjusting them to `` fit '' the new blade , it is possible to routinely cut stock down the center of a .05 mm lead line - on the first try . I could n't be happier .
 I ordered the TwinLaser Miter Saw back in early October , when I first read about it . It took nearly two months , but it finally arrived . The package arrived in great shape , and the saw was nicely padded inside . Assembly of the fence was simple , in fact the saw was ready for use right out of the box since the fence extension is optional . But the true test was how the lasers performed . This saw has a toggle switch for the lasers near the main power switch . When you turn on the lasers , you see two 1/4 '' dashed red beams across your work . The dashed light is caused by the clear plastic blade guard having 1/4 '' cut-outs , apparently for the light to shine through . As you start to pull the blade down towards the work , and the blade guard starts to retract , then the beams shine solid unobstructed lines . This turns out to be really handy , since the red beams are very bright , and it can be difficult to line them up with any pencil marks . But the perforated laser beam lets you see both the laser line and your pencil line for easy alignment . After my first cut , I found the right-hand laser was off by about 1/16 '' . Each laser has independent allen screws for adjustment . It took about 1 full turn of the screw to get the laser aligned for perfect cuts . Overall , I 'm very pleased and think the lasers will eliminate a lot of trial and error practice cuts to get it just right .
 The fit and finish of this product are outstanding , and the accuracy is everything that you could want . Other reviewers have addressed the many outstanding qualities of this miter saw , but there are a couple of things I 'd like to add.Not only are the twin lasers a joy to use , they are exceptionally easy to adjust if/when you change blades . You just clamp a hunk of scrap to the table , and cut a shallow kerf -LRB- which is to say , do n't cut all the way through the board -RRB- . Then you simply turn on the lasers - which do n't require the saw itself to be running - and use an Allen wrench to adjust each laser to match its side of the cut . If only all the tools in my shop were this easy to adjust!Speaking of clamping to the table , if you place an order with Amazon for this unit , you 'll want to think about possibly adding a pair of Delta 36-221 Work Clamps . These fit into holes in the front of the 255L 's base and hold your work against the back fence . Do n't be thrown off by the fact that the Amazon picture shows them vertically ; they actually run horizontal to the table and press the work against the back fence . If you want a vertical clamp to hold your work down against the table , you 'll need the Delta 36-218 Miter Saw Clamp -LRB- Amazon carries it , too -RRB- . One of the other things no one has mentioned is how quiet this saw is . I 'm sure the blade is a significant factor , but using both the factory supplied blade , and the Freud 80-Tooth Thin Kerf blade I replaced it with , I noticed that this saw is much quieter than my table saw , radial arm saw , or Skil saw -LRB- and yes , Honey , if you 're reading this , I do always try to remember to wear my hearing protection like you asked me to -RRB- .
 Excellent Saw.Plenty of power and a good blade . Note this saw does have an electric brake . The technical data section of Amazon says it does not for some reason.Easy to put together.The twin laser is awesome . You know exactly where the cut is going to be.The Delta stand works well with this saw.You need to purchase the clamps for the saw . They are about $ 15 a piece .
 I purchased this saw as a clearance item at my local Lowe 's . I did n't really `` need it '' but at the price could n't pass it up . I rationalized having a twin laser saw might be useful -LRB- ok , the little kid in me thought it looked awfully neat ! -RRB- . I had my doubts though it would equal a well-made jig for my tablesaw in repeatable accuracy , but I was about to find out and with that another hopefully useful review.Lasers for miter saws have been out for about a decade but past designs have never been impressing . This one intrigued me . American Woodworker gave it their hearty endorsement as best compound miter -LRB- with or without -RRB- laser guidance . This and the Porter Cable 3802L -LRB- same saw -RRB- was deemed `` Editor 's Choice '' . -LRB- Reference
 I looked at the comparably priced Dewalt , Makita , Rigid and Bosch and read what reviews I could find on Amazon . I eliminated the Dewalt primarily for the consistent complaints about the rotating table shifting . Although the Rigid looked OK at first glance , I previously had a bad experience with Rigid metal parts breaking on another tool . Also , the demo Rigid miter saw at my local Home Depot had a broken lever , so I gave Rigid a miss . Two salesmen at my local high-end contractor 's supply -LRB- who usually offer trustworthy advice -RRB- swore by the Makita ... but then admitted they were old-school contractors and in the old days Makita was THE saw to get and that preference stuck with them.I performed a simple test on each saw . I held down the base and tugged hard to one side on the handle and looked to see how much the blade moved . The Rigid was n't . The Dewalt and Bosch were about the same and better than the Rigid . The Makita , for all the praise of accuracy heaped on it by the salesmen , was better than the Rigid but not so good as the Dewalt or Bosch . They did n't have this exact Delta model at any of my local stores , but the one they had was by far the most solid.The Delta was the best of the five in my little test and received the best reviews on Amazon , so I bought the Delta 36-255L through Amazon . It arrived undamaged with all parts.The saw was very easy to set up . I lost track of time having fun with my new toy , but it took maybe 15 minutes . All the adjustments arrived as accurate as I could measure them out of the box . As others have said it 's as solid as a tank . The actions and levers are smooth and comfortable to use . I do n't mind the one-sided bevel at all.Several people suggested to me that the lasers are a waste . I almost did n't get a laser model but I am very glad I did . It 's a joy . This saw has two thin beams showing the outermost boundary of remaining wood on each side of the cut . It cuts exactly where the beams indicate over the whole range of bevels . If you 're going to bother getting a good saw for accuracy , this is a useful feature to put the blade right where you want it.There were two minor oddities with my saw that were not bad enough to reduce my recommendation . One is that the side-support plate on the left slopes ever so slightly downhill from the base plate . The problem is that the mounting point is not perfectly orthogonal . The second is that the blade just barely touches the plastic blade-guard . This has the effect of having the blade cut into the guard until it stops touching . The guard arrived pre-chewed from the factory test run of the saw .
 This replaced my DeWalt 705 which was a great tool however the twin laser aspect of the Delta speeds up my production work imensely . One flaw with the DW was dust pickup , Delta appears to have made a break through in this area . Dust pickup dramatically improved over the DW not perfect but very good with a shop vac attached . Out of the box the tool was dead on , no adjusting or fiddleing needed . Getting used to where the blade cuts in relationship to the laser takes a fairly decent learning curve but once understood makes perfect cuts . Great when doing crowns . In short , a wondreful tools , well worth the investment .
 First , I have to say that I 'm just SO impressed with this saw ! I 've used many different brands of saw before , but never a Delta , so I did n't know what to expect . So let 's start from the beginning : Arrival - Saw came in a VERY sturdy box . We 're talking like 1/2 '' thick cardboard here - well packed and secured . Box acted as temporary stand for about 3 weeks ... Everything was in the box and everything was labeled . Nice ... ! Word of caution - be careful getting the saw out of the box - it weighs almost 70 pounds ! The box and the packing were good indications of the quality of the saw ... Setup - The saw is technically ready to go out of the box , but the left table and fence extensions needed to be attached . If you do n't want to use those , then you really are ready to go . But guess what ? They actually provide little hand tools for this . Very nice touch.Alignment - After attaching the extensions I followed the instructions for aligning the saw . The manual very nicely described every detail of this process . To my surprise , the fence was 90-to-the-table and the blade was both 90 and 45 to-the table OUT OF THE BOX ! Factory aligned - very impressive . The lasers were also perfectly aligned to the factory installed blade . So , I technically did NO alignment whatsoever.Impressions after use - Blown Away . I bought this saw for the dual purpose of both chopping large stock and trim work . First I chopped some 2x4s . Factory blade is perfect for this . It did a great job - what else can I say ? I know cutting 2x4 's is exciting ... but ... I then threw a Freud 96-tooth blade on this , re-aligned the lasers and did 3 rooms of crown flawlessly . The blade change on this is the easiest of any saw I 've used . The miter lockdown mechanism is awesome - you 'll have to use to understand , too hard to explain , but you 'll know what I mean when you do . The twin lasers are SO SWEET . First saw I 've used with lasers and man , what a feature . That blade goes right between the lasers , dead on , no guesswork - loved em ! Manual was good - clear and well written , though the black-and-white pictures were a little tough to see . They also provided a handy crown angle chart . Finally - the thing is solid . I 'm old-school where weight = quality and this thing is just SOLID . Flimsy it is NOT . 70 pounds of American made steel - It 's a beautiful thing!Complaints - To be fair , I 'll try and give a balanced review , though it 's hard to find things to gripe about with this saw . First thing , it seems that after about the second room of crown the lasers slowly went out of alignment . This was literally a 10 second adjustment and to be honest I was impressed they stayed aligned that long after the CONSTANT miter and bevel adjustments and the beating I gave the thing.Second , do n't like the positive crown stops . Not really a complaint , but maybe a suggestion - for the serious woodworker these stops get in the way since a corner is RARELY square . If it was close to 90 and I was trying to tap the miter close to the positive stops the saw would fall into them and I would have to start over . Minor , very minor , but I would just remove those positive stops for crown in the next version of the saw cause they 're kinda useless.Third , the saw guard got in the way when I tried to cut 4 '' Base Molding standing against the fence . The cut went through , but not all the way - it left like 1/8 '' . It went all the way through when I gave it a little jam ... but ... not something you want to do all the time.Finally , the lasers have a separate on/off switch . This is nice if you do n't want to use the lasers , but it 's an extra thing you have to remember to turn off . Maybe the next version can have a timer on it to turn em off after like an hour ... yeah , I forgot mine on over night once ... I should unplug my power tools you say ? BAH!Conclusion - This saw ROX . Period . I 'm very impressed with every single feature on it . It weighs a ton and cuts like a dream . Everything about it screams ease-of-use and accuracy . I think this saw has single-handedly sold me on the Delta brand . I will be buying more of their products in the future .
 This saw is worth the money ! I was weary about purchasing it since there are so many mixed reviews about saws and this one seemed to have people saying it was too heavy . Lem me just say that 's not the case . It 's no feather , but I have no problems walking up and down stairs and to/from the truck and I doubt it would be a problem for anyone that would be buying a 12 '' miter saw ! It was dead accurate out of the box , which it was packed in beautifully . The twin lasers make cutting so easy , I almost feel guilty when I 'm using it . You wo n't believe how fast you 'll install trim with this saw ! There is no table flex like the DeWalt , and no `` kick '' when the motor starts . Just an excellent saw , makes crown molding a breeze . I ca n't think of any negatives .
 I bought this saw after we experienced a house flood and lost all the flooring and baseboards in the house to allow the walls to dry . I used the saw to replace the baseboards throughout the entire house . We decided to replace the flooring in two rooms of our house with cherry hardwood floors . The blade is a large enough diameter that I was able to use the saw to cut the wood planks to size . The twin lasers are absolutely invaluable , I am still amazed at how precisely they match the blade kerf . The lasers and fence required no adjustments out of the box . I bought this saw because it is substantial , the weight of the base keeps it firmly planted and you can tell that this is a well made tool and is meant to last . This was a very satisfying purchase that has saved me a lot of time and helped get our house back in order .
 Just completed 40 feet of custom kitchen cabinets using this saw and could not be happier . Setup is fast , easy and clearly described in the manual . The laser sights are easy to line up for any particular blade , and marking stock prior to cutting has become a thing of the past ... I simply line the mark on my tape measure on up with the laser mark , remove the tape and cut . No lowering the blade to see how I line up ... awesome!Only two comments for potential purchasers ... the lasers tend to pick up sawdust - which reduces their brightness . A shot of compressed air takes care of that problem.Also , the saw has built-in receptacles for a material hold-down device - which is available on some Delta saws - but is not available as an option on this saw.Bottom Line
 This is the best miter saw I have used . Everything was perfect out the of the box , I did n't have to adjust a thing to get started.One thing to note is that this does n't come with a finish blade out of the box , so plan on spending another $ 50 - $ 75 for a good 80T blade .
 It was time to move up to a bigger capacity saw . My old -LRB- 36-225 -RRB- Delta was ok , but not for large crown.I like Delta , Porter-Cable Tools , and I was not disapointed.Out of the box , it needed a lot of adjustments
 I was ready to order this saw from Amazon.com , I love the free shipping on tools and no sales tax plus Amazon beats everyone on price right on every tool I have researched except unfortunately this one . I was shocked to find this exact same saw at one of the two huge brick and motor home improvement stores for $ 50 less than Amazon 's price . They probably wo n't post this review and thats fine , I just wanted to let them know they need to lower the price if they want to compete on this particular item .
 This saw is great ! Everything about it is perfect . It has a lot of power , it could n't get more accurate , and the lasers are great . Starting from the beginning , I got my package extremely fast from Amazon in good condition . I opened the box to a new shinny saw . The saw required virtually no assembly and I was expecting the lasers or the saw not to be aligned but they were absolutely perfect . I sat there for a few hours using the saw to try to find some flaw with it and I could not find a single thing wrong . It s ergonomically designed and comfortable to use , the numbers and degrees are clear and easy to line up . The saw weighs a ton but it was not designed to be light . I have used light saws and they suck . They are not as stable and flip backwards when you let go after making a quick cut . The base is very shinny and smooth made of I believe cast aluminum so you do n't have to worry about rusting . I could talk about this saw all day it 's so great . Buy this saw you wont regret it . Why buy a cheap saw that does n't make accurate cuts . There is so point . This saw will make your life easier and you work look better and it is worth every penny . I am now sold on deltas machines , but they do n't make quite a few cheap machines not made for professionals but I believe the majority of the machines a great . You get what you pay for .
 I used this saw to build a new woodworking bench and it performed beautifully . I ca n't say enough about the twin lasers ! And in this case , two beams ARE better than one . Better sharpen your pencils too because both beams are focused to a knife edge and come lined-up perfectly parallel to the blade right out of the box . Being able to turn the lasers on independently of the saw is a big time plus as well . It allows you to see exactly what material is going to be removed by the blade . And , like one of the other reviews mentioned , you can accuractely cut on either side - which IS huge ! Just remember which side you want to keep ; -RRB- The saw is a tank , which to some may be a nightmare . But if your not hauling it off to a jobsite everyday , it 's just a more solid feeling tool . The rubber feet on the base are great too . Since I did n't have a bench to work on , the concrete garage floor WAS my bench until I finished the project and the saw never budged . If you 're into design details , you 'll appreciate the way the base was cast with 2X4 detents for easy mounting.So far the only negative I noticed was trying to move the saw from one place to another . At 63lbs it no lightweight . If you grab the handle made for picking the unit up , the saw blade can move out of the bevel position it 's set for . Other than that I 'm very impressed with this product .
 I live on a ranch and when I have to build the occassional outbuilding I take this miter saw , my milwaukee circular saw , and my generator , and I can crosscut 2x4s all day long while leaving the bigger cutting jobs to the circular saw . Overall , I am very satisfied with the miter saw , and the lasers are a real time saver , I wish I had lasers on more of my tools ! The included 40T blade is just fine for the framing work I do . The only thing I 've purchased for this saw are the work clamps , and they come in handy quite often . I give this product five stars , as it does what it advertises and there are no surprises .
 Ever find a tool so good that you want to buy another one for a spare , in case they stop making it ? That 's how good this saw is . I have a 10 '' sliding miter and a 10 '' compound miter , but it kept breaking trigger switches so I decided to treat myself to a new one . I did my `` side to side sturdiness test '' on about 20 different saws and they all had some movement when you wiggled the handle , except this one . It did n't move at all ... it 's made like a rock and it 's heavy , but not too heavy to carry . It has 2 super super thin laser lines that lay down on each side of the blade kerf so you know EXACTLY where the cut will be . Lasers are super bright even outside in direct sunlight . Cut 's 2X8 's with ease . If you carry your miter outside the shop , you will love the built in carry handle between the trigger grip and the pivot . You ca n't see it in the picture on Amazon . 2 year warranty . 12 '' blades are expensive , but they make really nice cuts . Porter cable also sells this saw under their label . I bought mine at Lowes but they no longer stock it . I like the trigger switch and handle ... and there 's no annoying safety switch to `` pre-squeeze '' .
 delta does it again the 36-255L twinlaser miter saw is one awesome piece of woodworking machinery.the twinlaser design is a godsend i build alot of picture frames and other projects where precision miter cuts are a must and thats just what i get with 36-255L . there is no more moving the stock back and forth hoping you get the blade on the mark for that perfect 45 degree angle just put your mark between the two laser lines and you get that perfect 45 everytime.i 've built over 15 picture frames and a couple of bookshelves and every angle i 've cut has been perfect leave it to delta to make a woodworkers project a piece of quality craftsmanship with this new twinlaser design even a novice woodworker can build a quality project.i also see this saw being a big hit with building contractors for building roofs and such it sure will make their jobs alot easier.the quality of the saw is top notch , packaging was exceptional no chance of saw being damaged in transport and assembly was a breeze the included blade is also top quality and very sharp i tried it on thick stock and it was like cutting through soft butter.this saw is the newest edition to my stable of delta tools and will be a tried and true performer for many years to come just like all my other delta tools.in ending i would recommend this delta 36-255L twinlaser miter saw to anybody looking for quality and innovation in woodworkers or contractors tools two traits that delta has become known for and again delta thanks for another quality tool.p.s.i 've only had the 36-255L for a little over a month now and it already has a place in this woodworkers heart so that should answer any questions you may have about this product .
 I 've now used this saw for several jobs and can state I would buy it again . An outstanding saw and the lasers make the jobs tackled much easier .
 There 's nothing I can say that has n't already been said . I 'm pleasantly suprised by the quality of this saw and would n't hesitate to recommend it . The only drawback is the large size and it 's incredibly heavy . What you lose in portability is made up in stability and quality . The sawhorse mounting is a plus , and it 's thoughtful that the distance from the top of the sawhorses to the table on the saw is exactly the width of a 2x4 , making the construction of extensions a no-brainer . Get a better blade , the 40T blade is useless for anything other than rough framing .
 Great cutting saw , the twin lasers make lining up and cutting a snap ! I put a diablo 80-tooth finish blade on my Delta Mitre saw to cut some moulding , and was amazed at the cut , incredibly smooth and very easy to line up quickly with the laser system . Changing both the mitre and the bevel was a snap . Great saw . I have not tried the stock blade , since I was doing finish work I wanted a higher tooth-count blade , so I can not comment on the stock blade .
 I ca n't say anything bad about this saw . The lasers are a dream . I want lasers on everything now . The only thing I have to deal with is its right side laser gets obscured by dust after a couple hundred cuts . This , of course , is easily rectified by simply sticking your finger up there while the saw is plugged in - ha ! Caught you sleeping ! Practice safety on the job ! Unplug your saw to clean the laser lens with a soft artist 's brush , and this saw will keep you smiling . Safety first !
 I bought this saw 2 years ago and have used it on numerous projects around the house building furniture items and such . I am extremely happy with the saw and Amazon 's service . The reason for the 1 star reduction is that during setup , I realized that the grab-bag of nuts and bolts to assemble the saw was missing . This was quickly rectified by Delta after being routed to them by Amazon . The bag of parts arrived within a week and I quickly assembled the saw . While an initial issue , the end result is that the saw works fine and will -LRB- hopefully -RRB- be the last miter saw I ever purchase.Thanks
 This replaced a old 10 '' ryobi miter saw that finally gave out right in the middle of building my new garage . I have had nothing but great experiences with delta tool as I also own a 10 '' delta table saw that cost 900.00 and it replaced an old sears . this miter saw works great the twin lasers are terrific just love em . no more trying to determine exactly where the blade will cut . Must have item for any body needing a miter saw with great performance , P.S. I also have a 13 '' delta planer I 'm defintely hooked on Delta .
 The only thing disappointing about this saw is the blade . The saw is so extremely accurate with the lasers that the 40-tooth blade is a bad match . You can be so precise that you must have a blade with at least 80 teeth to reap the benefits . However , I still give it 5 stars because it is so accurate and has plenty of power .
 This is the best money I have spent on a tool yet ! I am glad I did n't jump right away and get the Dewalt 705s . This is a MUCH better saw . Dead accurate out of the box and the TwinLaser is completely awesome . It really saves time when aligning those precision cuts ! I am not exactly Bob Villa , but for a beginning woodworker/home DIYer , it is the best tool for the money you can get !
 I bought this saw to help me build my new log home . I thought it would be good for framing and such . . I forgot that I have to put up at least 3000 sq ft of T&G pine ceiling . . The saw has worked Great ! Iam a homeowner and General Contractor on this project . I love the laser and so does everyone who sees it and then uses it . I Just wish I would have bought it sooner on this project .
 I bought this saw to replace my Hitachi 10 '' . The first draw back is the Delta only goes to 47 degrees as my hitachi could go out to 60 degrees . After setting up the saw and squaring up the fence I went to set up the lasers and ran into some problems . The hole milled for the left laser was slightly over sized causing the laser to jump and not be true to the blade . I took a center punch and put a couple of punches around the outside of the housing and it tightened right up . Other then these draw backs this is a great saw . For the price you just can not beat it . I still can not believe the Porter Cable -LRB- same saw -RRB- is so high priced .
 This saw is as good as everyone says . The only positive comment I can add is that the startup and brake torque is the lowest of any miter saw I 've ever used.I do have one correction to the specs . Amazon claims this saw will bevel left 48 degrees and right 3 degrees . Perhaps you could if you adjusted the stops out that far , but this is not a really a feature . My 10 '' Milwaukee has spring loaded stops so you can bevel past 0 and 45 a few degrees . This is handy for under cutting a lay-down miter with the work piece on the left side of the blade or for tipping a stand-up miter to the right . If this Delta had that capability it would be the perfect single bevel miter saw .
 If any of you know anything about cutting crown molding , you 'll appreciate this saw . For hobbiest like myself I enjoy learning new things but appreciate all the help I can get either by someone 's knowledge or a tool that makes things simple . I am buying this saw after watching a buddy of mine use his and seeing how well it worked . It is a great tool for taking the guess work out of miter cutting . Like I said I am a wood working hobbiest and do sell a few pieces but as the old saying goes time is money . With this saw you can forget about guess work when cuttin beveled cuts . I 'm sure alot of you have cut a piece too long before to make sure you still have plenty of material left and still maybe have to cut the molding another time or two to ensure plenty of material for fit . I 've learned the hard way in the past ya get what you pay for and I have way too many horror stories with cheap tools to waste anymore time or money .
 My 18 year old Black and Decker miter saw finally passed away and went to tool heaven . I did a bunch of research and bought a Dewalt 705S . After a couple of cuts I noticed some minor play -LRB- flex -RRB- in the table . Back to the big box store it went . After some more research , I purchased this Delta miter saw . Wow ! This saw is built like a battle ship . Everything is very rigid and precision cutting is now the norm . The twin lasers are god-sent . I love being able to see exactly what material the blade is removing before the cut is made . I 'm hooked on the dual laser concept . Like other reviewers have noted , battleships are heavy , and this saw is no exception . I knew that prior to purchasing , and decided it that accuracy and craftsmanship were more important than weight . I have to admit , I 've thought about buying a portable stand . It 's been about a year since buying this Delta . Without question , I would purchase this saw again in an instant .
 Great service by Amazon . They sent a replacement for the first saw , 2nd day delivery , no charge , return shipping paid , no problems.Both saws had the exact same problem
 I 've had this saw for about four months now and it has seen considerable use ! After reading all the reviews I wo n't bore you with more spec 's . Let me just say that I sold my DW705 to purchase this one and have not regretted it for an instant . Much more solid and holds its settings . Great job on this one .
 After much consternation and review I bought a Delta Bench top Jointer . I read the many reviews which most were negative . However , my needs were for a small jointer which I could easily move as I have a very small work space , so I decided to take the plunge . My observations follow : Fence
 My first jointer . With a good square and some patience , I was able to turn out perfectly flat surfaces and dead 90 degree corners in less than an hour after opening the box . I used light machine oil on all the threads and moving adjustable metal parts . I like the light weight for mobility in my small shop . Five stars for value and performance .
 The guy who could n't joint with this thing
 This is a perfect jointer for small jobs and small shops . The fence is not 100 % true , but it 's only fractionally off -LRB- .05 inch ! -RRB- . I think that with some tweaking -LRB- beyond the limits of my patience -RRB- it could true up to 90 degrees with the table . It is fairly light , definitely portable and combined with my 12 inch Delta planer , works just dandy and gives me great performance . The price is outstanding and I heartily recommend this for the occasional woodworker .
 I bought my jointer and had it set up in about 15 minutes.the only problems i had were the knives.the knives that came with it kept chipping out.I sharpened them 2 times and kept having the same problems.I purchased 2 new sets of knives and the problems were gone.I must have just gotten a bad set.I love mine.Worth every penny .
 A great machine for the homeowner or occasional woodworker . I set up and ran the machine in under 45 minutes . Requires some fine tuning to get it perfectly square but the trueing up of the fence is wihtin my average abilities.The results are nothing less than excellent for my furniture building projects . Very few machining marks left on qs white oak boards and they were easily sanded off by hand . Little tear out on burled walnut and qs white oak . By my standards this machine turns out perfectly square boards for furniture making . As with most machines you will get the best results by making several shallow cuts on your stock versus making one or two deep cuts.UPDATE!I had some problems with wood accumulating under the blades which caused uneven planing . When I went to remove the blades the bolts holding them down were stuck -LRB- factory installed bolts -RRB- . I tried everything to get them out and even drilled out one bolt and the easy-out broke while I tried to back the bolt out ! Customer support was helpful and sent new parts UPS and they arrived in a few days but the hassle was too great for a -LSB- money -RSB- machine . Cuts are now good again .
 I also bought this despite reading bad reviews , but I do n't mind tinkering to get top performance out of a tool . Here 's the surprise - very little tinkering needed . It actually is a well designed and powerful machine , and a value at the price.The fence that shipped is extruded aluminum , solid enough and very easy to adjust . I have had no difficulties getting it to stay at the desired angles . I use a Swanson speed square for right angles and a sliding t-bevel for the odd angle . It stays in place and is strong enough for the milling of cabinet members . It is true that the lock handles are plastic . I expect them to break some day when I 'm in a hurry.The issue of the dust port was easily solved . I cut a cover plate for the rectangular opening out of transparant plastic -LRB- so that I can see if shavings are accumulating -RRB- . I popped the round plugs out and put the nozzle of my wall-mount dust collector in one of the holes . The shavings are evacuated very well now.The noise level is acceptably low . I wish they had carbide knife blade replacements . The high speed steel blades mar too easily for my taste.Last note
 if you are looking for your first jointer for a small shop , this is the machine for you . i know that personally , i will outgrow the shopmaster quickly , but space and money restraints made this a second choice over the full-sized models . no complaints as to the abilities of this jointer .
 I 've noticed with all delta tools , half seem to be pieces of crap and the other half seem to be real good quality.This tool does just what I need it to do when i 'm out on the job site . It 's lightweight and compact , so I have no trouble fitting it into the truck . I 've found it especially useful when installing kitchen cabinets.However if i 'm in the workshop I would n't even look at this tool . You definetly need a good quality floor model ... I would recomend the Powermatic .
 This is the second Delta benchtop jointer I 've owned and I love it . It takes up little more space than a briefcase and yet does a great job . A certain amount of care is necessary when jointing long pieces , due to the short table length , but anyone buying this item will know that going in . It is a well engineered and solidly constructed piece of equipment that does a great job .
 I will start my review by saying this is n't a top of the like , high dollar professional machine . If you are looking for something like that , the DJ20 is what you need . However , if you are a hobbyist or beginner when it comes to wood working , this is a great little power tool . It took me almost no time to set it up and start jointing material . The fence is difficult to get to a true 90 degrees , but it can be done with a little time and a square . The variable speed is nice , and helps to minimize snipe . It is lightweight but the rubber pads keep it from moving on your bench , and it is pretty quiet too . Amazon has the best price on this tool I have seen , and no shipping charges only makes it better . If you enjoy wood working in your garage like me , and do n't have the space or ca n't afford the cost of a DJ20 , then this machine will fill the gap nicely . For what it is , the people it is targeted for , and the cost , I give this machine five stars .
 I read every single review here , and was amazed at the different reactions and reviews . So here 's another for you to peruse.This jointer is not for serious woodworking.The out of the box setup took less than 15 minutes , including calibration . -LRB- Patience my friends , and read the instructions . -RRB- I have run nothing but red oak through this machine for nearly two months now . Each and every board came out perfect . No need to use brute force . A gentle touch will do it . To date I have built a complete bed frame , headboard and foot board and two night stands . I have also completed a coffee table and end table . Again , completely of red oak.The longest pieces I have run through the machine have been 6 ' , with little or no effort.I have not had to re-calibrate the machine since taking it out of the box . And I am constantly changing the depth of cut and bevel.Now for the RUH ROH ... I finally had to change the blades . Unfortunately , as with some other reviewers , the screws were frozen . I did end up rounding off 3 of the screws , and ended up using a screw extractor to remove them . Replacement screws were easy to come by.So there you have it . I am VERY happy with this machine and would recommend it to any beginner to intermediate woodworker for doing small projects .
 Some of the fence parts are not smooth and the fence does n't adjust easily but once set , it works great . I can actually hook vacume pickup on the bench beside the chip chute and that works well to collect all the chips . I use only pretty fine cuts and several passes as I have better control -LRB- on any jointer -RRB- . Overall I 'm happy with the purchase .
 Great machine and a great price . Easy to transport from shelf to workbench when needed . Real quiet . Nice fence . Overall very satisfied !!
 Having a jointer makes woodworking/carpentry so much easier and this one has lived up to the hype so far . I did n't order it from Amazon so I ca n't say about shipping/handling . However , setup and initial use were easy and it 's fairly quiet -LRB- as far as shop tools go -RRB- . Had it now for about four months and it 's already paid for itself in headaches and hassle alone ... or lack thereof.I recommend this tool to anyone who does n't want to brake the bank just to get good tools .
 I borrowed this unit from a friend of mine and really liked how it cut for what I needed . This unit is in Delta 's ShopMaster line of product . The same product , but I believe an earlier model , is the 37-070R which is a reconditioned unit . Same unit , but the reconditioned unit will be a bit cheaper and reconditioned units will only come with a 1yr warranty instead of 2yrs . I have read dozens of reviews on this machine . Though most of them were positive , some would not recommend this machine for reasons of bad customer service from Delta , in-feed and out-feed tables not level , and fence problems . Delta Customer Service was extremely good ! I know what good & bad customer service is as I spent 20yrs with HP in customer service.A yellow sheet of paper comes with all Delta products saying if you have questions or concerns DO NOT contact who you purchased it from , but call Delta at 800-223-7278 . I had two problems ; one that the `` plastic shoe '' , part of the guard assembly , was broken and two the in-feed & out-feed tables were not both square with the fence . They are going to ship me the plastic shoe and I should get it in the next couple days . The gal I talked to at Delta said a service technician would call me back right away on my other problem . It took four minutes for a call back.Fred at Delta -LRB- thanks Fred ! -RRB- talked me through how to level the in-feed table so I could get it square with the fence as it was about 1/16 '' off when the out-feed table was square . This took about 5 minutes . Using pieces of aluminum foil for shims under the in-feed table on one side to get it square with the fence was very simple to do . I was able to square the fence in about 15 minutes . You do n't want to adjust the out-feed table as it is much harder to deal with.This unit cuts perfectly and is intended for small -LRB- less then 3 ' in my opinion -RRB- lengths of material . If you need to work with longer lengths of material then buy a full size jointer . Though if you supported the weight of your material using roller stands on both sides of the jointer I would guess you will get some good results.Another tip I use is to put a few drops of dry lube -LRB- a wet lube will work also but wet lubes attract dust -RRB- between the fence slide bracket and the fence bracket so when you need to adjust the fence it moves easily . When you have aluminum trying to slide on aluminum it tends to bind a little . I 'm not sure if Delta would recommend this , but it works well for me.Thanks Delta!The Bird ManProfessional WoodworkerFranktown , CO
 Setup
 I have limited shop space so I chose this benchtop jointer . I typically make small table tops , raised panel doors , and drawer fronts with pine and maple . For these projects , this jointer has served me well . The machine is easy to set-up and operate , and light and compact so that I can store it when I need workbench space for other tools . If I had a bigger shop , I probably would have purchased a stationary jointer since I hate moving tools around . But in reality , this jointer has all the power and capacity that my projects require and it is half the price of the cheapest stationary jointers . If budget and space are not limited , then get the stationary jointer . Otherwise , I think most hobbiests would be satisfied with this jointer .
 After reading all of reviews & comments I decided on the Delta JT160 and I hav n't been disapointed yet ! Yes , I know all the real shop guys have the big base mounted units , but I need to have the ability -LRB- by my self -RRB- to bring the unit to the job site . The unit works great and does everything I expect it to do . I did put industrial anti-seize on each set screw -LRB- they did ` nt come loose yet !! -RRB- for the blades and checked and set everything , about an 1/2 hr to do it all . I saved countless hrs finishing up some custom trim , that I did before with lots of sanding , and these look better . These were 10 ft pieces that I simply used extra stands and lots of constant pressure to prevent any sniping .
 Do n't let this the size of this machine fool you , it packs a big punch like the bigger ones . First , the package arrived in less than a week and was soundly packaged to avoid damage . Set up was a breeze , the hardest part was setting the fence to 90 degrees . Motor runs quite and is perfect for the woodworker who is working with small pieces and has limited floor space . In fact I purchased the tool mount kit from Trac Rac -LRB- $ 53 -RRB- and keep the jointer on a shelf and place it on the Trac Rac Miter Stand when I need it . I have only one suggestion , the jointer has a rectangular opening at the bottom of the far side for the chip exhaust , but no way to hooking up a hose ? I am in the process of making a cover that will accept a hose attachment , but Delta should make an accessory for the chute for dust collection . Other than that I give the machine a thumbs up .
 This is not a professional jointer but it delivers excellent results . I down-sized from a larger 3 blade floor model to this little bench model . It probably will not work on long stock but gives better results . Set-up was quick and easy . Cuts are square and smooth with no ripple . Variable speeds allow adjustment for different types of stock . Excellent value !!
 I have owned this bench top jointer for a few months now . I was a little hesitant on spending $ 200 . But this tool is worth it . It runs quiet and very smooth . Every part of the tool is made solid , except for one thing . The clamps to adjust the fence are weak plastic . And in some placements they actually run into one another , so you ca n't completely tighten down the height or the angle . That is my only complaint . I would recommend this tool for anyone on the market for any jointer , to check this one out .
 Bought this unit about a month ago for my `` winter shop '' in the basement . Setup took about an hour as I waxed all the moving parts on the fence , table and dust chip chute prior to putting it together . Knives were properly set from the factory . Table and fence were flat and only took a few minutes to adjust . Turned it on and squared a 3ft long by 4in wide quartersawn oak board almost as fast as my summer shop jointer.I was surprised at the glass finish it produced . Do n't know how long the blades will stay sharp and not chip , but if they last through a winter , replacement blades are on $ 12 , which is n't much for a good finish .
 I have this Delta jointer from Amazon and here is how I got there
 My husband is very happy with his new `` toy '' . Loves to make cabinets , furniture , etc. . He is a true craftsman and is enjoying his planer . Would recommend this item to anyone who is serious about making perfect wood furniture , etc. . We rate this product very highly . Product was delivered as mentioned and in perfect condition !
 Excellent benchtop jointer . We purchased this about 7 years ago and it is still going strong . There are bigger ones , more expenssive models and those with a more bells and whistles but this is a great price , solid build and does what it is meant to do ... for seven years . Completely satisfied with the purchase and recommend to anyone in need of a decent priced performer .
 Tool is fairly good for a jointer in this price range . it is powerfull enough to plain 6 '' rock maple without stalling -LRB- although at minimium stock removal -RRB-
 I had no problem with this benchtop jointer . I have very limited space in my shop so it is just right for me . Some people who have written bad reviews about this benchtop jointer recommend buying a full sized unit instead . I wish they would come look at my shop and tell me where I should put a full size jointer .
 After reading all 53 or so reviews for this jointer at least once I realized that the very bad reviews were all written a long time ago and the recent reviews were mainly good , so I figured maybe Delta had a bad run then and has since fixed it so I bought this on a weekend sale . The jointer arrived quick and in good shape . The table is flat , there 's a minor deviation but it 's so small and my straightedge is a carpenter square that may not be the best tool for checking the table . The fence is straight , it does take a little adjusting to get square but it 's possible . I tried to loosen the screws to adjust the knives before realizing the knives are adjusted right on out of the box . The screws are VERY tight . I stripped the supplied hex wrench on one of them . I 'm glad it was the wrench and not the screw . With another hex wrench I made sure I could turn all the screws before the return period was up . I ran a piece of 1x3 pine over it and the results were good , a nice smooth , square edge . I have n't used it except for the 1x3 test but I think it 'll suit me fine .
 I have many delta tools in my small shop and I have to agree with many of the comments on both sides with this Jointer . For the $ $ it is indeed a good value but it is NOT intended for the professional . Small outfeed table , shaky fence and with only 2 blades you ca n't possibly expect a 5 star review when looking for a top end shop tool . Still though Delta , for me , as a weekend warrior makes the tools right for me . I 've owned and used the same 10 '' power miter saw for 10 + years and it 's still the best soldier I own . Do n't expect high production rates out of the budget line tools and you wo n't be disappointed . Need the tool to run 4 hours/day on a daily basis invest in more and you wo n't be here writing bad reviews on something you purchased because of the price . I 'm always amazed when I read comments from ppl trying to catch lightening in a bottle and when they do n't they decide to slam a product they bought that they did n't HAVE to but chose to . Love my jointer . Love the price I paid .
 Okay , I purchased this tool from somewhere else and was looking for the DC connector when I read the reviews here . My feeling after reading the ones on the main page of the tool is that this must be a different jointer , so I checked , nope same one . Which leaves one other conclusion , the people who have reviewed it so poorly must not be using correct technique when they use the machine.I have had this tool for about 3 years and have had no problems . I regularly edge joint boards up to 6 foot in length with no problem . It has plenty of power to joint 4 inch thick padauk , and the fence while alittle quirksome , holds true to whatever angle I set it.Like I said , the only thing I can come up with is that the reviewers either do n't actually own the machine , are applying too much preasure at the top of the fence -LRB- pressure should be applied at the middle to bottom of any fence -RRB- and must be allowing the board to tip as they joint -LRB- once you have about a foot of board on the outfeed side , all downward pressure should be on that table -RRB- . Again , not the best tool . Not expected to be . Will I eventually upgrade ? yeah , but not a priority in my shop . It works for me .
 I would recommend this machine for the average woodworker . It fits great under the bench , when not in use , and I have used it to joint hard wood like oak and hard maple . It was easy to adjust the fence and knives .
 Handled 5.5 '' Oak like butter , easy to setup , has a sturdy fence -LRB- much better than Grizzly -RRB- . If you are looking for a good quality bench top jointer look no further .
 I have to admit - I was very apprehensive about buying this jointer after reading all the negative reviews . But - I think this is one of the best equipment purchases I made in terms of price/performance ratio . I 've used floor models , and they are better , but this unit really does the same thing if you use proper technique . As an added bonus , this unit is light and portable , so there 's no need to give up floor space for permanently setting up the jointer . I get it out , use it , and put it away as-needed . Great for the small shop.The motor is powerful despite the jointer 's diminutive size . I 've had no problems face jointing rough-cut white oak , and even ran some `` case hardened '' white oak through it and it face jointed the wood without a hitch . The knives stay sharp a long time , and are easy to resharpen if you make a jig to hold them at a 41 degree angle and use wet or dry type sandpaper -LRB- I start with 600 grit , and work up to 1500 -RRB- . New knives are cheap if you want to go that route.A few negatives : * As noted in another review , the table is aluminum and is proneto scratching . * The setup can be frustrating , and takes some time . I have aheck of a time setting the fence at a bevel angle because theangle shifts every time you tighten down the fence . I recommendthis jointer for 90 degree cuts only because the fence is sodifficult to adjust . * This unit does not attach to a dust control system as-is ; youmust buy the 4 '' dust control shroud -LRB- @ about $ 30 -RRB- to hook it upto your dust control system . But - I am pleased to note that theshroud is made of heavy gauge steel and works perfectly . * Be sure to adjust the knives before using it ; mine were out ofadjustment out-of-the-box . Overall , I would n't hesitate to buy this jointer again . Maybe someday I 'll want to move up to a floor-model . When I do , I figure I can sell this jointer for at least a $ 100 and recoup half of the purchase price .
 I purchased this mainly because I was left no real option for a jointer . I had heard to flee from the name `` Shopmaster '' , but , logistically I could n't deal with the way , and expense , most companies want to ship a floor model -LRB- and get it to were I want it -RRB- . I felt Grizzly wants way too much for shipping their bench model , so with a great deal of trepidation , I purchased the Delta Shopmaster.The instructions were simple and there really is n't too much to put together anyway . What I read about the fence is accurate , it is flimsy . My fence was flat and I got it square without too much problem - I used square angle irons and clamped them to the base and evened the fence out that way . Even so , thanks to guy with the idea of building an MDF fence and low friction tape - I 'm going to do that.Still , out of the box and set on 1/64 , it did a fine job of jointing and facing a cupped pine board and a fair job -LRB- a little snipe -RRB- of jointing a maple board.The dust chute did tend to fill up and clog with shavings , had to dig them out with my hand . Even so , with the problems it clearly has , I 'm giving it four stars for now because it solves my need for a jointer and the other companies make it such a problem to either buy -LRB- not in stock/don ' t carry jointers -RRB- or transport -LRB- expensive freight trucking/home delivery -RRB- . By the time I need a real floor model , I should have solved my other problems , so , yes , I 'd buy this one again .
 ASSEMBLY
 In large part because of other reviewers ' comments regarding their problems , I purchased this unit from a local supplier -LRB- sorry , Amazon -RRB- . When I got it home and examined it , I found that both the infeed and outfeed tables were about 1/32 inch high in their respective centers . I called Delta customer service , and they told me that they did n't recommend my installing replacement tables myself , and that they were back ordered anyway . They suggested I return it to my local supplier , which I did the next day . My supplier sent it to the Delta factory service center across town . Three and a half weeks later , I still did not have a jointer . It turns out that the Delta factory service center could n't get the replacement tables either.My supplier brought in a complete replacement jointer for me , and we opened the box and checked the tables with a square . They were dead on . To be fair , the Delta technician said that he had n't seen one of these `` with bad tables right out of the box for some time now '' , and the first unit I got was a floor model that could have been sitting there for some time.I agree with the other reviewers . The fence adjustment mechanism is laughable . It makes setting the fence to any angle at all VERY difficult , but with about 20 minutes of work I got it set to 90 degrees - where I plan to leave it!Once past these little tribulations , the results the jointer produces are excellent . I 'm just a wood hacking hobbyist and probably do n't have `` professional '' expectations , but I 'm very happy with what this little unit does for me .
 This is my first Jointer and so far I love it . I bought this to help me build my kitchen cabinets for a new home and I do n't know how I ever got along without one before .
 Despite the negative reviews I took a chance and ordered this bench top jointer from Amazon because of the great price and free shipping . I 'm happy to say I was delighted . I have had it for about a month now and it is working well . As described in the instructions , it only took about 30 minutes to set it up . The fence was right on for 90 degrees right out of the box . I make small boxes and other small craft items and this jointer is perfect for this type of work . I can re-saw small pieces , clean them up on the jointer and they are ready for final sanding . There two things to be aware of
 This review is for those of us that tinker around in the man cave every now and then . If you 're looking for a professional grade machine , pay the $ 1000 for something else.This machine is easy to set-up and use . I have joined and planed about fifty uses and no issues at all . Love the easy adjustments.I have taken wooden pallets and refurbished the wood into beautiful stock .
 I bought this as a closeout for only $ 100.00 so I can not complain about anything . It is the perfect size for my small shop . The set up was fairly easy except for squaring the fence which took a little while . The table was pretty good right out of the box . I 've used it to face and edge joint some smaller stock to make drawers and and small table top and it worked great . I kept the setting at about 1/32 '' and that was fine . I probably would n't go more than 1/8 '' even on soft pine . The dust/chip collection is n't all that great . I keep it on the edge of my bench with a trashcan positioned to capture the chips . My jointer was missing the push blocks out of the box ; I contacted customer service and new blocks were sent out immediately . My biggest complaint would be the fence as it is only passable . Another reviewer mentioned making a new fence from MDF and I think that it 's a great idea only I would veneer melamine or hardboard to the MDF.I think this jointer will work fine for anybody jointing smaller stock -LRB- roughly 4ft or so and shorter -RRB- and if you keep your removal depth on the light side -LRB- which I think is good advice for any planer/jointer -RRB- It 's a great size for a smaller shop . Even if I had paid full price I would feel satisfied with my purchase .
 Just purchased this little powerhouse and let me tell you , thismachine setup like a dream -LRB- about half hour -RRB- and did everythingits larger brother would do.It is very accurate and took verylittle calibration to get it right on the money.Also if you wantto run boards 4/5/6 feet long across that is no problem either.Just make some portable extentions and you have $ ... machinefor $ ... I have a workshop about 12x24 not big but not small and I couldhave put the larger model in.But the way I see it , this machinewill do the job and save room for more delta machinery in the near future.Also I do not baby my machinery , I use it very oftenand expect nothing less than perfect performance -LRB- rule of thumbfor me is 98 % of the time -RRB- . So what are you still doing reading this for , you mean to tell me you have n't left to BUY ONE YET . Ok I understand its not payday yet.So charge it , just go get it , you deserve it .
 This tool came in fine shape and was easy to assemble . It seems to cut very well .
 Excellent product , easy for a beginner woodworker to set up and operate . Kind of heavy so plan where you are going to mount and use it before permanent installation .
 This jointer is a gift for someone , have opened it up to check it and plug it in to make sure that the motor runs , But have not did any workwith it , but at this time and what I have seen it looks good.Thank You .
 I bought this tool used from Amazon . It looked new when it arrived . I tested it on some maple and oak . It did fine as long as it was kept to 1/16 '' or less . No problems after 2 months of use . The main thing to remember with these bench top tools is do n't push them too hard .
 Jointer is what I needed and works as advertised . I would like to see an improvement on the discharge chute . It leaves a lot to be desired dumping shavings on the workbench or floor . Other brands are supplied with vacuum connections for collection of cuttings . Delta sells them as accessories .
 I have a very small shop . I build guitars for a hobby . I bought this to use for back and top jointing . I 've done 3 so far and each seam has been factory perfect.It fits my needs well .
 I received this unit for xmas , took all of about 10 minutes to setup . It could n't be eaiser , I did it while talking on the phone . Ran a piece of 10/4 Mohagany . After 3 passes had a perfectly square edge .
 Husband just loved this piece of equipment . He has used it almost every day . He would highly recommend it to anyone interested in this product .
 I purchased this hoping I would be lucky enough to get flat tables , but willing to have it fixed if not . Well , that would be `` not '' . Oh well . I wanted a light portable jointer that I could set up for a 90 degree fence , 1/32 '' depth of cut , and leave it there forever . The fence is a bit of a pain to set , but is reasonably stable when it 's set , and with the aluminum tables it 's light enough to easily move into and out of use . I will be dropping it by the service center -LRB- not too far away for me , luckily -RRB- to get new tables while I 'm out of town anyway , so aside from the hassle of driving to and from , I 'll have a hand-tuned , light jointer when I 'm done . For the price , I guess that 's fair.August 2004 update
 I was really concerned about purchasing this jointer because of the high amount of negative reviews . However , with my limited space and budget , I did n't have much of a choice . I went ahead and bought it and I have been pleasantly surprised!The jointer set up in a manner of minutes . The fence is not the best thing that I have ever seen , but it only took me about three minutes to get it square . I only plan on jointing ninety degree edges , so the fence issues do n't really bother me . I like the control knobs and switches . The product feels like higher quality that the $ 197 that I spent -LRB- sorry Amazon , not purchased here ... -RRB- . I am wondering if it 's kind of luck-of-the-draw item ... see what you are going to get when you open the box.I think that if you are looking for a small price and a space saver , you will be happy with this jointer !
 This machine carries my highest recomendation as its features and performance was far above my expectations for the low price . A joy to own and run !
 I 've used this Jointer for the past few months and so far I 've been impressed . It arrived almost perfectly squared with minimal effort to get it to 100 % . It 's handled hard and soft wood small stock well . Larger items tend to be more challenging unless you set up a stable outfeed table . While you wo n't get museum quality flatness with hardwood , it definitely answers the mail for smaller home products . It was a lot quieter than I expected . The only downside I 've observed it that softwood shavings tend to build up on the outfeed side , even with a vacuum port attachment . I 've found that after a few passes , I have to stop and vacuum up into the outfeed recess . Otherwise for the price and limited space it take , I 've been impressed .
 FINSIH CARPENTERS DREAM !!!!! I have to admit that I do agree with a most of the negative aspects of this machine but i just bought my second one , -LRB- seven years later -RRB- and my first has cleaned up MILES of soft wood -LRB- pine , alder , larch -RRB- that i install on some pretty amazing homes in Lake Tahoe CA . The old one still works but the variable speed swith is starting to fail -LRB- it 's $ 250 + ! -RRB- and i love this machine so much i ca n't have any down time without it ! It deserves every bit of four stars , if the fence was better , I would give it five . Every tool has it 's place , and this one is a must for every jobsite . I consider it one of my ESSENTIAL power small tools for interior trim . I have a Roussau tablesaw set up and I take this machine and clamp it to the right side of the saw and use for anything I need to clean up or taper . No need to walk to the garage to use the big one , take three steps to the right instead ! It is THE MACHINE to taper boards 10 feet or under . It is the RIGHT ARM of my cut table and small scale milling set up I move around the home . Talk about saving those time consuming trips across the house to use the big boy . I can blow thru a room trim out because of this machine ! Moving your cut station from room to room ? It sure is nice to easily have your jointer accompany you . I have worked with crews that only use a big jointer on the sweetest of sweetest of homes and you ca n't tell the differance between what jointner did what . I will say it again ... every tool have its place . The table is short and can be a little difficlt on longer boards but it that is what the biggy is for . You do have to keep your eye on the fence for square but once it 's set , it stays pretty close too true -LRB- 128th + , 1/64 - !? -RRB- and you should always have a extra set of knives for every job , they are only high speed steel and do n't hold up to a lot of knots . They are fairly easy to change and adjust , 20 to 30 mins . Have fun out there !
 the blower did n't work . hose was kinked.after a short test run I decided to open up the side panel , I noticed a small pile of metal filings . I took the top and bottom pivit bolts out to oil them , they had never been oiled . the bottom bearing was worn . I oiled the pivit points , seems to work alright , do n't know for how long ...
 I am new to using a Scroll Saw . Setting up the saw was not too difficult and it is a substantial piece of equiptment . I have only had a little time to work with the saw but it works well .
 for the little i use a scroll saw , i couldnt see dropping too much money . so i jumped when this baby went on sale . i am not dissapointed with my purchase . it has a nice big cast iron top . it vibrates a little , but not enough to complain about . i havent cut anything wider than 3/4 , but i wouldnt be afraid to try it . with the appropriate feed rate , i dont see a problem with this machine handling most anything you could through at it . just remember , you get what you pay for . if you want zero vibration , more bells and whistles , etc , yes you will have to spend more . but this is a good machine for the money
 I am a professional scroll sawyer and I use my Delta every day . It has proven to be a real work horse . A few things broke on it after a couple months of constant use but I was easily able to get replacement parts either at Big Orange or Sears . I feel that an expensive saw will not replace skill at using it . Save some money and buy this saw , anchor it to a bench and you will be happy . A Hegner cost $ 1,000 !! and is not 10 times better than this saw . This is a great value !!! Great for fretwork .
 I have the two speed version of this saw which I bought over 10 years ago . I am a professional crafter , and have used this saw to cut litteraly thousands of board feet of lumber . I cut 3/4 '' thick wood every day for at least 4-5 hours a day and have had no problems with this saw . It cuts through 1/8 '' thick to 1 1/8 '' thick wood like a hot knife through butter . It is solidly built -LRB- weighing in at just over 46lbs -RRB- and easy to use . The quickset blade holders make changing blades effortless . The price of this saw just ca n't be beat either . It has actually gone DOWN since I bought it 10 years ago . All in all this is an excellent saw for either the home hobbyist or pro crafter .
 I have the two speed version of this saw which I bought over 10 years ago . I am a professional crafter , and have used this saw to cut litteraly thousands of board feet of lumber . I cut 3/4 '' thick wood every day for at least 4-5 hours a day and have had no problems with this saw . It cuts through 1/8 '' thick to 1 1/8 '' thick wood like a hot knife through butter . It is solidly built -LRB- weighing in at just over 46lbs -RRB- and easy to use . The quickset blade holders make changing blades effortless . The price of this saw just ca n't be beat either . It has actually gone DOWN since I bought it 10 years ago . All in all this is an excellent saw for either the home hobbyist or pro crafter .
 A little over two years ago I bought a Delta SS250 Variable Speed Scroll Saw to replaced my old Dewalt 20 inch Variable Speed Scroll Saw after the motor burned for the second time in only two years of service . I have been using my SS250 for over two years now with no problems . Some of the other saw I have use have a table that pivots both right and left , this is the one draw back with the SS250 , it only pivots to the left . However , this has not been a problem for me and the work that I do . If you do n't need a saw bigger the 16 inches , there is no need to buy a more expensive saw . The SS250 is a very well made saw and is unsurpassed in quality , and if you do n't need a table that tilts both left and right , you ca n't do any better with any saw on the market . There 's nothing you ca n't do with this saw that you can do with any other , no matter how much you pay , and the SS250 is more powerful and built better then most I have used , including my old 20 inch Dewalt Scroll Saw that I paid almost $ 400.00 for . I 'm not saying that the SS250 is the best 16 inch saw on the market , I 'm saying it 's as good as any saw on the market , and it 's built like a tank ! I do wish the variable speed dial and power switch was in the front of the saw , but this no big deal.I would recommend the Delta SS250 to anyone looking for a 16 inch variable speed scroll saw that 's well built and has a powerfull heavyduty motor , and will stand up to extensive uses over long periods of time . The variable speed range is as wide as any 16 inch saw on the market , you can work with both hard and soft woods and metals , or just about any other material . Also with the SS250 there 's very little vibration , making it a great saw for fret work also .
 I got this saw 7 months ago and have put many hours cutting 1/8th to 1 '' wood , hard and soft with no problems . I have placed the saw on an old end table -LRB- unbolted -RRB- and there is very little vibration if any . The blade changing is very fast and can be done in seconds not minutes . First thing I recommend if you buy this saw is throw away the blades that come with it and get some good ones -LRB- not delta -RRB- . It will make a BIG difference . Only one problem I found and that is the table only tilts one direction and makes it difficuly to do relief cutting . I fully recommend this saw to anyone .
 I have seen much better but for the price this is n't bad . You have to really pay attention to where you install the device and two would do the job better .
 Used with the &#34; Blum Blumotion Adapter Plate Face Frame Zinc Die Cast &#34; , I added this stop to a couple dozen cabinet doors . They have all worked fine for several years . Just the right feel . I can slam -LRB- not hard -RRB- all the doors and they come to a gentle stop .
 great price ! Good product , shopped around and Amazon beat the price by $ 40 or more !!
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my son . It arrived quickly and my son was very happy with it .
 This drill press is small in size only . It has all the power one needs in a home work shop . Whether making holes in a piece of wood , metal , plastic , or using it for disc sanding with the Delta Drum sanding wheels , this drill press will handle any job you can put on it 's table . Great addition to any workshop or garage.Delta has done a fine job once again .
 For such a popular brand , getting any Delta product serviced is a pain . I live in the DC area and it 's a 2 hour round trip to drop it off and 2 hours to pick it up.DON ' T LOSE THE CHUCK KEY ! It 's a different diameter to any of the others you have lying around , and you have to call Delta to get a replacement . I had to grind down a different key as an interim replacement.Besides all that , its a fine machine for the money . I 've even used the mortising attachment a few times . But with a 12 '' drill press , you 'll only get a 2 1/2 '' mortise . So , if you will be doing basic light drilling , this is your drill press .
 Just to note ... the two-year old Delta 12 '' model 11-990 which the troublesome DP300 replaced is still available at a discount from some industrial tool suppliers . I purchased one about two months ago . It is the exact same drill press with all of the same specifications , including being made in China.So far , it has been a very good tool and I have no complaints , especially considering the reduced price . I wrote a review on it last month.It 's possible that since technically it is an older model , it may have been made to higher standards , because as everyone in the woodworking industry now knows , Delta 's continued cost cutting shift to its overseas production facilities has produced increasingly inferior products over the last few years . This is especially true for their low priced light home duty `` ShopMaster '' series and medium priced commercial product line.Considering the fact that Delta owns these overseas facilities , if they exercised better material selection , manufacturing techniques and quality control , this would n't be such an issue . Unfortunately for everyone , overall product quality as well as Delta 's reputation are now almost completely in the tank .
 This is a nice small drill press , runs nice and is quiet to run and works well , one thing that I found out is that the tool rest if you put it on as directed you can not pivot the table off to the side . I cut the bracket down a litte shorter and put it above the top ring and this works well . The only other thing is the depth stop is not as positive stop as on a Craftsman bench top otherwise it is a good unit .
 I bought the older version , 11-990 , but see no differences . Delta has dropped in quality to be competitive $ $ $ . I was reading the other reviews in the older model # and people do have valid complaints about the instructions , the assembly , and the plastic that Delta is using.For myself I could n't spend the extra money and am happy with this one . It does seem odd hammering the quill on and if it 's not done right trouble will follow.The belt housing is plastic . Also , the knobs for the handles were not the right thread , but Delta sent replacements.Prepare to spend a couple of hours and a can of WD-40 getting the rust-inhibiting material off the metal . I guess they did n't want it rusting as it came across the ocean !
 I have had this planer for two years . It is very easy to change the blades and they are two sided and can flip them around when one side dulls . It works great . I wished I had the money to buy a 15 '' model with an induction motor . This tool is very loud and does get hot to the touch . It does a great job and snipe is minimal . It comes with an infeed and outfeed table . This is extra on the Dewalt model . I highly recommend getting the 4 '' dust chute . I wished the chip/dust chute was angled to the side . This would help tremendously with guiding my 4 '' dust hose away from the exiting stock .
 This planer delivered an even better performance than I expected.Very smooth operation and results . Very quiet .
 After some consideration , I bought this planer last summer . It was on sale through Amazon at the time for about $ 275 delivered . Since that also included a spare set of knives , it was a hard deal to beat . I 've put pine , basswood and maple through it with no complaints . You 're going to want to get the dust chute which is sold seperately though . Otherwise you 'll be spewing chips ALL over your workshop!I find that snipe is minimal , I 'm sure that 's due to the cutterhead lock which is a great feature available on many planers these days.Setup was simple with the only thing that needed to be done was assemble the stand and bolt the planer to it.All in all I think this is a great planer for the weekend woodworker who wo n't be sending 100 's of boardfeet a day through it .
 I picked this planer up for about $ 270 with free shipping . For the price and low to moderate usage , it ca n't be beat . Relatively little snipe . I have had trouble on occassion with feeding , but it has only been on very thing starting pieces -LRB- 1/4 '' inch -RRB- . Thicker lumber has n't been a problem at all . If you looking for an industrial , stationary planer , this is n't it . If you 're looking to plane a few board feet every time you do a project , wait for a sale and jump on it .
 A very well made Machine ; easy to use less snipe than many others . Be careful , First time blade change can be frustratingbecause of -LRB- factory Set Torque -RRB- . on blade retaining screws ! Hope your hex wrenchis stronger than mine .
 I 've used this little planer for over 3 years now . I 've ran dozens of different types of wood through it and really have not had a lick of trouble from the machine except that when trying to run the heavy , dense woods through , it sometimes requires a helping hand to push through . I 've never had any problems with burning or snipe . Everything was aligned and adjusted out of the box , just unpack , plug in and go . If this machines dies tomorrow , I feel like I 've gotten my money 's worth from it . But , it 's still going strong and is working as well as the day I brought it home . I would recommend it and I would buy it again after 3 years of regular use . I probably would rate this machine at 4 and a half stars , not 5 because of having to help with the infeed of heavier woods ... not a big deal at all , just know about .
 This planer is excellent . It requires virtually no set-up or calibration . It is practically ready to go out of the box . The performance is is outstanding and it is easy to use .
 This is my first planer - so I really have nothing to compare it with . Set up was very easy , most time consuming part was assembly of the stand - took about 20 minutes -LRB- even at my normal slow pace -RRB- . The planer itself was a snap - just install the knobs and remove some packing material and you are ready to go.I ran some maple and walnut throught it and was impressed with the finish , smooth as glass . I used a digital caliper to check thickness in several spots on the boards and they were pretty much dead on . The only thing I wish this machine had was some sort of `` final cut '' mechanism , so that you could preset your final dimension and not go any further with the plaining . I guess that is something you would expect on a much more expensive machine . I highly recommedn this planer to any home woodworker .
 I purchased the Delta 12 1/2 '' thickness planer with stand and am very pleased with its performance . Having previously rebuilt a DeWalt unit , I was reluctant to try an unfamiliar unit but relied on Delta 's reputation . Warning ! Be very careful in changing the cutter blades the first few times as they are very sharp and a bit small to handle at first . The settings and accuracy of the unit are excellent with depth cuts of no more than 3/64 '' which will not overwork the unit or dull the cutter blades . After planing some 35 board feet of maple , popular , and birch , I am still on the original blade edges . You wo n't go wrong with this unit .
 I bought this planer to prepare maple and birch dimensioned lumber for the cabinets I am making for my kitchen remodel . The two primary uses are making the face frame pieces identical in thickness and drawer conponents being squared up as I am making all dovetail drawers . I am quite satisfied with the machines overall quality . The only criticism is the feeding of the material into the planer could be better . With fir , redwood , and pine the feed works perfect . However with the very hard maple and birch it tends to slip and needs a helping hand . I would recommend this product to any of my friends as a very good value . I also have reviews for a makita router , porter cable dovetail jig , Kreg pocket screw jig , and porter cable brad nailer . John Papetti
 I bought this in mar 2003 and have used it exstensively withnothing less than exellent results . The finish quality , easysetup , and outstanding power for such a small machine is nothingless than you can expect from delta.For the smallshop , or inbetween shop , this powerhouse is a must ! Buy it you wo n't be sorry . Also get the dusthood acc . with an elbow and use the suction part acc . of your leaf blower and you will have 0 yes I mean 0 woodchips & dust works excellent !
 After usuing this product for just over a month , I can safely say that this was an excellent purchase . Setup was fairly simple , -LRB- The stand took the longest -RRB- and the planer was all adjusted properly . After a month of use , everything is still in excellent conditon , and its still running strong . Overall , another quality product from Delta . Highly reccomended for a small shop or the do-it-yourselfer .
 I have had one of these touchless switches in my bedroom for a couple of years , and plan on more . They are perfect for not needing to over-reach , as just a sleepy wave will turn it on , off or dimmed . Now I will get them in the kitchen so that I do n't need to use hands when preparing food . Also hygienic in bathrooms . Decor-wise , they are very elegant and can even be embedded in a new wall so totally invisible !
 I bought this to trim up pen blanks . It does the job vey well . Overall , I may eventually exceed the capacity for this machine but it works great . I hooked it up to my 1 1/4 '' shop vac -LRB- I used duct tape as it did n't fit exactly -RRB- and there is no dust at all . I just need to find replacement sanding discs -LRB- I 'd like to convert it to use hook and loop pads -RRB- .
 I 've seen more of these in home shops than perhaps any other small sander . It 's a solid little import , well made , with a good sales and support organization -LRB- Delta -RRB- behind it . One problem
 I really like this sander . I am a hobbyist knife maker and use it for handle shaping . It is perfect . The only thing I might change on it is the disk , could be bigger . It fits neatly in the conrer of my work bench and is light enough to move around as needed . Replacment belts and disks are easily obtained from woodworking stores .
 The fine tool comes equiped with two exhaust ports that `` should '' connect to a shop vac , but in Delta 's wisdom , these ports do not match any standard Vacuum size hose and there is no adapter Accessory to allow you to do so . Silly way to design a tool that makes a mess but it does work fine as a sander .
 For the price of this tool I expected it to be a little more finished looking , instead of a import tool with the Delta name pasted on it . Does it work , yes . However , as I found out too late , I could have ordered a 1 '' belt sander from Grizzly without the 5 '' disk for $ 49.00 and would have had an import tool that was green and worked , for $ 40.00 less .
 Great unit , I constantly find uses for it . As someone else pointed out , the dust collection port isnt useful since you cant really hook anything up to it ... Also , my power switch is a bit sensitive , you have to find that sweet spot to get it going ... Other than that , great little unit .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Setup
 First time buyer on Amazom . Great price , no tax , free delevery and I received the item eariler than expected . The unit was a bit heavier then I expected . Two areas that could be improved on are , there is n't a place to hold the chuck key . That would appear to be a simple task for Delta to incorporate into the design . The handle that raises the table could have been placed on an angle so as to not be so close the table . If one wants to increase the work surface area with a peice of plywood , you must provide a cutout for the elavation handle.Other than that it appears to be a sturdy machine
 I had been struggling with the idea of buying a router table for some time now . I have a cheap one -LRB- if you consider $ 100 as cheap -RRB- that a router must be mounted in . I hate having to play contortionist to adjust the router and change bits . The Delta SH100 seemed to be the answer to my problems ! I found it a remarkable value and it is actually cheaper than a good table and router combination . I fought this decision for weeks as the machine has such bad reviews on the Internet but since they are always from the same two people no matter what site I went to and while playing with the shaper at a home center the other day I could not find the adjustment problems they speak of , I decided to buy it . I am so glad I did ! It works great ! It is a bit harder to adjust one way than the other but that is due to the springs tension but other than that it is very smooth in travel in both directions , the weight of the machine helps very much in its stability , it locks well and the table did not mar the wood even the softest pine . I had no issues at all with feather board attachments . The fence is very solid when tightened snugly and very easy to adjust . I ran several test pieces of Poplar , Oak and Pine with no issues at all . Perhaps my experience is different as the machine has been updated and the reviews are based on the Model 43-505 that has been replaced with the SH100 which is what I purchased . I also used the best Carbide '' shank bits I could afford . All I can say is do n't let this machines bad reviews stop you from purchasing a great machine , go check it out for yourself and decide . Following the instructions and using good bits may be the key here .
 I have been pleased overall with this shaper for the price . My major complaints are the fence has no t-track or fine adjustment as is , and why ca n't the manuf . give you a real wrench instead of the poor quality stamped wrenches . I already have cracked one , which Delta replaced . I use a real wrench now and want to change the fense some day.For now I add another face to it.The height adj. will not be accurate if you lower it to final height but the manual says to raise it to final height and then is no problem with the lock down . Sometimes it pays to read it.As far as height length of the bit , my unit will allow the spindle to extend beyond the top?If you wax the top you will not have any marking , or spray a coat of clear poly on it . Woodworkers are in the habit of waxing and polishing metal tops all the time.The collets self release , but 99 % of the time I use 1/2 '' shanks . Do you want to use a 1/4 ' shank on a shaper unless you have no choice ? I have no problem with the 1/4 ' sticking on the rare occasion that I have to use it . I avoid 1/4 shanks if at all possible . As with all self releasing collets , you have to continue to turn the nut to get to the self release feature . Over insertion on any collet can cause problems too . That is a universal problem . Also as mentioned , quality router bit can also make a huge difference.I have no run out , the inserts line up , and there is good dust collection and I am not sucking dust into my router as most will when upside down . I can use it at job site too even though it is heavy , but that is a plus for stability and lack of vibration.It is not a $ 1000 shaper , maybe others thought it would perform like one . If you want that type of performance spend the money.I have milled almost a thousand feet with this unit and would buy it again .
 Beleive me Ive seen much worse . Other than my miter saw , its the only tool in my shop with an aluminum top . The height adjustment is somewhat tedious , but not useless . Its not a micro prescision deal by far.As to the reviewer complaining that it didnt come with a miter gauge ... Why on earth do you need a miter gauge on a shaper table ? The Miter Slot is for a featherboard , like the bench dog with slot adapter , not a miter gauge.Ive raised panels , and done many things with this . Anyone who uses 1/4 bits in it is making a mistake . Why would you ? Use 1/2 Bits in this machine . Raising panels is not a problem , and mine hasnt bogged down . Rememebr the one pass per 1/2 '' of bit diamater rule . The speed is a bit slow for smaller bits but it works.As to the fence , Buy a $ 15 Incra t track , make an aux fence 1/2 '' thick and notched for the bit . This makes the fence a 1piece easy to adjust deal , and adds a place for two track mount featherboards.I got this one for a steal at $ 129 on clearance at lowes and I really like this machine.Will it perfrom like a 3 HP router and precision table with micro adjustment ? No . Will it perfrom like an X5 shaper ? No . Does it do the job ? Absolutely .
 Today I recieved my new sh100 Delta/shaper . Took me an hour to put it together . Everything looked good . Has a lot of rough edges on the aluminum table . I took care of this problem with a sheet of 150 grit sandpaper and some paste wax and five minutes of sanding the top . No more rough edges . This is no longer a problem . I must confess this is n't my first Delta shaper . I have the older model and use it a lot . Made a lot of furniture with this very inexpensive machine . I use it more than my Grizzly 3 horsepower and Delta 3 horse power shapers . Not saying it is better than either but I am saying it is easier to get this machine set up and running than the larger machines . This router shaper fits the niche between the larger and smaller machines and does a good job . When I make raised panel drawers I set the Grizzly up for cutting stiles . The big Delta for cutting panels and the router shaper for cutting rails . I use a guide on the sh100 delta when cutting ends on rails to cut out splintering . Works great . Even made a guide out of wood that works good on this machine.my older Delta has been serving me for approximately 8 years now and while it is n't perfect it is a great machine for a little less than $ 250 . If your not at least a little experienced in running this kind of machine , I can see that some of the features it has can be frustrating at times . Nothing about this machine should frighten you from buying it . In a short time u will be running it like a pro . One thing when u buy this machine . Do n't expect to get a cadillac when spending enough money to buy a kiddie car . Ai n't gon na happen . I see a lot of negative opinions about this router/shaper and for the life of me I ca n't understand some of the negativity . Buy one , study the book and u will be glad u did . Do n't worry about not having enough power . In all my years with my machine I never bogged mine down once . If your afraid of it and push your wood too hard against the cutter u probably bog down . The induction motor on this machine is really a plus . It runs nicely and never screams at you like a universal motor on a router will do . I could go on for hours and your only going to find out how good this machine is by buying your own and learning to use it properly . I always figure any machine I buy is able to perform much better than my ability to run it is . Untill I conquer the learning curve . Thanks woodworkers . Mitch
 This shaper is a great value and has unbelievable power tospin larger diameter cutters . I have been using the shaper to cutthe profile for handle-less drawer and door fronts . The shaperdoes n't slow down a bit . I also am using the shaper to cut `` raised panel '' doors and panels . With the 13000 rpm speed , makesure only very sharp cutters and bits are used . I have beencutting red and white oak hardwood . Delicate adjustments areno problem .
 ASSEMBLY
 I bought this after I discovered a cheaply made table and add on router cost more . I 've heard all kinds of complaints for adjusting the combo set-ups . I did not want to hassel with that . The Delta works real well . Table top is good . Fences are good quality but a little hard to adjust . I have only used 1/4 '' cutters -LRB- My local hardware does not have 1/2 '' -RRB- and have trouble removing them . I 'll order the 1/2 '' cutters . My main complaint is the depth adjustment . I had expected it to be more accurate . I 'll have to work with it more and get used to it . Overall a very good machine for the money .
 This machine has done well in the area expected to do when ordered . In the future I expect it will do well for a small shaper and I will be putting it to the test when I have time .
 The Router/Shaper arrived about 3-4 days early , which was great . It works wonderfully . Has adequate power for the router bits used . I am making arched rasied panel mahogany doors and I did not have any problems . The great thing is it operates using 110 volts instead of 220 like the big commerical units .
 While this unit is not as heavy as a professional shaper , it is certainly better than a router table assembled from pieces . The 1/2 in collet is driven on its own outboard spindle , supported by two ball bearings . The motor is belted to the spindle in a step-up fashion to get the tool turning at 12,000 rpm . The whole assembly , along with the raising and lowering mechanism , is a complete unit , fully assembled , and simply bolted to the metal cabinet stand . It is well made and quite robust.I had no problems putting the unit together and doing the few simple adjustment to get the spindle perpendicular to the table . I am using 1/2 inch shank router cutters rather than true spindle units , and find the motor delivers more than enough power to handle edge shaping and such basic operations . I have not tried the heavier shaping jobs that are needed to make raised panels , etc. I purchased separately the extension table for the earlier 505 machine , since it was stated to work for the Sh100 , but had to cut through it in the back for the dust collection vacuum cleaner exhaust system to connect.I bought a B&D ; workmate for a support stand for the unit . This has worked well , without the need for additional clamping . Reproducibility in setting the router blade height is acceptable , as long as you follow the directions and raise the cutter to the desired level from the bottom UP.I found the fence to be OK , considering the price of the unit . You have to make the fence adjustments `` by hand '' using a straight ruler or board to set the two segments to be parallel . It takes a little time to do this , but it 's no big deal . It 's not a good idea to be in a hurry setting up the fences and cutter height anyhow.I am happy with my purchase . If I wanted a professional calibur shaper I would have gotten a Grissley or bigger Delta for more money . The SH100 is working nicely for me now doing heavier -LRB- and safer -RRB- routing than a hand or plunge router would do , and for that it is more than worth what I spent for it.I was not at all pleased with the way FedEx delivered it . There was a big rip in the carton corner , and the side of the SH100 base cabinet for the unit had a big dent in it . I did not want to go through the hassle of returning it , since I had to cut up the box just to get the unit out to look at it . So I took a couple of hours and straighted the cabinet dent out , but it does n't say much for FedEx in that they just dumped it in this condition on my door step . This is why I did not give the unit 5 stars .
 Having only used more expensive shop quality machines , or high end router tables , before ordering the Shopmaster , I was initially concerned that the Shopmaster would fall short , on either power , or precision . However , after having used the machine for several projects , I am happy to report that it performed better than expected in all regards . Certainly , a larger , cast iron deck , and a solid fence with t-slots for stops would be nice . However , the price of the SH100 unit is so low that one can add a top-of the line Incra fence system and still be ahead of the game . For small volume contractors and weekend woodworkers , I highly recommend this tool . It blows the doors off of my friend 's 2HP Porter Cable Router Table Combo . Hope that helps .
 The product was as discribed and I was very pleased with it . The delivery was faster then expected .
 This grinder works well for sharpening chisels , slotted screw drivers , and other small tools . It is quiet and operates smoothly with no perceptible vibration . It does n't have variable speed , exotic attachments , or any other -LRB- in my case unneeded -RRB- features .
 Quality construction . Tool rests are solid cast -LRB- not flimsy stamped like a lot of other grinders in this price range -RRB- . Angled channel in right tool rest is great for sharpening drill bits . Super quiet - almost too quiet -LRB- can hardly tell that it 's running -RRB- . For the price -LRB- 39.99 at Lowes -RRB- , it has an attached flexible lamp !! Sturdy plastic spark deflectors are easily adjusted and are very transparent , so you can still see what you are doing . The only thing missing is variable speed control -LRB- how often would you find that feature useful ? -RRB- .
 This is a good quality grinder for the price . Follow the directions in the manual and remove all of the packing grease . I removed the grinding wheels and cleaned the grease off of the shafts . Wheels run true with no vibration . Spark shields are thick and clear . Light is very helpful for old eyes . I would buy another if I had the need .
 Out of the box , this piece of machinery was unstoppable . I 've used it on every tool I have that needed an edge or a little taken off . No complaints here , folks . Whats more ? I got it here on Amazon.com for a fraction of what its going for in HD or LW 's .
 Very professional product especially for the price . I used it strait away . Not the grinder 's fault -LRB- at all -RRB- but make sure you mount it on a thick topped work bench or the vibrations will be irritating ; otherwise , very well made and I 'd buy again .
 I bought this saw over a year ago . It have pretty light use until recently . I have used it for the last year or two to build small projects and cut wood occasionally . I recently build a very large shed and it got alot of use cutting 2x4 , 2x8 and 4x4 wood . It performs very well.I bought this saw for $ 100 when it came out and I did n't expect much . I was pleasantly surprised . It is very easy to use and reliable . Would be nice if it had some extending supports on the side but for the money , I was happy . the adjustments are easy to use , although it sometimes might hop out of adjustment by a degree or so , so you have to make sure your setting is right before you cut . Even cutting 4x4 , it did n't have any problems .
 this saw is fine for cutting 2x4 . It 's noticeable less powerful than our contractor 's DeWalt saw but for the money it 's a good value .
 Easy to use and setup . My 2 teenage daughters use it easily and safely . A good value if you just are looking for a chop saw .
 For the price , you just can not beat it !! Works like a 3 hundred dollar tool , and love working with it .
 I 've used this for two months now and I love it . Get 's the job done and it 's a bargain too .
 great value on an entry level chop saw . Slow boat to China on shipping . Free ship though . Got ta make compromises I guess . Did n't even ship for a week . Happy with the tool though . Just do n't be in a hurry . Overall I 'm happy . Did n't ship for a week ...
 item arrived way before the estimated time of arrival . Great service ... great price !
 I already owned a sidekick -LRB- sliding compound miter saw -RRB- . I purchased this for more portable use and lighter weight . Look around for the Delta package that includes a free extra blade , extension cord , tool holder , tape measure , and builder 's sqaure . If you find that , you 've got quite a deal . Great for small trim work . I 've used it for quarter rounds , base , etc. . Setting the angles for compound cuts by hand does require some care . But single angle cuts are a `` snap '' with the positive locks at 45 , 90 , etc. .
 I did n't buy this saw through Amazon.com , but it 's good enough that I figured I would write about it anyway ! This saw blazes through a 4x4 with absolutly no problem ! I 've cut trim , lumber and crown molding with ease . The instruction manual even has a whole section dedicated on how to cut crown molding.I would say that the only problem is that the dust bag does n't do that good of job on collecting all the dust . But I guess it 's better then nothing !
 This is the saw for do-it-yourself jobs . It was perfectly sqaure and aligned right out of the box , much to my surprise . It has a nice portable size and weight which makes it all the more useful . I also like the feel of the handle and power button design . It does not really feel that uncomfortable.Negatively , the bevel lock seems a little loose when adjusting . It feels like the whole upper saw piece could fall off if unscrewed too far . With it being so loose I wonder how long it will take for the saw to go out of alignment ? Also as others have noted , the bevel indicator is difficult to read.I am in the process of trimming out a renovated house and this saw has proven up to the task . It is certainly at the right price .
 Although not a tool for the professional , this saw is a great value . Some tweaking is needed out of the box , but other than that it will handle almost anything the average homeowner can throw at it . I also bring this one to jobsites if only a few cuts are needed simply because it is so light to carry around . If precision angles and long lasting durability is what you 're looking for you should be spending more money anyways .
 This is an excellent miter saw for the money ! It comes with instructions on how to adjust it because it is not a precision saw out of the box . Actually mine needed no adjustments -LRB- Lucky ? -RRB- . My first cut was thru a 4X4 treated landscape timber and it was very true to square , cut very fast and was suprisingly accurate.I 've not done any trim work yet but everything is tight and measures very accurate.For the money , you ca n't go wrong -LRB- BTW , I bought mine at Lowes -RRB- . I 'm just a typical homeowner and very pleased .
 ASSEMBLY
 I have used this little miter saw for the better part of a year and a half . It 's probably the power tool I use most often . It has never failed to deliver exactly what I expect of it.I agree with other reviewers that the compund adjustment could be better . However , I have nothing but praise for this saw.No other compund in this price range -LRB- under $ 100 -RRB- is as reliable nor accurate . Sure , there will come a time when I will upgrade , but if you need an excellent quality saw for starters , there is simply no better buy for the money than this little champ . Thanks Delta . . !
 I purchased this saw to trim out a room I added in my basement . Excellent value . Solid 13 amp motor easily does the job . Easy to adjust . Bolts to the Delta table stand using existing mounting holes . Include dust bag and blade . A clamp for material would be a nice added feature , but can be purchased as a add-on .
 The saw cuts smooth , clean , accurate lines every time . The compound miter adjustment is a little tricky , but I typically use a t-bevel to check the angle before making critical cuts on any saw . I 've used it to cut composite decking , framing lumber , plywood strips , and primed casings and mouldings with excellent results .
 This saw can handle a lot but I 'm just using it for jobs around the house . I borrowed a delta saw from a friend and just had to get one !
 This is a great saw for the money . It also comes with a blade that is probably worth more than what I paid for the saw which was about $ 59 which was about 3 years ago . It will do framework and cut up to 2X6 or 4x4 .
 This saw was purchased because it is portable and is perfect to carry when I do volanteer projects away from my home shop . It has been perfect for my purpose .
 This is a great saw for the price . Although it did need an initial alignment -LRB- which is to be expected -RRB- , it has stayed square for over a month of almost daily use . I hear a lot of people calling this and other low cost delta products garbage , however , I think this is mostly due to brand loyality and / or marketing . I have used Craftsman , Makita and DeWalt at work and see little difference for general use . I would reccomend this saw to a DIYer or anyone needing a chop saw for framing or light trim work . Anyone looking to get into fine woodworking might want to look for a saw with more features .
 Very good saw for the price . Delta products always hold up . We used Delta products in manufacturing and they held up better than any of the commerscial machines ... I have one comment ... How in the world can I buy a clamp # 36-221 ???? Jack in Arkansas
 For the money , this saw is excellent . Right out of the box easy to set up and use . I am just a `` weekend '' fix it man ; and this saw is what the doctor ordered .
 This is my first miter saw . After my big kitchen remodel , I wondered how I ever lived without one . The misconception is that if you do n't make miter cuts , you do n't need one . Wrong ! I used this tool primarily for straight chops and it works flawlessly . It works well on mitered cuts as well . The motor does n't have the super solid feel , but the rest of the saw was very solid.The tool is a great value and great for light users and beginners . It lacks a few features I seen on more expensive models
 Got this saw about 2 years ago only because it was on sale . I never had a mitre saw before this but for the money it has a lot of function and is very rigid in quality . Due to it 's lack of base to set wood on I custom built extension wings for the saw that span a total of about 2 feet off both sides of the saws base out of scrap . If I were to do it all over I would buy a SLIDING compound mitre saw if you do n't have or do n't plan on having a radial arm saw . It will save you tons of money and space and you will be more satisfied . I ca n't complain though . It 's a great product !
 This Delta compound miter saw does the job - VERY WELL and for the money , it is a bargin . The blade is a 60 point carbide tipped smooth cutting machine . No need to go buy a finer blade . It lacks the bells and whisles of a laser line and extension sides - but for the price and usage by the home handy man , it is a good buy .
 This is my first miter saw and it is easy to use out of the box - mine was square . The miter cuts are exceptionally easy due to the settings at 45 , 90 , etc. , and very accurate - I have trimmed out quite a few windows , a bookcase , and a doorway without difficulty . I agree about the bevel difficulty - it is hard to read correctly and a pain to set . If you are careful , you can do it though . I have just started cutting crown -LRB- flat -RRB- and it does work , but I have used a lot of scrap to get the hang of it . I am sure there are better miter saws , but not for the price .
 Bought the Delta MS250 3 weeks ago to replace all the base molding in my house - very happy with performance . Can cut within 1/16th accuracy . I got a price match at Sears -LRB- from Lowes -RRB- . The quality is good , I really like that it 's small and light . Dust bag is pretty useless , dust goes about everywhere else . Looked at the usual Craftsmans with lasers and such , but I can achive good accuracy just lining up with the blade and am pleased with my decision . For the price I do n't think you can do better , though this Delta is inexpensive the quality is good .
 We 're so glad we purchased this compound miter saw . We put in new baseboards , chair railing , and crown moulding in our entire house . This made the project so much easier . So glad we spent the money and with free shipping and no taxes it was a no brainer : -RRB-
 I am compleately satisfied with this purchase . The shipping wasactually pretty fast ... it came a week ahead of schedule . I ordered on a Monday and recieved it on Friday ... not bad for FREE SHIPPING.Also at $ 89 nothing can touch it . you 'll have to spend at least $ 150 ormore to get a better one .
 After getting by for years with a miter box for odd projects , this is my first power miter saw and it is super . OK , it has n't got all the features you can think of , but it should cover all the projects I expect to do in the next 20 years . It is solid and easy to use , not too heavy or space-consuming for me to put away somewhere after use .
 Excellent saw for light work . Easy to carry . You need to spend some time on making sure the stops are set acurately but other than than that a no fuss saw . Use this saw for the small quick jobs and save your big compound slider for the heavy work . My only objections are the lack of a built-in lock on the shaft that forces you to use an allen key to hold it while changing blades and the wrench supplied for blade changes is too cheap to use .
 I 've had this drill press for about a week now , so this is a fairly brief review . I bought this particular version from a local large home supply establishment . Overall , I 'm pretty happy with it.I carried it home in a VW New Beetle , so it 's a manageable package . It came well packed in a sturdy cardboard box lined with foam . I and took it downstairs in pieces , since the whole box is near 180 pounds . It assembled quickly . There are really only 4 parts ; the base , the support post , the table , and the motor and belt head . The hardest part was cleaning off the packing grease -- I used kerosene -- and then waxing all the bare metal parts with paste wax.I measured the runout with my admittedly less than high quality dial indicator and a spare mill bit in the chuck and came out with around .0018 '' I have n't done any real heavy cleaning of the chuck assembly so there could be some grit or packing gunk inside.Speed changes are easy by moving a small lever and loosening a thumbscrew . The only thing I 'm less than completely happy with is the table assembly . It uses a rack and pinion to raise and lower the table . The rack is held against the post by just a ring up top and it fits into the base at the bottom . There is no support along the length of the rack so there ends up being quite a bit of play in the middle of rack where it sags out away from the post . As a warning to overly harsh treatment , the rack on the display model at the store was severly bent . Also to angle the table , you have to get under it and pull a pin . I have n't tried that yet , but it could have been made easier.I did try angling the table last night . To me it 's a pain , but I do n't know how common this method is . You have to remove the pin , which comes out with the use of a wrench , and then loosen a big bolt that holds the table . The bolt is hard to get to being between a couple of reinforcement webs and is large . I think it 's a metric just smaller than 15/16 '' . I used a 15/16 '' socket and it was a little loose , while 7/8 '' was too small and I do n't have a 31/32 '' wrench to try and my metrics only go up to 17mm . I did see a quick release bolt in another catalog for drill presses that might work .
 Overall I 'm impressed with the performance of this drill.However the belts on the top seem to vibrate a lot , I guess its because they used cast pulleys instead of machined . This is running at the max RPM which I typically do for my type of drilling.I was hoping this would go away after the break in period but I have used the drill for about 10 months now and still it vibrates a lot . Finally I purchased a powertwist belt which makes this bearable but still not as well as I would expect .
 I just recently purchased a DP400 at a local woodworking supply shop and I think it was the best model for the money . The square , `` dry '' table with the flat edges makes a good clamping surface . The 3/4 hp motor is a big plus for the money , and the speed range is good , although , as the previous poster noted , it does have more vibration that I would like at higher speeds -LRB- 2000 + rpm -RRB- . I 'm hoping that a better belt will improve this somewhat . The only major drawback I see is the stop . I would have preferred a good positive locking-screw stop . However , such a stop on most of the other machines I was looking at in this price range were not worth having.All in all , I would recommend this tool .
 I have not used product yet but the features are easy to understand and very accessible .
 I spent quite a bit of time reviewing everything said about jointers and planers on this site and others . The things I noticed that were key to jointers were table length and flatness . Delta had many bad reviews , even with their most expensive machines , where people had warped or twisted tables and fences.I have a few things to say
 I have owned a similar model for years now and I have been very pleased with its performance . I tried this model at a friends and found it to be basically the same as mine , thus this review.I am thrilled to report that this tool is in no way flimsy or cheap . The cast iron is significant and I would give the fit and finish a grade of B + . The infeed/outfeed beds and the fence are very flat and hold their settings well . Though the open stand is not as sturdy as a closed stand would be , if you snug all of the bolts tight and then install this machine on a mobile stand , you wo n't have any trouble . In my experience , this tool has VERY little vibration , and it is EXTREMELY quiet . I would guess the low vibration is due to the weight - this thing is heavy . Although I would have preferred hand wheels for both infeed and outfeed bed height adjustment , I have not had a bit of trouble using the lever on the infeed table.As for performance , I have edge/face jointed red and white oak , pine , poplar , walnut , and hard maple with no problems . The motor is more than adequate for all of my jointing needs as I always take a light cut . As for the knives , by varying the fence setting for narrow boards to insure even wear of the blades , I have only had to change my blades once . Though this was a terribly frustrating ordeal , that is common of all jointers so it is not really a valid criticism of this tool.Overall , I am well pleased with this tool and do n't expect that I will ever have need to replace it . Highly recommended !
 I began my search for a jointer at home depot , and after they made me angry i decided to go back to buying my tools here . At first i was weary about ordering machinery off the internet , but the experience was actually pretty pleasant . i went with 3 to 5 day shipping after hearing horror stories from people not getting thier stuff on time . my package arrived on time i was able to track it every step of the way and the best part was i did n't have to make a claim on the package.As for the jointer itself it 's good enough for me and will probably last me a long time . It 's heavy and is by no means cheaply made . It 's acurate to within 1/32 '' and thats good enough for me . i set a good square on the fence and table and at the most i could probly only fit a sheet of paper under a couple areas . If this is good enough for me a carpenter apprentice and a rookie wood worker so it should suit all you homeowner/hobby enthusiasts out there . This unit though is certainly no homeowners special.Setup took about three hours and a couple of tools -LRB- wrench set and a good shop ruler -RRB- . Everything lined up close enough and i only had to rig a few things -LRB- very minor -RRB- . The directions are n't great , but i managed and any semi-intelligent person could do the same . You are gon na need a buddy though , first to help get it off the truck and then to set a few things up . The jointers packaged weight is 250 pounds so make your own decision on how much help you need.In the end though here is why i went with the delta . Final price after shipping was $ 334 with the free $ 25 discount . Home depots ' Ridgid was $ 400 with tax and i would rather have a brand name that 's been around a while . As for Jets ' similar jointer it just looks cheap . I hope this helps some of you and if you buy it like me you probably wo n't regret it .
 I took this machine home , had it set up in an hour or two and was on my way -LRB- TAKE YOUR TIME -RRB- . I decided to really put itto the test by face jointing two 5 ' lengths of 6 '' wide jatoba -LRB- brazilian cherry ... One of the hardest woods in theworld -RRB- . This machine was able to smoothly take 1/8 inch from the jatoba with one pass for a perfect joint . Also , out of the box this jointer was perfectly configured . Fence was right on , infeed and outfeeds were perfect aswell as absolutely flat . Since this test , I 've used the jointer extensively and am still using the factory blade edges.Another `` should-mention '' is the fact that there is absolutely no vibration at all , and this is with the standard poly v-belt . I just ca n't say anything negative about this jointer . One of my most confident and satisfied purchases yet !
 This is the third jointer I have owned . The first a small cheapie bench top model that worked ok just did n't have enough bed length . The second was a Shopsmith 4 '' that worked just fine.But mounting it to the Shopsmith got old quick . Also the bed length came into play again for any boards over 2 feet or so.This jointer is great for the price . Does everything I hoped it would . The fence and tables were dead-on right out of the box . Knife settings were also right on . All I really had to do was assemble it and square the fence . I have used it quite a bit in the last few weeks . It has performed flawlessly ! Sure it is not as pretty as many others out there what with the open stand and all , but that does n't mean this is jointer is n't a great value , it surly is that . Fit and finish were great . Not as much grease to clean as some of my other Delta tools and assembly was simple . Do n't be afraid to save a few bucks and get this guy ! You wo n't be sorry.The shipping was through ABF freight systems . I was able to track it throughout the shipping process and got a call to arrange delivery . The driver backed down my long driveway , and unloaded the heavy package into my garage . I did n't have to do a thing other than signing for it . There were a few holes punched in the box and I was concerned about damage . After opening the box I was pleasantly surprised to find how well this jointer was packaged . No damage at all ! I took all the parts down to my basement shop and assembled it to the point of mounting the jointer to the stand . I got some help carrying the jointer downstairs and sitting it on the stand . After finishing the mounting and squaring it up I put it to use . I was going to buy the Delta wheeled base but after assembly it was pretty easy to drag into place . I saved the $ 50 for the portable base as I only need to move it on rare occasions and that is easily accomplished just by dragging it into place . The dust chute works well for me . I di n't hook up to a dust collector or even a shop vac . Instead I put a cardboard box on the floor and 90 % of the chips fall in . So I empty the box twice a week into the garbage pail . No hassel and so simple.I am very satisfied with this jointer and the shipping/delivery used . I would not hesitate to do it again if needed.For ratings I give it anA for qualityA for fit and finishB for assembly -LRB- some bolts are hard to get at -RRB- A for shippingA for quietnessA + for value .
 I read reviews on several different brands of jointers for about a week looked at them at a few stores and decided that this was the one that I wanted . For the price , you will not find a better jointer , maybe not even at $ 200 more . Delta makes real good tools in all price ranges , -LRB- besides Norm uses one -RRB- so when I found this one on Amazon for the lowest price around and FREE shipping , all the others became second choice . Amazon delivered within 7 days of placing my order FOR FREE ! -LRB- I ca n't emphasize that enough -RRB- . EXCELLENT!I got the jointer out of the box and went to town assembling it with the help of my son and had it together in about 2 hours -LRB- An air rachet will speed up the process alot -RRB- . I checked the tables for defects like cracks , chipped surfaces , flatness and checked the cutters to make sure that they were flat with the tables and started running wood over it . Sweeeeet ! No the tables are not PERFECTLY flat , but are within about .003 -.005 '' over the length of each one . I 've read reviews on more expensive and larger machines and hear the same gripes , c'mon people , were working with wood for crying out loud . -LRB- I used to remanufacture engines and the tolerances were n't much tighter -RRB- The belt that came with it was coiled and kinked and will need to stretch out straight , but in general does n't seem to vibrate much at all . As a matter of fact I did n't notice much vibration what so ever , which is amazing , considering it is on a metal frame base that is bolted together . And the thing is QUIET , not near the noise level that I expected . It produces nice flat cuts that you could n't see daylight through between the boards that I just laid together . It did n't take that long to clean the tables , fence and cutter head of all the grease that was applied for storage and shipping . One quick note , remember the cutters are SHARP ! I had to remind my son of that , and then preceeded to cut my own finger , I guess to prove my point ... This is a serious piece of equipment , but it is NOT a professional production machine . But for the person that enjoys building cabinets and other furniture in his own shop it is near perfect.I did n't know how I would like the lever adjustment on the infeed table , but after using it a while , I like it . It 's quick and not difficult to get accurate adjustments with , besides , how often do you really adjust the either table , I usually want to take about 1/32 of an inch at a time as a general rule.In case anyone else out there is curious , the fence is cast iron , I was n't sure , some of the cheaper and more expensive are aluminum.The only ding I would give this jointer is that the upper bolts on the motor are a bit difficult to get to , especially the one towards the front . But then again , how often are you going to change the belt or even adjust it?This thing delivers , it does what they say it does.I compared this jointer to the Jet and Grizzly 6in jointers.Hope this helps anyone that is considering one .
 I am pleased with this new addition to my shop . The assembly instructions were easy to follow but you definitely need to wear disposable rubber gloves to protect yourself from the oily parts . All were rust free however . A socket set speeds final tightening . I had none of the problems noted in other reviews and I could not find this item at a lower price anywhere . Operation is quiet with little vibration . Perhaps a really serious woodworker can justify spending more but I think that I got just what I need .
 Purchased jointer last week and assembled yesterday . Found product packaged very well and constructed well . Found that assembly took me about an hour and a half working by myself . The instructions state that two people are needed for assembly ; I did not find this to be the case . I found the table and cutter assembly heavy but I was able to manage it myself . The rest is easy to handle alone . I was concerned about all the jointer adjustments after reading other reviews and checked the machine out very thoroughly . I checked the infeed and outfeed table adjustments as well as the angles on the fence and found everything to be perfectly flat and fence angles to be correct . I checked cutterhead function by running through some rough fir and oak stock and found that the jointer trued them up perfectly and took out all bow . Please note that the cutter table is packed with anti-rust preservative . I found that I needed several rags wet with paint thinner to get it off . I am very happy with this product and feel the quality sufficient to last the average hobbyist a lifetime with proper care . I rate this product very highly .
 I bought this jointer for my shop a few weeks ago from Amazon . The price was excellent and , with the free shipping and -LSB- ... -RSB- offered at the time the net cost to me was about -LSB- ... -RSB- No way to beat this machine at that price.The box arrived about 10 days later somewhat battered . I opened it over the weekend and all the parts were there and in good condition . It too me about 2 hours to assemble -LRB- I did it alone - the jointer itself allegedly weighs about 180 pounds but I was easily able to lift it onto the stand myself -RRB- . The table was easy to clean , but I used quite a few paper towels and a few terry shop towels between scrubbing it clean and waxing it -LRB- using Johnson 's wax -RRB- . About 2 hours after opening the box I ran my first cuts . The table still needs to be fine-tuned -LRB- the machine has quite a few adjustments on it -RRB- but the cuts were smooth . I agree with several other reviewers - this machine is quieter than I expected and does not vibrate at all . I was easily able to run a 7 ' test board as my first cut -LRB- ambitious and stupid , but what can you do -RRB- . I am very happy and excited about the machine . It may not be a professional quality jointer -LRB- a friend of mine has a 12 '' jointer built in the 1930 's that weighs something like 800 pounds , and that is a much more production type machine -RRB- but you can not beat this machine for the home woodworking hobbyist . A few notes
 I read quite a few reviews before finally purchasing this jointer . The high rating and big savings combined to make it a very attractive offer . I received the unit yesterday morning and immediately opened the package spreading its contents across my work bench . The one thing that stood out most in my mind from reading the reviews was `` Read the instructions '' Sound advice . This is a serious piece of equipment . It took me about 2 hours to assmeble the unit alone having wrangled one of my teenage sons into helping me place the table assembly on the work bench . Don not try to handle anything more than sub assemblies alone . Its simply too heavy . Once on the floor of my workshop I grabbed a chair and went about cleaning and adjusting everything . The table and fence , in fact most surfaces are covered in protective grease . Its easily removed from the table and fence with a paint scraper and a cloth . Mineral spirits work well wiping off all the hand prints and remaining grease . READ THE INSTRUCTIONS . This is a real piece of machinery so familiarizing yourself with everything about it is essential . The out feed table adjusted easily and i found the cutter dead on right out of the package . A very pleasant surprise.As to performance , I found this jointer to be exceptional . Its vibration free , probably due to the weight and it hums along very nicely when running . Cuts are smooth and clean . The only time I noticed any snipping was when I rushed a board through the cutters in my excitement or ran the board through backwards against the grain . Even then a second pass was all that was needed to clean the edge back off . I spent most of the morning running boards through it for a cabinet project im working on . The joints were perfect and glued up seamlessly . I couldnt have been happier.I would recommend getting the mobil base unless your certain its going to be sitting in one place a long time . Also , unless you have a centralized dust collection system with a 4 inch hose get the adapter . You 'll then be able to hook your shop vac up to the dischage outlet .
 At 320 bucks shipped , a very good deal . Down from about $ 410 . Either it is an end of year clearence , or a new model is coming.This is assemble yourself . READ THE INSTRUCTIONS . You do need help lifting and turning this puppy . The parts do come covered in grease and need to be cleaned.As other reviews indicate , fairly straight forward to assemble . I did buy a universal stand to move it around , but it seems hokey . Do wish Delta would design wheels etc into it integrally , it would not be that much more difficult or expensive . The standard is the DeWalt planner stand.The one reviewer that did not find it easy to assemble , IMO , I do n't think had much experience or mis-read the instructions .
 I found this jointer to be reasonably easy to assemble , adjust , and use.It would have been easier for me to assemble by myself if it were not as heavy , but now I 'm glad it 's heavy . It came partly adjusted . The knives were parallel to , but considerably below the outfeed table . However , it was no problem at all to adjust the outfeed table height to precisely the height of the knives . The fence was slightly off of perpendicular to the table , but again , easy to adjust . The parts bag had exactly the number of bolts and screws required for assembly which is sometimes a problem for me . If I drop a small part during assembly , the shop floor is sort of a black hole , and the part is never seen again . It would n't hurt for Delta to pack an extra bolt and screw of each size , just in case . I had a few lock washers left over when I was finished with assembly . I went back through the assembly instructions looking for the location where I was supposed to have used them . I never found where they went.The jointer works great , and is very accurate . The length of the table is a plus , but the tool does not seem to take up too much room in the shop . I noticed that the knife guard also seems to act as kickback resistance . Maybe all modern jointers are this way , but my old jointer -LRB- circa 1950 -RRB- did not have this feature . The only feature which seems to be missing is a cup holder.The only problem I had was a broken cover plate on the side of the motor . The jointer was not packed well , the styrofoam packing blocks in the carton were considerably damaged when I got it . The motor was able to move in the box which is probably how the cover plate got broken . After contacting Amazon , Delta shipped a new motor . I swapped the cover plates , and returned the motor , all at their expense . I was very pleased with the way it was handled by both Amazon and Delta .
 Except for the fact that it arrived looking like it had fallen off the truck on the freeway , the machine was in fine condition save for a bent belt cover . Assembled nicely and cuts and sounds smooth .
 A very good machine for the money . Arrived a little late with minor damage and some missing parts , but customer service sent all of the missing pieces and they arrived in two days and the shipping company found the bag of parts that was missing and delivered them the next day .
 Well built jointer . For small shops it works well when placed on a mobile base . All parts are machined well and flat . It is extremely heavy and will require assistance building/installing .
 The jointer arrived in very good condition . The packaging inside the box is excellent . The assembly instructions are not the best but anyone used to putting together tools can get the jointer together . There are some pretty maddening points in the assembly . Once the stand is put togehter and the jointer is sitting on the stand , it is very difficult to get to some of the bolts to tighten them securely including the bolts that hold the motor to the stand . My thoughts during much of the process was that no one at Delta ever tried to put this tool together using the insturctions provided.Once I got everything assembled , it was time to align and set-up the machine . The first thing I checked was the blades being parallel to the tables . They were out of parallel by about 1/64 '' . It is a nightmare getting them set properly as very small adjustments are hard to make . The next thing I checked was the outfeed table height . It was high by about 1/32 '' . To adjust the height , you simply loosen the set screw on the outfeed table and turn the adjustment knob . The problem was , the knob would not turn , period . After spending quite some time trying to figure out why , I finally figured out the next section of the instructions discuss how to adjust the tension of infeed and outfeed table dovetailed guides . Once I loosened up the guides , the table moved up and down perfectly . It seems these sections are out of order ... maybe that old disclaimer of read the instructions completely before assembly actually makes sense . The rest of the set-up went fine ... getting the fence at a 90 degree angle to the table , setting the common stops , etc.Even with the hassle of assembly and adjustment of the machine , I still give this jointer a four star rating . I would give it five stars if the dust/chip evacuation came close to working . I do not have a dust collector on this jointer and the chips are constantly clogging up the dust chute . I have to use a dowel rod to stick up the dust chute and unclog it every 20 minutes or so . I 'm sure a proper dust collector would solve this problem . Aside from the dust chute , the machine works flawlessly . It provides glass smooth cuts from the extremely sharp blades and everything stays in alignment . No creep of the fence or tables once they are set . Getting the infeed table set to the proper height is not a very exact science . There is a set screw that holds tension against the table to keep it from moving . To adjust the table , you loosen the screw and use a long handle to move the table up and down the guides . There should definately be a knob on the infeed table similar to the outfeed table to proved more precise control.Delta could improve this machine by reworking the needed assembly , changing the dust chute to a wider opening , and providing a more accurate method of lowering/raising the infeed table . Knowing what I know now , I would still buy this machine again becasue the results once everything is set are so good .
 Like most people who write these reviews , I shopped around quite a bit before I bought this jointer . My choice was nearly a tie with a Grizzly model , but the free shipping finally got me.I down-graded the rating from five stars simply because one small part -LRB- out-feed table adjustment stop nut -RRB- was found broken . It is a cast part and I think it was just a simple casting defect . I trust Delta will make it right very soon - if past experience with them is any indication.This jointer is everything 99 % of the jointer-using world could ask for . From the weekend hobbyist to the serious woodworker , this machine is a very good choice . Only commercial cabinet-making shops would need more out of a jointer.The package came carefully wrapped and well protected with plenty of Styrofoam . It is easily transported in a small pick-up . Two-man lift required.Taking my time with my 12 year-old , it took two hours to assemble the jointer . The instructions are very clear and easy to follow , provided one takes their time and pays attention to detail . The jointer actually comes with all the tools you need to assemble it . Table and fence adjustments were a snap . Although not recommended by the instructions -LRB- because of the fire hazard -RRB- lacquer thinner works great in removing the rust protection that the jointer comes packed with.Squaring the cutter head knives with the table top is a slow and cumbersome procedure , but the process is n't any easier with any other brand of jointer either . Its worth the time . The clumsy handle system used to raise and lower the in-feed table is n't the greatest design -LRB- I would have preferred a threaded adjustment wheel -RRB- but you get used to it . When you consider the additional cost of machines with a wheel , you get used to it very fast.Do not be fooled by the open stand . After the nuts are all tightened , it is a very substantial and a very solid platform for the machine . BE SURE to not tighten the nuts -LRB- per the instructions -RRB- until the jointer is upright , and positioned where you want it . Dust collection works very well . This is the quietest power tool I have in my work shop.I strongly recommend this machine .
 I ordered this jointer because my 20 year old Craftsman benchtop jointer seemed to be about to give up the ghost.My `` shop '' is outside so I have all my heavy tools on mobile/folding stands that allow me to roll them inside for storage . The word `` Stationary '' in the name of the JT360 presented me with a challenge . Though I had ordered the jointer from Amazon I went to Lowes and took some measurements , loaded up on 2x4 's and a couple of fairly wide 11 inch hard rubber tires . The platform I built for the jointer is a bit overbuilt but I can roll this thing anywhere I need it . It is too large to store inside so it sits next to the compressor shed under a grill cover . Just as the old Craftsman did.I was a bit surprised when the jointer arrived that the box was in `` mint condition '' . There were no missing parts and I assembled it alone , on the platform I had built , in just a couple of hours . I did not weigh that 175 pound part -LRB- the jointer itself -RRB- but I have my doubts that it actually weighs in anywhere near that , my 110 lb anvil seems heavier to me.Performance is more than satisfactory , it runs quiet and cuts well . The cutters were well adjusted at the factory on the one they sent to my house . The infeed and outfeed tables are flat and smooth as is the fence . The main casting that supports the tables is coming `` unpainted '' but I can live with that -LRB- the paint is coming off in large sheets -RRB- . The tool is heavy enough to be stable without being too excessive for mobilizing the tool as I did.The only reason I did not rate the unit 5 stars is the paint falling off the casting . This does not effect performance and my tools are tools , not show pieces .
 Purchased this machine at woodworkerswarehouse . They had on sale for $ 349.00 and got 10 % off that with credit card purchase . -LRB- $ 317.27 -RRB- Not bad . Of course when I got everything together on the machine a small piece of the outfeed table adjuster was cracked and useless . Took everything back to the store even though I live near a Delta store and they took it back with no problem . Got a brand new machine with no questions asked . The machine is great to use and have no problems as of yet .
 The Good : - Quiet operation-Nice cuts , my joints are tight and I 've received compliments from others on the finished product.-Cosmetically - good condition upon receipt-Very solid , heavy , but works with a mobile base well-Easy to set up ... I did it myself . Having a buddy would help - and I 'd recommend it , but it can be done solo.The Bad : - As noted by others , the dust collection system is mediocre-The motor would n't fire up out of the box . I had to have it replaced and it took 8 weeks to come to resolution on this . Delta replaced for free , but it was difficult to contact them and get status . They did not stick to the dates - kept getting pushed out with little communication . I had to go to an authorized Delta dealer to reach anyone.-After 4-6 months operating properly , the switch no longer works ... so when it 's plugged in , it 's powered on and running . You have to unplug it to turn it off . I still need to call to have this fixed . I assume I have a defective switch , but this is annoying especially after having a bad motor to start with . This is the 2nd Delta product I 've purchased with motor problems . The other was a variable speed router - I ca n't recall the model number , but click on my review if you want to see it.Overall : It 's a solid machine . I think I just got a lemon and when it works the way it 's supposed to , it 's a very good machine .
 I received this jointer and took about 2 hours to set it up . Once it was set up everything was in perfect alignment and gave glass smooth surfaces right from the first cut . I am looking forward to many years of excellent service from this product .
 This takes a little time to assemble . As a favor to other purchasers of this unit , I am recommending the following . Be sure and have on-hand a good socket set w / 12-14mm sockets and an extension ; preferably one of those hinged automotive ones . Small wrenches are included , but I have absolutely NO idea how one would accomplish final tightening of all bolts w/out a socket . Also , be sure and read thru the steps , then think them thru and reorganize them . If you simply followed steps exactly as laid out in the manual , you would end uo covering up important bolts that are used in later steps for adjustment . My two cents . Ca n't wait to get it running . Along w / the Delta mobile base , this has become a significant assembly project . My table saw was nuttin ' by comparison ... I give 4 stars because everything is there , nothing is busted , and the unit is built like a brick latrine . WHile a long-time Amazon customer , I too bought this at WW . Their price is presently a hundred dollars less than toolcrib .
 This jointer is a pretty good tool . Inside the box it is well packaged in styrofoam , and a good thing because the box was pretty badly beat up.Don ' t plan on putting this together by yourself if you can have someone around to help ... it is a heavy sucker.The instructions are generally good but make sure you look carefully at the pictures.The fence was easy to square up and the blades needed no adjustment out of the box . Setup took a couple of hours but I was working alone and if there are two folks it can go a lot faster , probably 30 minutes with two folks who know something about tools and assembly.The machine cuts very nicely and delivers good flat smoooooooth surfaces just as it 's supposed to .
 I just purchased this jointer on the weekend , and have only had time to set it up and make a quick test cut . The set-up took me a couple of hours alone , and I had help lifting the jointer body onto the stand . All of the parts were there , and nothing is missing . There is a lot of grease on the table and blades so it can be a bit messy getting everything assembled.The price of this unit was a pretty good deal . As an average home woodworker I expect it to last a very long time . I wish it was 1hp instead of 3/4 , but I do n't know yet if that will make a huge difference for me.I ran a piece of maple through it an was very impressed by the clean , true edge that was produced .
 I am very pleased with the ease of operation and the level of performance from this machine . There is none of the kit or lower quality shakiness in any of the aspects of the machine . Just no nonsense high quality efficiency . There are few frills , but it has what is needed with no corners cut to do a clean , job .
 I was hesitant to buy this item after reading one of the other reviews regarding how difficult the setup was due to bolts and fasteners being tapped poorly or wrong . I have to say the setup took me 5 minutes . There were 6 small bolts , and 4 threaded knobs . Everything went together just fine , and the whole thing took about 5 minutes . I purchased this model over others because of the variable speed option and the sharpening wheel . I had a tough time justifying the added expense for the variable speed , but feel it will be worth it in the long run . A $ 30 premium for that feature seems a bit steep . I plan to use it to sharpen my mower blades , chisels , and general shop cleaning , polishing , and sharpening . It should be fine for the moderate use I plan . I would have gone for the DeWalt if I felt I would be using it for heavy duty or commercial type use . Nice overall , but the price premium is what takes away the 5th star .
 I ordered this from amazon and it arrived promptly and i am satisfied up to this point . I did n't realize the many uses it has and have found that a decent grinder is a must have in any shop . I know a lot people find the `` shopmaster '' to be of less quality but some of my power tools such as a compressor i picked up at lowes has performed well for my pneumatic tools and the line is still a good product to own . I am new at woodworking and ca n't say i have owned many different brands of tools . I do have some delta industrial tools as well and both the shopmaster and inustrial line have performed well . I also own the gr050 wet/dry grinder and it has been useful as well . Depending on your purpose this grinder is a fine edition but if you need a more industrial grinder look to their delta industrial line or other brands . All in all i am satisfied with its performance . Price and speed of delivery were excellent.thanks
 This problem is overcome by placeing a washer between the 2 surfaces
 I checked out most of the other machines available in this price range before I decided to buy the Delta . I have a custom wood shop and try to choose my tools and machines carefully . This is not an upper end machine but it also does n't cost from five-hundred to a thousand dollars . I do n't use a scroll saw often enough to spend a lot for one . What I wanted was the best machine I could get for a modest investment and one that would give professional results with as little effort as possible . I believe this Delta 16 '' scroll saw was just that.As I compared this scroll saw to the others on the market I noticed that the Delta was heavier than the rest . With woodworking machines heavy is a good thing ; it dampens vibration . Vibration impacts the quality of the cut . Also , I 've used other Delta machines in the shop for years and know that they really stand behind thier equipment.My supposition about the weight of the saw was correct . It cuts very smoothly and does n't vibrate as much as the other machines I have used in the past . The blades mount quickly and easily with the quick release mechanism . I also liked the segmented blower assembly . It keeps the saw dust off the work and does n't seem to drift like others I have used . The saw is attractive to me and well built . Even the storage drawer is nicely fitted and stays closed while the machine is running.On the down side , I like a light on a scroll saw . It can be hard to see fine lines at time without extra light . The only light Delta offers for this saw , I think , is thier standard magnetic base lamp for about twenty dollars . It 's a good lamp but the only place to mount the lamp where it will stay put is on the table . This can , and will get in the way . Not a big deal but it would be nice if they built in a light . The only other complaint I have about the machine is the location of the controlls . This is also just a personal preference but I like the controlls up top and in the front of the unit . The on-off switch and speed controll for this saw is under the table . Again , not a problem just a preference .
 While I do n't use a scroll saw every day I did manage to wear out my no name import after twenty years of use . Several weeks were spent compairing the different brands and models available . While there are better machines available for every day use , at a much higher price , this one stands out in the mid price crowd.When the saw arrived it was bolted to the heavy wooden stand built for the old saw . What a surprise !! Almost no vibration through the entire range of speeds . No more tools needed for blade changes or inside cuts , as Delta included quick clamps top and bottom . No more reaching over the saw to adjust blade tension . The tension adjustment is at the top of the upper blade clamp . No more piles of saw dust building up under the saw as this saw has a built in dust collection port . This saw is a joy to use . I have cut mostly hardwood from 1/4 '' to 1-1/4 '' and the variable speed allows precise cutting . This saw is such a joy to use I find myself working on projects that I would never have attempted on the old saw . I am very pleased with this purchase.If you are looking for a quality saw with loads of features , that wo n't empty your wallet , this is the saw for you !!
 I recently bought this saw after a great deal of research . I have been very impressed with the quality of the construction and the amount of power in this tool . The location of the controls and the low vibration level make this saw very easy to use . I have made several mini sculptures requiring compound cuts and I have been amazed at the results . I am very pleased with this saw and would recommend it to anyone from novice to expert . I do n't believe anything can be done on a more expensive unit that can not be done just as well on this unit . You will not be disappointed with this saw !!! Buy one today !!!
 I know there are better scroll saws available but ... this is a honey.You can carry the saw by the handle on the upper arm making it easy to lug around as a portable saw if need be.The vibration level is quite low . I routinely have a glass of ice tea setting on my home made wooden scroll saw table and there is barely ever a ripple in my tea except when the saw speed is changed either up or down.I have cut wood from 1/8 '' to 1 1/2 '' thick with no problems . I made a jig to saw 1/2 '' strips of wood and it did a great job . You are not supposed to be able to do this but with this saw and Olsen blades you have a winning combination.The saw is shipped with a lot of oil or grease on the work table and blade holders and will need a bit of cleaning up before use but it is a fine tool .
 Nice machine . To change speeds on all other presses you have to move belts . The variable speed dial on the front is slick , but do n't force it . You are essentially changing the width of a pulley with the dial , so the belt has to move in or out in the groove . They reccommend oiling weekly , but the top is held on with six screws , which is way too much work to accomplish the task . installing a piano hinge on one side with a magnet catch would facilitate easier access to the pulleys .
 Received this drill press March 2007 . The spindle pulley had grease in it and the manual called for oil . Called Delta twice and got two different answers . One told me it was supposed to be grease and put a couple drops of grease in every so often . I could n't buy this so I called again and they told me to wipe the grease out and use oil . Apparently they say the grease is in the middle of the shaft from the spindle being pushed up into the pulley . I wiped the grease out and am using oil . Hope this is right . I put a piano hinge on the top as someone else suggested . This alleviates taking the six screws out every time you go to oil the pulleys . The drill looks good . Hope it works as well as it looks . It went together easy and seems to work fine . Would have been nice if the variable speed dial was calibrated to show different speeds . I see someone else did this themselves . I am going to try to duplicate their dial for my drill . All in all I think this is an excellent buy for a variable speed drill . If things go down the tube in the future , I 'll update this feedback .
 Great drill press by Delta . I have used this drill press almost every day since owning it and can not put anything on this drill that will slow it down or cause failure.Well worth the money .
 Item works well for the money ! It is not the best drill press out there but for what I use it for , a home owner should be more than happy with it ! If someone wants a decent drill press and not spend a ton of money you ca n't go wrong !! I drilled 1 '' holes through 1 '' thick steel and it worked well !! Would I buy one again ... yes !! Smokey Andler
 I purchased the Delta DP350 drill press from a service centre at a good price after reading the reviews at amazon . The drill press is refurbished and has a 2008 manufacture date . The pulley slippage design flaw mentioned by many reviewers was addressed and fixed by Delta in 2006 . However , the decal still has only the 500 and 3100 speed ranges . I made a decal in AutoCad 2000 that I stuck over the existing decal and shows a range of speeds -LRB- See images -RRB- . It would also help if Delta had addressed the issue of removing the six screws from top cover plate to lubricate the pulleys weekly . A hinge system would have helped . Other than that the drill press works great .
 Purchased this unit as a gift for my father . I am very impressed with the unit . The drill press is plenty powerful enough for a home workshop and the variable speed pulley system is great . We have not had any issues with the spring coming undone and it looks like they might have redesigned the spring clip for the pulley . I only have two negative comments . First in order to lubricate the pulleys you have to remove six screws . It would be better if they had a hinge and quick release . The second issue was in the packaging and shipment . The box came destroyed with the styrofoam in several small pieces . The unit was not damaged and I fault the carrier for this issue.Overall a great unit and I am very impressed with all that you get for this price .
 The drill press is a good product but beware of the shipping and packaging . The box arrived damaged and in very poor condition . Luckily the parts that fell out were in my yard and I found them .
 The DP350 is a -LSB- mostly -RSB- well-designed tool of good quality , and a terrific bargain . This is the only reasonably priced variable-speed bench drill press I could find , so for the time being , Delta appears to have a unique product.Delta says to tighten the head using the two supplied Allen screws to prevent the drill head from moving on the column . I wanted to be able to move it occasionally , so I installed handles attached to 5/16 '' x 18 threaded bolts . Now , I can loosen the head , and swing it in place , and re-tighten it , in seconds.There was no obvious place to store the chuck . I fixed it to a small chain and connected one end to the lower column tightener , so it 's handy.The base is held down to the bench with lag screws or machine bolts . The four corners of the base touch the bench , with the middle of the base 1/8 '' off the bench . Install spacers directly under the hold-down bolts to keep from flexing the middle of the cast iron base.Features : I 've owned multi-speed drill presses for 35 years and rarely changed speeds , as it was too much trouble to move the belts . So , I selected a middle speed and left it there , sometimes for years on end . With the DP350 , I adjust speed based on the drilling to be done for each job - controlling speed is as easy as turning a handle and can be done in seconds . The drive belt never has to be moved.Spindle RPMs are controlled by turning a control with two handles on the top front of the unit . As the control is turned , the motor and spindle pulley 's effective diameter changes , altering spindle speed . Each pulley has an upper and lower half . When together , they look like any other pulley . They separate vertically as you change speed . As one pulley 's effective diameter increases , the other decreases , and vice versa . The diameter of the pulleys does n't actually change , but the place within the pulley that the belt rides , does . At the lowest speed , the motor pulley is at its smallest diameter -LRB- pulley sections apart -RRB- , and the spindle pulley is at its largest diameter -LRB- pulley sections together -RRB- . As the control is turned clockwise for more RPMs , the bottom of the spindle pulley moves down . This results in a smaller diameter spindle pulley and a larger motor pulley , thus increasing speed . It 's a clever design that has worked reliably on my machine . In observing speed changes with the top cover off looking down at the belt and pulleys , speed seems to change at a linear rate , and with the motor always turning the same speed . -LRB- Click on customer images above for pulley photos at high and low speed . -RRB- Warning
 Overall impression
 This is my first drill press and so far I 'm pretty happy with it . My only complaint is with the table . It 's designed for a machinist rather than a woodworker . It does n't have any slots -LRB- so you can squirt oil on your work -RRB- , which makes it difficult to attach any kind of fence or jig to it . My solution was to buy a drill press table and fence from Rockler , so I no longer have this problem.My first job was a couple of hundred shelf pin holes in a pair of cabinets . The fence and depth gauge worked great here . Much easier than using some of the available jigs for this job.Then I drilled some 35mm hinge cup holes . Again , a fence and depth gauge made this job easy . The recommended speed for the bit was 500 rpm . The ability to change the speed without fooling with belts is really worthwhile.Recently , I used the Delta drum sander kit to round off some corners on the fences of a cross-cut sled I was building.As far as the weekly lubrication goes , I emailed Delta and asked about that . They said if I was only using it a couple of times a week , then monthly lubrication would be OK . I drilled a couple of access holes in the top to make this job easier.I 'm happy with my purchase .
 Delta has come out with a great benchtop drill which gives you all the speeds without the hassle of changing belts . As soon as the catlogue came I ordered Delta new DP350 . The Drill came within seven days and was boxed well . Putting the drill together took about 20 minutes , it was a breeze . The unit is well built -LRB- which you would expect from Delta -RRB- and runs flawlessly . I was a little worried about the power being it 's only 1/3 hp . But It cut thru wood , meltal , just fine . I even attached the new mortiser I ordered with the unit -LRB- which also went together in a short time -RRB- and the drill did a fine job cutting into oak , poplar , and maple . If your looking for a benchtop drill for your shop this new DP350 12 '' variable speed is the one to get . You ca n't beat the price . The only reason it does n't have 5 star is because I would of loved to see this drill with a 1/2 hp motor . But you ca n't have everything in life .
 I was rather skeptical about purchasing this product after the negative reviews I read about it but I decided to go ahead and buy it anyway . I was nothing but pleased with this Delta product and have had no problems whatsoever . This is another great product made by Delta and I have no complaints.The rust-proofing material came right off with a paper towel and a little WD-40 . I did not have a difficult time as the others did . It was rather quick to get off , just wipe and it 's gone.It took me about a 1/2 hour to get setup and ready to drill , the directions were straightforward and very clear . I already am in love with this drill and I have only used it for an hour!In summary , this is a great drill and I have not had any of the problems that the other customers have had , maybe Delta has changed the manufacturing process since then , but I am pleased with my new drill press .
 I have used two of the variable speed drill presses in my Tech highschool classes for two years . The only problem I had was one developed a faulty switch after one year of operation . This was replaced by Delta . These two were used nearly everyday in class by many different students . We liked the ease of setup and the heavy construction . I have order one for my home shop.Over all it is a good machine for the money and the variable speed is much safer than changing belt pulleys .
 I e-mailed Delta about the reviews shown here and asked about the problems with the speed adjusting spindle and pulley . A rep called me the next day and reassured me that my unit based on the ser # has the revised design . I must say that the product so far has been flawless . I dinged it one star for the 6 screws on the spindle cover and the inacessibility of the angle scale.It is a great bargain tho ' !
 This is a solid machine -LRB- literally -RRB- . It is heavy and big , but unless you have to take this to a job site all the time , that 's a good thing . It does n't move around or vibrate even when on at its fastest speed . Speaking of which , changing speeds could not be any easier . You simply turn a dial while the drill is running -LRB- just be careful not to do it while it is not running as that could damage or disengage the belt system -RRB- . I can not imagine any features that you would need in day to day woodworking that this model does not have -LRB- and the work light is a nice touch too -RRB- . Pros :1 -RRB- Incredibly easy speed changes2 -RRB- Very simple adjustments to the height , table angle , and depth stops3 -RRB- Very quiet4 -RRB- Dead on perpendicular to the tableCons :1 -RRB- The wife wants to use it for mixing batterHighly recommend this professional quality machine at a consumer price .
 Hello , I 'm a machinest that always wanted a drill press at home . I looked at every machine available . This machine stands out !! The variable speed works and is indespensable , the chuck is the weak link so I we n't on ebay and purchased a keyless chuck -LRB- jt33 taper -RRB- for $ 20 new , installed it and now I 'm in Drillpress Nirvana . Amazon sells these machines for under $ 200 , it 's a bargain compared to what else is out there . This machine lacks nothing , it even has a light .
 Mr. Agresti 's review was so complete , thorough , and detailed that the terribly negative views of some reviewers threw me off , so I pondered whether or not to buy this model - or any Delta drill press . But then the reviews of other products , including those costing much , much more , were no better sounding , so when I spotted one of these at a local tool shop , box completely intact , I had to buy it even though the price was about $ 30 higher and of course I had to pay sales tax , too.Man , am I happy I did ! I LOVE THIS DRILL PRESS ! It 's far more than I expected , and although I found one or two small details that others complained of -LRB- the marking system for rotating the table is really poor ; the press comes with a light coating of protective grease ; the lighting support is wobbly -RRB- , do n't believe those are worth complaining about in a drill in this price range.I 've been using machine shop tools since I took my first machine shop courses in high school in 1956 , used them in three technician/designer jobs -LRB- I 've got a U.S. Patent in my name -RRB- , worked in product R&D ; labs where the model makers turned my drawings into exact replicas of assembly-line products , field tested , installed , repaired , and critiqued stuff for years , ca n't tolerate less than a good Snap-On wrench in my hands , and this drill press is just fine and dandy.Let 's talk turkey here :1 -RRB- I could n't care less about rotating the support table , because if I did , I 'd buy a nice little vice to do the same job , and use it on other machines as well , with far better accuracy and ease of use than rotating the table . In my entire life , I 've never yet had the need to do that anyway .2 -RRB- We used to buy WWII stuff from surplus stores when I was young ; it always came coated with really heavy grease and wrapped in heavy paper to keep it from rusting , and almost all the machinery I 've ever seen came the same way , so get over it , go to Costco and buy several hundred throw away gloves -LRB- you should always have them around the house , garage , and shop at all times anyway -RRB- , and stop whining ! 3 -RRB- The goose neck support for the lamp was `` wobbly '' on mine , too , but all I had to do was turn it about 1/2 turn clockwise -LRB- analog clock , that is , not digital -RRB- , and it tightens up fully . NO problem staying put wherever I put it . And do n't put in a old-fashioned filament bulb , but use one of the really cheap CFC bulbs , and it will last years , put out light like crazy , and wo n't be broken by the vibration of shop machinery .4 -RRB- Someone said they had a problem with the chuck falling off . Solution
 Initially , my first drill press was delivered and was handled poorly by deliverer . Things were missing . However , Amazon , sent me another one and it arrived perfectly . Once set up , nice instructions really helped , this drill press is perfect . I have not come across the negatives other customers have left . Amazon , really takes care of its customers !!!! Superior service !!!
 I have a small shop and am a weekend hobbyist - I needed a better drill press than those devices that convert your hand held drill into a press ... the problem I had with the hand drill presses was I could never stop the bit from wandering - the accuracy was terrible ... But this machine is wonderful - It is very easy to adjust and align and holds the bit rock steady every time . It is also much bigger and heavier than I thought ; this is probably what gives it so much steadiness for a table top unit . I think this is a great machine for a very good price .
 This machine is very accurate . I especially like the adjustable speed control which can be set while the drill is running . This gives very precise control over the material being drilled .
 i have bought shopmaster products before because i 'm trying to outfit a rough workshop on a budget and found them good enough considering the price tag . that said i was VERY pleasantly surprised by this drill press . all the pertinent parts are cast iron , nice and heavy . although you do have to make your height adjustments by hand , the action is nice and smooth.downsides
 I checked this drill press out in the store . The variable speed was neat ! All the features were solid . The drill ran well and I was about to break out my wallet ... But I NEED to have a morse taper , and this machine has the JT33 taper as part of the spindle . You can change chucks , but ca n't use neat things like collets .
 Hi I have had this drill press for a few months and have n't had any problems yet , I agree with the reviewer that said its the only vairiable speed bench press , because i looked too . It seems ok for something made in China - but I challenge anyone to find a drill press made in the USA , I looked for that too and could n't find it.I really like the variable speed because I never changed the belt speed on my other models either - it was too much trouble.Its an excellent press for the money it costs - its really dirt cheap for what you get.I would be happy to spend several hundred dollars on a made in USA model but I dont think anyone wants to make one because most other Americans are too cheap to buy one .
 I just got off the phone with Delta regarding the motor pulley design flaw that everyone has posted about . I have owned my DP350 for about 2-3 years , but have only used it lightly . The pulley issue -LRB- that I did not know about until today -RRB- finally reared its head last night when I was a few holes away from completing a project.I called Delta at 1-800-223-7278 and had to wait on hold for about 10 minutes to talk to somebody , but once I did , they just asked for my serial number , name , & address , and said they are sending me out a complete new pulley assembly -- pulley , bushing , spring , cap , clip , etc. -- free of charge -LRB- free parts + free shipping -RRB- . So , despite the known design issue with the initial production units of the DP350 , it sounds like Delta is doing their absolute best to make it right . Newer DP350 models apparently have a modified top pulley that addresses this issue.I gave the unit a 4-star rating because aside from the pulley issue , I 've found it to be a very nice machine for the money and have had only minor complaints thus far ... one of which being that I wish it was easier to tilt the table -LRB- as it is now , you have to loosen a bolt using a wrench to do it -RRB- . IF YOU 'RE TRYING TO FIX IT YOURSELF :1 -RRB- you can try the method of tapping a hole and inserting an Allen screw , as recommended by another reviewer .2 -RRB- I also found another post online where someone used a large washer -- one with an inside diameter large enough to fit around the bushing , and with an outside diameter large enough so that the spring would sit on it -- thereby keeping the bushing down where it 's supposed to be . This seems like it would work and is a much easier -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- approach than tapping holes & using Allen screws .
 I was n't really shopping for a drill press , but when I saw this on display in a local tool shop and saw the `` variable speed '' feature I decided I needed it . My previous drill press had multi speeds but required changing the belt position . I thought this variable speed feature would be really slick . And it is . But ... -LRB- and this is what I asked Delta -RRB- ... how the heck do I know what speeds I 'm using ? Except for lowest speed , 500rpm at extreme left , and highest speed , 3100rpm at extreme right , there 's no other speed indicators marked . I called Delta and the technician I talked with said he did n't know why there were n't other speeds marked on the decal . How easy it would have been for Delta , with all their sophisticated testing equipment , to put a mark at , for instance , every 500 rpm . -LRB- And by the way , in the owners manual they warn you several times to `` always use the correct speed with the correct bit for the material you 're drilling '' . They even include a chart with suggested speeds . -RRB- Other than that , I think its a good little drill press . It 's a heavy dude , but then you want that in a table top press . Have n't used it much so ca n't vouch for its accuracy but it runs smooth and quiet . Variable speeds are easy to change . Nice feature , but ... Did I miss something here ?
 I bought this cord for my small shop . Shipping was prompt in 4 days with the super saver shipping . The cord itself is made of a bright yellow heavy gauge -LRB- Thick ! -RRB- . The Green lights illuminate on all the outlet heads when plugged in and make it easy to find them in the dark or when its coiled . It also has two holes on each side of the outlets so one can mount the cord staionary on the wall or ground.I have not used more than three tools at once but when I did I had no problems . This is a high quality tool that gives one the freedom to make and plug in six extra outlets in seconds . I would recommend this tool to anyone ... its a gem in my shop .
 I 've used this cord in my small renovation business for about two years . It has proven itself every day . The multipile plugs has alowed me to spread my equipment out in a logical maner . The cord remains flexable in cold weather . I wraped the logical areas with electric tape befor placing in service . I recomend this extesion cord as your main feeder trunk .
 I got tired of tripping over extension cords on the floor of my work shop so I thought I 'd try this cord . I attached it to the ceiling with 1/2 '' PVC holders . With a 9 ' ceiling it was out of my reach but with some 2 ' cords dropping down I can now reach things just fine . Yeh I know an extension cord on the ceiling sounds a little strange but it works great . This cord is built quite heavy and all of the plug ins are lighted to show that the power is on . Buy one of these cords and use your imagination you will have outlets in all the right places .
 Even though it mentions that it is designed for t posts , they do with a bit of pressure do fit on the normal U posts they sell at home depot and lowe 's . Though when we brought our house , there was some leftover U posts that were larger in width that does not accept these insulators.As for how they work , they work as well as expected . It is possible to undo or unlock the locking part which holds the wire though I have a feeling every time I do it with a screwdriver that I am going to break the plastic .
 Its a simple tool , and easy to use . Its also very light , but bulky to carry around . The area and volume calculations are as accurate as one would want for a house/apartment/small office use ... Drawback
 I want to let you avoid the mistake I made . The description says -LRB- as of 4/9/12 -RRB- that this has `` A laser pattern illuminates target area to aid accuracy '' . It does NOT . I bought it believing that it did because that 's what it says , but I promise you that when you get this model it will not have a laser .
 I am not sure why you would buy a `` normal '' extension cord ever again . The multiple outlets and the way they light up to verify power is super-nice !! Enjoy !
 One of the best purchases made . Contracor grade cord handles BIG jobs . I use these to run power tools at construction sites .
 Very good extension cord if you need your outlets spaced out . My only problem is that it has 3 not 4 outlets .
 We purchased this cord for it 's multiple outlets to set up the stage for our band . Nothing could be easier or more effecient ! Just lay it our and everybody can snag their own outlet without all the cords coming together like a spider 's web !
 Makita has done it again ! I bought this tool based on my history of good results with Makita tools . I was not dissappointed . This HM1810 chews through concrete like butter , and with very little vibration felt in the handle . It seems quiet for what it is doing . This is positively a heavy hitting `` secret weapon , '' if you work in concrete .
 These sinks are a terrific bargain . First of all the size is made for a cook . You can put a 12 '' frypan on the bottom of the sink - no problem . The 10 '' depth is a great feature for cooks who tend to slop around . The material is FABULOUS - nothing short of miraculous . I have had Swanstone sinks in the kitchen , baths , laundry and wet bar for 24 years - not a mark on any of them . One time I left a slight gash by dropping a heavy pan . I sanded it a bit and that fixed it . I keep them looking good with Bar Keepers ' Friend.I have all undermount sinks - ease of cleaning - no edges to deal with . These sinks are meant to last and last and look beautiful - mustart , grease , tomato sauce - bring it on . These sinks are appropriately named - Super Double Bowl !
 I love this sink but unfortunately it 's too big for my granite undermount in a standard 36 &#34; cabinet . My installer called to say he would have to &#34; seam &#34; the granite in front of , and behind , the sink . The reason was the small strip of granite that was left after the hole was cut would not support the remaining full pieces to the left and right upon installation . -LRB- If you carried it by the ends , it would snap in the middle -RRB- The way around this is to build a cabinet which is deeper -LRB- front to back -RRB- which would allow more granite support . I 've seen this type of layout at Lowes and Home Depot but did n't understand the reason behind it . Since I did n't want to change the new cabinet layout already installed , we opted for the smaller 25x18 Swanstone sink . It is much smaller but adequate for my wife and me , since she will be using the dishwasher mostly anyway . Also be sure the 10 &#34; depth wo n't be too deep . My drain line may have been a little too high in the cabinet -LRB- and wall -RRB- . Considering the strainer baskets , the connection tubing for double bowls , the p-trap , and the dishwasher adapter ; make sure the trap is n't too low to meet the drainpipe . BUT THE SINK IS BEAUTIFUL . Maybe in my next home !!
 I am a Real Estate Agent and this device measures rooms so I can put the measurements in my listing on-line . The more details you can give buyers the better . I love the laser light circle that displays on the walls across from where you want to measure . It beeps twice if the measurement is good and several times if there is an error . If there is an error , I can easily adjust the device and then press the read button again to capture it . My clients are also impressed by the unique device . It just works for me .
 This is a handy tool , useful for figuring out the true square footage of a house/apartment . Take it along to real estate showings and find out what the real dimensions are , rather than what a broker may be telling you .
 Works great . You 'll still need to keep your old fashioned tape measure around for precision measuring , but for measuring large areas this should be a no brainer purchase.I will mostly use the default linear setting , but it 's nice to have the area and volume settings available for those rare occasions that it 's needed.As others have mentioned , the 9V battery that this product takes is not included .
 I own a business running wired , and technical consulting etc. . and this thing is great for getting a fast length of a room to measure cable length requirements . it 's even easy to use . I think I threw the directions away and still figured it out in under 5 minutes .
 I am a real estate broker and use this for measuring all of my listings . I like the laser circle light that lets you aim your target before getting the measurement . You have to be careful that the lights in the circle do n't reflect off of a closer object or you get an incorrect measurement and I have n't found a way to override that issue . Otherwise works great !
 I bought this for my brother-in-law in 2005 and worked until now . He had used for his floor installation company . I believe it is a great product . He wants another one ...
 This measuring device is compact , easy to use , and uses one 9-volt battery . It has a limited distance range , which I have found to be about 20 feet . Beyond that , its reliability gets dicey .
 As a Real Estate agent this is a wonderful tool to use in my business ! What an easy way to measure rooms . I had previously used another product until my dog chewed it up . As It turned out , I 'm glad that she did . What I really like about this is that it shows you , in a red circle , exactly what the laser is bouncing off of . It takes the guess work out of making sure that it is not hitting something closer than the wall you are aiming for . Hopefully , I wo n't have to buy another one soon but if I do it will be this product .
 I bought this to replace another laser measuring device that I use for measuring the interiors of commercial space . I like this one better than the former device because it has multiple beams -LRB- instead of a single beam -RRB- so it seems to have better accuracy and is less sensitive around windows -LRB- glare affected the other device -RRB- . The only thing I that I have to get used to is that it seems to turn off in a relatively short period of time so I go to read a distance and realize the power is off . This helps prolong the battery life and the info is saved so it 's not that big of a deal .
 Just to note , these are `` laser '' sighted , but measure with sound , and is the reason for the bell shape on one side.Does a pretty good job and is most useful to measure the height of open rooms that would require a ladder otherwise.Since it does use sound reflection to measure distance , you must make sure nothing gets in the way to make the readings wrong . Now and then if there is a tricky spot to measure , I 'll use this on the longest clear shot and finish up the rest of the distance with a tape measure . But no big deal in order to get around a problem area .
 I am a Realtor , and in the past I would fumble with a measuring tape when sizing out rooms . With this device I get an acurrate measurement in seconds . It has become a very handy tool of my trade
 This works great - an amazing time saver and your home sellers are fascinated by it too !
 This is a good tool for measuring a room . Soon after getting this , it started giving weird readings and this was fixed by replacing the battery . I do n't know if it &#34; eats &#34; batteries or the battery we used was old . Overall , we 're satisfied with it .
 I am delighted to own this tool . Pay attention to how you hold it and it will serve you well . It can be a bit cumbersome to hold and push the READ button so just expect to take readings several times . Great for measuring rooms .
 I am a real estate agent and wanted a tool that I could use with ease when measuring rooms . This instrument reads the size of the room fairly accurate when I checked the original floor plans against what I had measured with the Zircon . Some rooms my measurements were off by just a tad , others were right on target . I 'm still getting used to using it , especially in rooms with windows where it 's hard to find an area in which the laser can read on a solid wall ; however , I was able to swiftly go through the house , measure the rooms without the assistance of others . I feel the Zircon Ultrasonic Measure with Laser Targeting is worth every bit of what I paid for it .
 I work at a retail carpet store . My Zircon has come in very handy when I have to measure at homes where the owner was too lazy to pick up clothes , toys , etc. off the floor . I no longer have to pick up dirty socks or underwear -LRB- yes , underwear -RRB- to do a correct measure . It 's VERY accurate .
 My husband has had one of these that he uses for work almost every day , and finally stopped working . I was happy to find another one , exactly like his last one , at such a good price . Got it in two days !
 We are getting closer to moving and I 'll want to check room sizes when looking at homes we might consider . This tool can very quickly measure a room and you can quickly sketch the layout and add length and width as you walk around looking . This would be nice for later comparisons . I found that ceilings will not measure well because of lack of solidity of the material . It can place a laser circle of dots on the far wall so you see where it is measuring , the measurement is made sonically!I am impressed with the tool - you add 4.25 inches to the dimensions -LRB- length of the tool -RRB- . Max length for measuring is 50 ft - but it has a setting to add two lengths measured to get a longer measurement .
 Great for quick measurements . Accurate . Easy to use . No more messing with tape measures .
 easy to use very accurate as promised . I use to measure square footage of homes for heating and a/c installations . saves me time to go out and make another sale . Amazon , thanks for making work fun .
 It 's a great product and certainly does the job it 's intended to . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the switch button is too easy to press , which means it can be turned on while inside a bag and waste battery . I got a little protection for it and do n't have this problem anymore .
 Beside the funny looking shape of this unit with the Glenn Miller `` clarinet tip '' on the side . . it is great device . Much better than using a measuring tape but not so great for carrying it in your tool box or purse , it takes the same space , or maybe more as the mesurring tape . Great for personal use for quick measurements of rooms or empty spaces to estimate for materials . I would definately recommend it .
 This is great for my real estate business - measuring square footage in homes and buildings . Easy to use and very accurate !
 I am very satisfied . The fact that it does two way straight line eliminates the 50 ' limit problem . I like the SF and volume measurement as well . I was pleased to note that the unit 's laser bounces off glass as well as walls . The only minor problem is that at 50 ' , the reflective service must be significantly large ; ca n't use a friend holding a note book . I highly recommend this item .
 No complaints with the quality of the device or it 's accuracy , just bear in mind that you need a 9 volt battery , which does n't come with the device . Something I did n't even think about when I bought this . Buy this but go to the store and grab a battery .
 This unit is perfect for removing the ultrasonic bell -LRB- delicately I might add -RRB- , and extending the bell with a a cable to remotely measure levels in a cistern . -LRB- not much more than 6-8ft with 24-26awg straight modular phone cable -RRB- . Use stranded wire , not solid . This mod saves on removing a concrete , tiled floor section to check you water level . I 've struggled with the thought of re-mounting laser optics on a newer model , but gave up on the reliability of optics in a damp , cold , wet environment . Other ultrasonic measures have the feedhorn molded into the body , which makes them much tougher than this baby to modify.Obiously wrecked a few of these units along the way upon disecting them . Chalked that up as a tuition payment.Zircon does not know the power of their Kung fu is strong.Rock on ... Zircon ... PS
 We have been using the laser a lot lately and so far it works great . I would definately recommend it .
 This tool is great for determining room dimensions , square footage , and cubic footage . It should not be used in place of a tape measure by any means , as it is only for measuring rooms to estimate for materials , such as base , crown , flooring , paint , etc. . It is impressively accurate to within an inch , and not exact only because it rounds to the nearest inch , which is n't significantwhen measuring a room.For measuring lengths of items , where to cut , where to hang a picture , etc , use a conventional tape measure , but for measuring a room , use this product . Excellent !
 I use my Zircon all the time when showing homes to my clients who want to know the dimension of any room . Very easy to use . So much better than carrying measuring tape . Definitely worth owning .
 I am very satisfied with this purchase . Not only did it arrive quickly , it is also light , compact and very easy to use . You can carry it in your purse . I am a real estate agent and I bring it with me on all my showings and listing appointments . It makes measuring rooms so quick and easy , it 's hard to imagine why anyone would go back to using a tape measure .
 Use extensively for ripping pressure treated lumber . Smooth , minimal saw marks . Price beat everyone and performance is more than addequaate .
 I ca n't find a better blade at a better price . We have been using these on the job for years .
 My spouse is blind but is an incredible handyman . He uses the beegees out of his level . It is tough , acurate , and is most importantly audible.If you are looking for a hard working , easy to use level , this is it . If you know someone who is sight challenged or who works in low light places , this is the level to get . It 's magnetic features and memory features are a bonus . Ours have gone through much dirt , dust , dropping from ladders & roofs , dogs - cats - and grandkids and still work . It holds the place of honor on top of the fridge , right next to the talking tape measure !
 This is one of those tools you 'll take on every job . Only 10 '' long , the Zircon Video Level is more accurate and easy to use than full length spirit levels.I 've just had to buy a replacement after the one I 'd had for years got damaged , and I really missed it while waiting for the new one to arrive.For hanging pictures , etc. you just put the Video Level on top , and it emits a continuous tone when it 's level . If you 're slightly out , the display tells you which way to adjust . You seldom need to look , though , as it is so sensitive that you can hear the ` beep ' cut in and out as you adjust.You sometimes have to watch out with long items , as many have a slight bow in them , in this case you just put the Video Level on top of a straight length of wood or a conventional spirit level.This is an excellent tool , which makes things much quicker and easier when working alone . I 've also got the Zircon Laser Level , which is similar but with a built-in laser , which I need for checking very slight falls over a long distance . This is much more expensive , so unless you really need the laser , the Video Level is outstanding value.Do try it !
 I 've used my Zircon level for at least 5 years and it 's truly one of the best tools to have . I do framing , siding , plumbing , gutters , etc. . Accuracy is beyond question . And the audio tone is great in areas of low light , where you might have trouble seeing a bubble .
 all in all this saw has the power , features , and even has a compound capability . honestly this saw has side tapped holes for the table extension and everything . A GREAT VALUE . Just the basic 's are needed on these saws for any level of Do-It-Yourselfer . Just take this in to consideration i own one i use it in a professional setting daily , see i 'm a 10 year carpenter . just remember keep those saw blades sharp and happy cutting . ENJOY SINCERLY , S.A. BENSON
 Arrived way ahead of schedule . Easy to install , quiet , works like a charm .
 AN EASY INSTALLATION , JUST FOLLOW THE WRITTEN DIRECTIONS . IT WAS A REPLACEMENT AND I WAS ABLE TO RE-USE MOST OF THE EXISTING LIGHT ANGLE IRON MOUNTING BRACKETS . DOOR SENSORS WERE EASY TO INSTALL AND LINE UP . AFTER INSTALLATION , IT WAS REAL SIMPLE TO MAKE ALL THE FINAL ADJUSTMENT.MY OLD OPENER WAS A CHAIN DRIVEN AND VERY NOISY . I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE PERFORMANCE AND IMPRESSED WITH THE QUITE OPERATION OF A SCREW TYPE .
 Easy to install , good direction and a strong quiet motor . I would buy it again if needed . Update
 I purchased the Chamberlain PowerDrive garage door opener to replace my old Allister chain drive garage door opener , the radio receiver fail . Even through , the old one still works strong . The new opener was delivered without any damage in a week after I ordered . However , I have to call the friendly Chamberlain technical support staff for an extra extension kit to fit my 8 feet garage door ; otherwise the door would not full open . I think I spend more time in study the instruction than I spend time to remove the old opener and to install the new one . I have to ask a buddy of mine to hang it under the ceiling , and we finish the job in less than an hour . It is definitely two man 's job for this part . The set up and adjustment to the machine was easier than the instruction . I have notice immediately that the screw drive opener operates much quite than my old chain drive opener . It opens the 8 feet garage door slower than my old chain drive opener . Otherwise , everything works just fine , consider the cheap price . If you are not a handy man like me , this is the start . I recommend this Chamberlain PowerDrive PD422D screw drive garage door opener highly .
 Not sure how it works because I have n't even taken it out of the box . But the shipping and service was great . I will keep you posted. : -RRB-
 The screw driven opener performs very well . Operation is quiet and smooth . The computer 's logic and sensors ensures the opener will avoid `` crushing '' incidents . The lightweight rail is easy to assemble and stronger then expected . I used Locktite medium strength to ensure nuts would not vibrate off . The lack of vibration made the Locktite superfluous.The manual was clearly written . Providing the installation steps are followed , the system is easy to install in a half a day . Please make sure your door is balanced as explained in the manual . You do need a 6 ft. `` A '' frame ladder . Manuals can be previewed -LRB- to see if you want to tackle this job -RRB- and additional accessories are available at Chamberlain 's own web site.Amazon 's competitive pricing and inexpensive shipping made the purchase easy .
 I was impressed on the high quality of this product and the easy installation . This item shipped very fast , was delivered within three days after I ordered the Item.Installation took about two hours , since all I was doing was replacing a new garage door opener for an old existing one.I highly recommend this Item to everyone .
 I bought this opener because of the good reviews it got . I have to agree with the reviews I read . It replaced a Sears .5 HP unit that was dying after 15 years of service . The Chamberlain fit well . All I had to do was drop the Sears opener out and install the Chamberlain in its place . The only wiring I had to do was the obstruction sensor . All the other Sears wires worked with the Chamberlain unit . Easy install and smooth performance ! I recommend this unit .
 My ex was a couch potato and we did n't have the money to hire people to fix things , so I learned to do more than the average woman would attempt , which is why I installed this opener myself , with the only help being when it came to lift and hold while I put the bolts in . I did run into a snag and had to call Chamberlain tech support . His diagnosis was that the mother board burnt out , and since I did n't have an Ohm meter , that I 'd have to have a professional come out and look at it and that I WOULD BE THE ONE RESPONSIBLE TO PAY THE PROFESSIONAL ! I was SHOCKED !! I just got the unit a few days before which turns out to be defective and Chamberlain expected ME to pay for the service ! What kind of customer support is that !!? As it turned out , after I hung up with him , it was just a wire that was n't in all the way , and the unit works Great ! Love it !
 Easy , user friendly instructions - approximately 1 1/2 hrs.installation time . Very pleased with this opener , it works quietlyand smoothly . My first screw-drive opener ; will never go back tochain drive again .
 I opted for this garage door opener for two reasons , the price and it 's a screw drive . I initially purchase one to replace a really old opener that was failing . Because I was pleased with the installation process and its performance , the decided to purchase a second model . I 've had them both for 3 months and no issues thus far .
 Guess what , it worked like its suppose to . No issues . Seriously , unlike most consumer products , it does what its suppose to . Hopefully it will last a few years before breaking .
 I struggled with my old garage door opener for longer than I should have . It did n't work in very cold weather . Not a good thing in Wisconsin ! The Chamberlain was relatively easy to install and is working perfectly . Although , I must admit , it 's not very cold in Wisconsin in June . I do have great confidence , however . Also , good price and free delivery was a double plus !!
 I installed two of these chain driven Chamberlains for two doors . My wife was not available to help me with the install -LRB- she is not easy , affordable or quiet -LSB- just kidding , dear -RSB- -RRB- . However , I was able to do them both myself with the help of a 6 ft ladder , a Makita cordless , a socket set , and a screwdriver.It took me about 38 minutes to assemble the first one and 20 minutes for the second one . After that , each unit required about an hour to attach brackets and mount . A fairly easy job that required some skill . I needed to purchase the screws/bolts required to mount the unit to the support -LRB- they give most but not all screws/bolts as every garage is different -RRB- . My garage required installing brackets to the supports as well.I like my wires neat , so I purchased an Arrow electric staple gun - a good move -LRB- the one I bought can handle rounded and squared staples along with one size of nail -RRB- . Installing the sensors is required , and putting up all of the keypads and sensor wires for both units took about 40-50 minutes . A piece of cake job -LRB- with a staple gun -RRB- , and the sensors mounted easily on their brackets.A light bulb and some tweaking are required -LRB- 15 minutes each unit -RRB- . Adjusting the door up and down limits is a trial and error method of rotating two screws to the correct position -LRB- opening and closing the door to make sure it goes high/low enough -RRB- . I did n't have to tamper with the force adjustments , but I do n't have heavy wooden garage doors.I helped my buddy install his Chamberlain Primo Belt Driver unit , and I honestly do n't think it 's that much quieter to justify the extra expense . However , my garage is n't connected to my house , so I do n't hear it . It 's probably worth the extra $ if a main room is right above the garage . It 's not a huge difference , though .5 stars as it 's a great buy for the money . ** Added ** - I 've had these for about four years now , and no problems . They work work well with the Security + keychain remotes that I 've purchased .
 I ordered 2 PD210 openers in early November 05 and received them in late February of 06 . Besides the dealings with Amazon the openers are great . I installed them this weekend and they work well , were easy to install and are very quiet . Be wary of a few things though . Amazon drug their feet for almost 4 months because I clicked the `` send in as few shipments as possible '' button . After they suggested I split them up I had the openers , in 2 separate shipments , within 2 days . Also be aware that the CLK1 remote keypad control DOES NOT WORK WITH THESE OPENERS ! I had trouble programming it and called the support line . One of the first things the recording says is that it will not function with Chamberlain openers that have a purple learn button , like the ones I received . So besides those few things these openers appear to work great , I am happy witht the Chamberlain experience , just not the Amazon experience .
 I bought this is a gift for my father , he loved it . This product was easy to install it only took about 1/2 hour to install . The extra security features are wonderful and ease my father 's mind . Having the convenience of not getting out of the car has been wonderful . The product shipped in 2 days and we got it on the 3rd day . It opens smooth with almost no noise ! Thank you for this product .
 This is a basic unit with one clicker and a simple doorbell switch -- no fancy lockout or light button , but it 's what I needed for my spare third garage . It 's replacing a 20 year old Genie Trak Drive unit . I have four other Chamberlain openers , and there 's never a problem . If you plan to install yourself , you need to understand that this is going to be a time consuming job . This one took me one hour to assemble , and another 1.5 hours to install with all wiring -- using a staple gun . It 's easy to staple through a wire -- I did it , but fortunately there is a diagnostic light that tells you that you screwed up , and what you did wrong . The travel adjustments work well , and it works very nicely . I 'd buy another one .
 We installed this garage door opener on a single door garage . It was a new installation , so we had to install a mounting bracket using our own components and run electricity to the unit and wall switch . We have installed multiple garage door openers -LRB- replacement & new installations -RRB- & found this unit easy to manage & easy to install.Installation
 I 've owned this product for almost two years now , and its performed well . My application was unique , having very little space between the ceiling and door -LRB- 5 '' -RRB- . Also the door spring sits over top of the door where you are supposed to mount the rail . I had to modify a bracket and mount the rail and motor very close to the ceiling . I should also mention that my door is fairly heavy 8X16 steel insulated.The only problem I had was the chain would `` jump '' over top of the piece that slides on the rail causing it to grind and bind up . This may have been due to my specific application , but it looks more like a design problem with the rubber piece on the slide . I added a piece of metal to the slide that prevents this and have had no troubles since.I 've heard noisier openers , but I would not label this one as `` quiet '' either .
 The unit was somewhat complicated to install but I followed the directions and got through it OK .
 Directions were concise there were no missing parts it was easy to assembly and it works as advertised ! GOOD JOB CHAMBERLAIN !
 Even after I dropped and broke the spool during installation , the sent me another , and did n't even charge me the `` doh '' fee .
 This is a basic garage operator . It works just as advertised and the general structure is pretty solid . Assembly and installation is harder than described but it 's overall easy , even the wiring . You should get another person to help mount the unit.The price is very fair .
 The opener arrived via U.S. mail a few days after the purchase . The opener was easily put together and installed . The instructions were outstanding . It works like a champ .
 i 've used this garage door before , and it works great for the price . i was pretty skeptical about purchasing due to the reviews depicting poor delivery by amazon . however , i received mine today -LRB- 12/14/06 -RRB- and ordered it yesterday -LRB- 12/13/06 -RRB- . that was with the free super saver shipping - or whatever you call it . i live in ohio by the way - that may be part of the reason that it arrived so soon , not sure?i 'm giving this item as a christmas gift , to my sister and brother in law . my dad 's purchasing another one -LRB- for their second garage door -RRB- in just a few minutes.i just wanted to let some wary buyers know that mine came on time .
 It was fine works as expected , if I now could only get it to work with the transmitter built into the car I have .
 Amazon may have had a problem delivering in the past , but I received mine in 2 days with the super saver shipping . Do n't let the reviews scare you away from this solid product .
 It opens and closes the garage door . I have installed it instead of a much older Chamberlain model , reusing the rail and chain and it worked just fine.I do not like that beam safety thing , I did fine without it for all those years , and it annoyed me that I found no way to turn it off . I had to glue the sensors to the opener support beam , facing each other , so that it operates .
 We were hesitant to buy this model at first as we thought it would be too loud and not as good quality wise being one of the cheaper models . We were wrong ! It arrived in ONE day with the free shipping from Harrisburg PA and it was fairly easy to install which my husband did by himself . I would n't say that it is loud but it does make a little noise which should be expected . We have had this about a week so far and I would buy it all over again .
 This item was a christmas present for my mom . It came in two days and I had Sears install it . Cost me $ 150 to install but it was worth it because my mother absolutly loves it . Would have been nice to have two remotes but I will just purchase the extra one.No complaints !!!!
 door opener works well on a lightweight fiberglass 8 x 16 door . easy to install just follow detailed instructions . The help phone guy was worth the phone call to correct one problem with the down contacts . It is a basic unit.Programmed car remote , wall remote , visor link , and wireless key pad . all work fine .
 This is a very good product for the price . I am very satisfied with it for quality and ease of installation .
 We installed this ourselves in an afternoon . No problems , all the pieces were there and the directions were pretty straightforward . It operates fairly quietly and works great .
 it came on time and works great so far . I got it last month , had to go to Lowe 's twice for the angle irons and reinforced block , yet overall I am happy with it so far .
 So far it performs well ! It works flawlessly with the keyless entry ` KEP-1 ' made by Genie .
 had none of the problems described by previous reviewers , in terms of actually getting the item . Arrived quickly.Everything that I needed was in the box . Installation instructions were clear . Attached without problem to existing garage door and hardware . Adjustments were straightforward once I read the manual . Quieter and smoother than the original Stanley that it replaced.Wall opener seems a little flimsy , but no other complaints .
 I had stopped using Amazon a few years ago after they botched a bigChristmas order , so I had significant trepidation about this order , particularly after reading some of the reviews . But the low price -LRB- $ 30 cheaper than the nearest competitor before shipping -RRB- hooked me , and I decided to go for it.So , it was a HUGE relief when I ordered this item two weeks beforeChristmas and it arrived in 2 days , even with the free shipping offer.With the free shipping , this item was easily $ 50 cheaper than any othervendor I could find , including my local Lowes.Great opener , Homelink compatible - highly recommended .
 This product works fine and I programmed my opener to recognize it with no problems whatsoever . The first reviewer writes that it works great and then any button will work the door . He likely failed to read this in the instructions : `` Once programmed , the keypad remains active for 15 seconds . During this time you may stop , reverse or reactivate the door by pressing any number on the keypad . `` In other words , once you have put in your code , any key you touch in the next 15 seconds will work the door . I 've tried it on mine . It works just as the instructions say .
 I was surprised to find out how easy the installation and it has worked perfectly ever since I installed last month .
 Amazing ! We love this product . It 's perfect and very easy to program and use . No need to give out keys to family and adult children that do n't live with you . If they forget their keys they can still get in without you being there ! We should have bought this item a long time ago !
 I programmed this product as per the instructions and it did not work . However , I tried reversing the dip switches -LRB- up is down and down is up -RRB- and the programming worked . One would assume that when the numbers on the dip switches are right side up , that the switch is right side up , not necessarily true . The device works great and except for that one little glitch , it was very easy to program and works well . What a convenient device . it saves me from running in the house or needing car keys when I am working outside and need to get into the garage .
 Very good , easy to install . Easy to program . Works perfect !
 New item purchased is for a relative . it is the same item that I currently use at home . Only problem is the cover fades over time , but it can be painted .
 I was leery about buying this garage door opener after I read some of the negative comments about people 's difficulty in programming it and about its longevity . I do n't know about how long-lasting my opener will be , but I found it very easy to program -- under five minutes , in fact . My package was labeled `` new and improved '' -LRB- or words to that effect -RRB- , so perhaps things have gotten better since users had bad experiences in the past . In any event , I had no trouble .
 This product works fine and I programmed my opener to recognize it with no problems whatsoever . The first reviewer writes that it works great and then any button will work the door . He likely failed to read this in the instructions : `` Once programmed , the keypad remains active for 15 seconds . During this time you may stop , reverse or reactivate the door by pressing any number on the keypad . `` In other words , once you have put in your code , any key you touch in the next 15 seconds will work the door . I 've tried it on mine . It works just as the instructions say .
 Handy . Kids and relatives can enter our home w/o giving them a key to loose . Can change the passcode anytime . When out of town , take the batteries out to prevent break-in . We do n't need to use our door into the garage anymore .
 I had printed the instruction manual for setup for this product from their website . Do n't remember if the product came with the manual tho ' . But it was very easy to setup-just by following the step by step instructions and very easy to install . I 'm a single mom and not so handy with tools but even for me it was a piece of cake .
 Item does everything you expect . Provides convenient access to garage and house without key . Easy directions to program . This was a replacement for one installed 5 years ago . Last one just stopped working one day ... not the battery , just the rf link . Easy swap and easy to have working again ... less than an hour after receipt .
 Purchased at Home Depot - same as shown here , but may have had a slightly different number.Easy to install.Easy to spray paint cover - comes in beige only.Easy to code.One item - once you enter your code , and the garage door opens , and you then hit any number on the key pad , it will close the garage door -LRB- without putting in the proper code that was programmed -RRB- . I think it needs 30 seconds to clear out the first entry . Other than that , it has worked fine -LRB- have had about 2 to 3 weeks -RRB- .
 Title says it all . I have been using one of these for 4 years and it works great ! ****** Update ****** It is 2011 and it is still working great .
 I needed it for a few holes . I have a weird house that has a concrete floor supported by tiles and steel bar instead of plywood and joists . It is solid but a pain to run wires and pipes from the basement to the first floor . This bit was perfect with a deWalt hammer drill to get a long hole made to run some wire from a bedroom downstairs , so i could wire in an electric baseboard heater . Would recommend , it took about 2 minutes to get through , which i consider to be very fast for that task . would buy again if ever need a different size also !
 I 've been buying Bosch bits from Home Depot . Generally , drilling concrete , I was lucky to sink four holes before the bit became bent and useless -LRB- they would bend long before they became dull -RRB- . These bits are considerably less expensive and a better quality . If you have a similar problem , you might give these a try . I 'm happy .
 Let me first say that I 'm most definately a Lie-Nielsen or Veratis plane fan . I got this one for Christmas a few years ago and upon first trying it , performed about like I expected which was mediocure . Since it was a gift , I opted to spend a little time with it . I was pleased to discover the sole was fairly flat , and the frog was pretty well machined so that saved time . I flattened the back of the blade , ground it , honed it , put a sharpening bevel on it , touched up the frog and chipbreaker , and set it to close the mouth a bit more.This is now a favorite . With the stock blade , it 's still technically not quite the performer of a like Lie-Nielsen or Veritas , I would challenge anyone to really see a difference without a micrometer . It cuts full width shavings resembling strips of cotton . It fits the hand very well and I can get .002 shavings from it without problems but it can get .001 with slight adjustment . I think that a sharp blade and good fitting chipbreaker are a huge part of the equasion . It 's equivilent in size to a Stanley # 5 so it serves me well as a jack plane but even though a tad long , could serve as an excellent smoother . It must be a Wednesday plane because I ca n't explain any other reason this very inexpensive plane works so well.Edit as of 12/7/09
 I have two Garage Door Openers in my house , a new Chamberlain Belt Drive we bought a few months ago , and an old LiftMaster Chain Drive that was here when the house was built . We primarily use the Garage Door with the new opener , but have had to have two remotes in each car for those times when I want to open the other garage door . What a pain ! We bought this remote to solve the problem , and it did!The remote was pretty easy to program for both openers . Now both my wife and I only have to carry this `` Clicker , '' instead of the two different remotes on the visor . Great & simple product !
 I now have 3 of these remotes . They are durable , and easy to program . The battery life has been really good -LRB- over a year on one battery and still going strong ! -RRB- I love the fact I am able to program two garage door openers on one remote . For people with one garage door opener , program them both to the same settings and then it wo n't matter which button you push ! As far as replacement remotes go , this is a wonderful low cost option . However , verify your garage door/lift gate opener is compatible first ! Check out Chamberlain 's web site
 It worked well an older Sears Craftman in a house we bought . It has a learning button -LRB- green -RRB- and is probably vintage 1990s . I read a review that said installing this device knocked out other remotes . In our case this did not happen , the other remotes continue to work.It 's big and klunky , but I 'm pleased .
 I have an old Sears Craftsman garage door opener . I was skeptical that the Clicker would work with my prehistoric opener . At first it did n't . The included instructions did n't work at all . I had almost given up when I Googled the Clicker and found the company 's website . The instructions on their site made more sense and it worked like a charm . So do n't give up on it , just find the right directions.I agree with some of the previous reviewers when they mention the size of the remote . It is a little bulky and the clip does n't fit very well on my Honda Accord visor . Other than that I 'm really glad I gambled on it !
 I am pleased with the remote door opener . For some reason however , I did not recieve my original order , and I had to call on telephone to notify them that I did not recieve the order . They replaced the order and sent it to me . I then recieved it two days later with no problems . Overall I am pleased with the product and would recomend it to others for the price.Thank you . Zoltan Balogh
 I tried a different name and it did n't work . This one worked great with my existing garage door opener -LRB- Craftsman -RRB- which was installed sometime in the late 90 's . We programmed it quite easily and quickly . It was so easy to use , I decided to buy two more for my other vehicles . The only downside it that you must be pointing the remote at the door with a clear line of sight for it to work , unlike my old remote which I could push from up the street and have my door open by the time I arrived .
 Ignore the negative reviews as it was did n't operate their doors . Simple instrutions , works well .
 This door opener works great , but has to be at a close distance . Easy to use and program . Even works on an old garage door opener with old code not supported by others . Great price .
 have your garage manual handy to program the new unit ... if not handy go to the manufacturers 's web site and programming is in the manual
 We have two garage doors . When we bought this house , there was only a remote door opener for one of the doors . The Chamberlain Universal Clicker was able to be configured to operate an old Stanley garage door opener . It 's a type of opener that does not use `` DIP '' switches to set the codes , but instead has wires that were either cut or not - a very basic system . But this remote works both doors great . I highly recommend this unit to anyone looking for a replacement or in my case missing remote .
 One of these came with the house I bought , but I needed a couple more so I bought them . Easy to set up for my Sears opener -LRB- with red programmable button -RRB- .
 The remote works great and was easy to program.The only issue is that it seems a little big . Our other remote that came with the garage door was small.This one is quite large comparatively . It still fits fine in the car , but I wish it were just a tad bit smaller .
 All in all this works . Programming was relativly easy , once we figured out if we had DIP switches or smart button on our motor unit .
 The directions were a little confusing for an older remote/garage door opener that does n't have DIP switches . I have a 1999 Craftsman opener with the RED smart learn button . I set the brand switches on the Clicker to Off-On-On-Off and the first DIP switch to Neutral , in the middle of on and off , and set the rest to off . It worked on the first try !
 It took less than 2 minutes to program the clicker to work on an old Linear Delta 3-style garage door opener . The greatest difficulty involved getting the battery cover back on after finishing the programming . -LRB- And really , that was n't so hard -RRB- . I think that the manufacturer of this product responds to customer complaints . The manual that came with the clicker now clearly says to try reversing the dip switches if things do n't work right the first time . It sounds like this was not previously the case .
 Since I moved into my house I have had to buy universal remotes . I have purchased a couple and have found that the clicker clicker is the easiest to set up and easiest to use .
 Easy to set up . I have an older DIP switch Craftsman door on one garage and a newer `` learning '' door on the other . This is the first opener I have found that will work easily with both .
 This is for all the Tool Belt Divas out there . If you have a Craftsman that has dip switches this is the key - You have to physically change the dip swithches on your door opener -LRB- on your garage ceiling -RRB- so that none of them are in the middle position , they have to be either '' + '' or '' - '' , and you can set them to whatever configuration you want . Then set the dip switches inside the remote to match , then it works great . For the second garage door change those dip switches to something different on the door opener and then change the dip switches in the remote to match that opener and set the remote . I wish i would have had someone to explain this to me the other day when I spent several frustrating hours trying to program the remote - i almost took it back ! Tonight I searched the internet and found a different set of instructions that seemed to clarify the situation for me and I programmed both doors in less than 5 min . I am so happy now ! I love my new garage door remote .
 I read the other reviews and was surprised folks had such a problem programming it . The product information lists which openers are and are n't compatible . Ours was on the compatible list . I followed the instructions and was able to set up two different doors in less than 5 minutes . Did n't have any problems and have n't had any problems since .
 One of the remotes for our Liftmaster garage door opener quit one evening from old age . We needed an immediate replacement and went to Home Depot . No Liftmaster remotes are available at Home Depot . We were glad to find a remote that would work with other opener systems . I had to read the Clicker 's instructions several times to set the DIP switches properly for our Liftmaster system . I was not sure it would work , but everything went well . This remote works flawlessly . It has better range than the factory original .
 Maybe I was fortunate to have an opener with an easy learn button , but it was easy to program the remote and then use it to program the home link in my car . size is a little larger than I would have liked , but works great .
 I have a craftsman door opener which is about 10 years old . The original remote stopped working . After reading many reviews I decided to purchase the Chamberlain remote . Programmed the new remote in about 5 mins . It works great ! and cost was about half the price of a craftsman remote .
 If you need to replace your remote , this one will do the trick . Programming it was easy , just follow the instructions . Sturdy build , and the clip is conveniently removable .
 We needed three of these due to buying a house with no remote for the garage door opener . They are well-made and easy to program . The only drawback is
 I purchased this to replace my grandmother 's old one . This was completely compatable with her 15 year old Craftsman system and only took minutes to program . Works great and uses a 9 volt battery -LRB- included no less -RRB- and not those expensive hard to find ones .
 Easy to use , easy to program , works excellent , has a good size -LRB- could be smaller -RRB- , excellent range .
 Works just fine . Support people were great when I called for assistance . Opener is a bit bulky .
 Was easy to program and works like a champ ! Was a fraction of the price of manufacturer replacement units ! A +
 The device was easy to set up especially if your garage door opener has a learn button . Took less than 5 minutes . I would of given it 5 stars however , the online picture is deceptive . The device is kinda of big and bulky . I suggestion you see the size specifications before purchasing .
 I bought the Clicker as an extra garage door opener for the car.It was easy to set up with the Sears opener and works just great.The only minor complaint is it 's large size with two small buttons to push.The price was fair , I would recommend the Clicker .
 The remote control works as advertised -- no complaints there . The only difficulty was in programming the device to work with my older style Stanley garage door opener . It took quite a bit of detective work to figure out the codes needed to get it up and running . Better diagrams on the instruction sheet would have been helpful .
 I needed a new remote control for two very , very old Sears garage-door openers . I tried one of these . It was very easy to program ; and it worked on both doors , the first time I tried it out . The only `` problem '' was that I had to also re-program the two garage-door openers to match the remote 's programming criteria . The whole job took 15 minutes . Buy it !
 I use this remote to open the gate to my housing development . It sends a good signal from a reasonable distance so it is more than a garage door opener It is compatible with a large list of openers including gates I 'm sure . It has a nice heft and hand feel . I actually own two of them since the old one I have has worked flawlessly for a number of years and battery life is excellent . Follow the instructions carefully when programming it -- it has little dip switches set to on/off to program the signal code . There is a little button sequence to lock it in . I kept running back and forth to the gate on a cold night in frustration until I read the part about locking the code in and became a math/engineering genius . If I can do it -- Mr. Impatient -- you can program it too .
 When we moved into an apartment with an electric garage door , I was in heaven . The garage door opener has to be one of the great labor saving inventions of the 20th century . Heaven quickly turned to hell , however , when both my wife and I needed the remote . You ca n't open the garage from the outside without one , obviously.Enter the Clicker . This palm-sized gadget smoothly configured itself for my machine ; it 's simply a matter of reading the instructions and telling the opener to broadcast its code -LRB- hint to those who posted negative reviews -- check the website for your model prior to purchase -RRB- . From that point on it worked perfectly . It 's small enough to carry on a bike or clipped to the baby stroller , though not quite small enough to keep in your pocket.We never have used the second button , but it 's capable of programming two different doors , which might be useful to those with multiple abodes or two separate machines in one garage.When we finally bought our own house , the Clicker moved with us and adapted itself smoothly to the new door . I have not changed the battery in over two years of daily use and I would recommend this unit . In fact , I 'm ordering a second one because we just got another car !
 Works great with 1/2 the price of Sears Craftsmen remoteChamberlain Clicker Universal Garage Door Opener Remote Control #CLT 1D
 For several years I owned a car with a built-in remote opener , so when I traded the car in for a newer model I did n't even realize at the time the mess I 'd be in . I had no idea where the old remote garage opener were!This little gadget was a lifesaver - instructions were a tad hard for a 65 year old bird with no technical experience , but I reason , if I could figure it out ANYONE can . The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because of the size and color - would love to see Chamberlain move it down considerably and change the color to something more modern . It also does not have as long a range distance as the built-in remote , but it 's way better than running in and out of the garage or getting drenched by snow or rain .
 Not hard to program and works well . Origional remote is not needed to program .
 Works great so far for 9 months . I installed it in 5 minutes ! Very easy instructions . Most importantly to know which garage door opener you have to pair it with the opener .
 This was a unique experience for me . A lot of things do not work as promised . The clicker , however , worked just as promised and took about 10 minutes from start to finish to have a working remote opener . Very simple instructions and easy to follow . The clicker was less than half price of a Sears replacement opener and the Sears replacement did not work , even though the door is a Craftsman and the Sears salesperson sold me the replacement opener .
 We 'd lost all the remotes but one , and I was looking for something inexpensive enough to outfit three vehicles . This devise did the trick . The instructions are easy to follow , but need to be read all the way through before starting . They tell you how to identify your opener and how to program the remote for each type . I plan to purchase a couple more as backups .
 Funny thing , it didnt work the first time . But a couple of times , reversing the switches between on and off and selecting the button to work with , it started to work.It is a simple product to work with , give yourself half an hour though for trial and error . The instructions that accompany have been written ina hurry . The comments here were actually more helpful .
 It took be about ten minutes to get it working . You set the first 4x dip swicth to match the brand name . Then , simply match the 8X DIP switch settings inside the CLT1D to the DIP switch settings on your garage-door opener . I did this and it initially did not work . Then , I reversed the 8 switches inside the CLT1D -LRB- as recommended in the instructions -RRB- and , lo and behold , it worked fine ! The range is pretty good too - I tried it from 40 feet away and it worked fine . I am pleased with this purchase .
 I bought two of these clickers to replace two very old remotes for Stanley chain-drive garage door openers . I liked the fact that I could operate 2 doors with a single remote , something I could n't do with the original Stanley remotes . It was uber-simple to program and comes with easy to use instructions . The only issue , which has nothing to do with the clicker , is what different manufacturers call `` on '' and `` off '' for the DIP switches . I guessed wrong and had a spend an extra 10 seconds to flip the switches the other way.The end result - 5 minutes after I opened the packages , I had two new remotes , each opening and closing 2 garage doors with no problems .
 This extender works exactly as touted , and was super simple to install . I was skeptical after reading the other reviews , but installed it on our existing chime , set the sensitivity stronger to max - then had to back that off quite a bit because it would go off with loud noises -LRB- like cheers for a football game -RRB- . At the current setting , it goes off every time the door chime sounds , and only then . We are 100 % satisfied .
 I am puzzled by all the negative reviews for this item , since I have had great luck with these at my home -LRB- kitchen with extra set going to garage -RRB- and my sister 's home -LRB- back of house and upstairs bedroom with two receivers -RRB- . Infrequently , we do get the extensions going off without the doorbell ringing , but not very often . Just bought a set for my in-laws , too .
 Not sure of the bad reviews here ... I just replaced an old one that lasted 8 years . It travels to our detached garage apartment through brick at least 75 feet . I tried the Thomas & Betts RC3030D Extend-A-Chime first -LRB- because of the good reviews -RRB- and it did not work that far and also needed the main door bell button to be held in for 1/2 second to activate extender .
 Super simple to set up , works great . I can now hear our doorbell in our basement .
 I had a little difficulty finding a place in the house where the receiver could `` see '' the transmitter . Also , the microphone sensitivity had to be increased to `` hear '' the existing door bell properly . Once all that was worked out after a bit of trial and error , the unit has been working just fine .
 We have an acre of land , and when we were out on the patio or in the vineyard we could n't hear the doorbell ring . I bought one of these 10 years ago and plugged it in outside on the patio and it worked fine until last week , when it died . New batteries in the transmitter did not activate the outside unit . De mortuis.I used two-sided foam tape to put the transmitter on top of our `` ding-dong '' doorbell chime , and it worked fine . The transmitter needed batteries every 3-4 years or so . The only downside was when the cleaners vacuumed the hall where the sender was with our loud vacuum , the sender would think the doorbell was ringing and activate the remote bell.I will purchase another one of these based on my experience with the unit .
 Works great ! A definate buy for those who want a doorbell chime without doing the wireing ! Great product and easy to use !
 We use the 40 tooth blades on our table saws for most ripping and the 72 tooth for our sliders . They last as long as any other blades we have used and the prices are very low . You ca n't beat the quality or price ! We are trim carpenters and a quality blade is important to us daily .
 great blade-bought a diablo 80 tooth and for twice the price and half the performance of the Hitachi .
 A very strong and well-cut blade . Precise laser technology has designed this blade to be very sharp and durable . My complaint is not with the blade , but with Amazon . I ordered this blade using a new CC and was told purchase was denied and asked to re-order . I re-ordered and was sent 2 blades . I sent one blade back to the seller and had to pay almost twice the original shipping cost . Called Amazon and only got a $ 7.00 credit off my next shipping purchase . Bad purchase . Never again
 Item was as expected.THere was a price reduction of fifty dollars through Amazon . -LRB- As opposed to going to the dealers own site -RRB- .
 Had to futz with one of the 2 I ordered . Good shipping box . Nice , simple clean lines . No surprises . Some fluorescents are problematic . Just get the right bulb . Pleasing light .
 The lamp is beautiful and a great price . Just be aware that the measurements listed on the site are to the outside edges of each piece of wood so the lamp is a little smaller than the picture suggests .
 As a humane person I found this product to be the most remarkable trap . I knew I had a mouse in my garage but could n't catch him with other traps so I invested in this product . The next morning I woke up and there the little mouse was , safe and sound in the trap . He looked kinda fat because of all the peanut butter I was luring him with the other traps . It was a guilt free experience to bring him to a field and release him . After all he is not called a garage mouse he is called a field mouse . I reccomend this to all those who choose to safely trap and release . This trap is well made and does the trick .
 If you are using this to capture the common grey squirrel you should know that this trap is probably not big enough . I ended up purchasing the next size up -LRB- model # 1030 -RRB- which worked great - four stars . The box for this product -LRB- # 1025 -RRB- says `` For red and flying squirrels , weasels and chipmunks '' . That was n't clear to me when I bought it at the Amazon website .
 I bought this to try to trap a pet rat who was thought to have escaped in the basement . It was smaller than I 'd expected considering it 's supposed to be large enough for squirrels -LRB- though the box actually says RED squirrels , not gray squirrels , which is what I was assuming -RRB- . I tried it to see if it would work on one of my other pet rats before setting it for the escapee . It did work very well , and he luckily was n't hurt , but if his tail had n't been off to the side , it would have been whacked pretty good by the closing door . I 'd worry about injuring the tail of any animal rat sized or larger . If you 're looking to catch something that size , try the next size up for safety.I love Havahart traps and highly recommend them , just be sure to get the appropriate size .
 Caught 17 chipmunks and 3 other critters in about a three-four day period with this trap . It works .
 My husband was very excited to get this trap , the doors work efficiently and we caught about 15 chip munks in the first 36 hours of its use . Other models are inferior , and our local suplliers could n't come through for us .
 Placed trap in middle of rat scat trail and placed some containers along side cage to keep the rats from going around the cage . First catch in three hours . Second catch three days later . If you place it in their normal trail and make it inconvenient for them to get around you probably do n't have to bait the trap.I assume that you are buying the trap because you do n't want to kill the little critters or have a mess and/or smell to get rid of from a dead rat . If that is the case try one or more of the following : If you do n't check the trap regularly or remove them right away when caught and do n't want to kill them from dehydration place a little water in the top of an old margarine cup inside either end of the trap before you set it . You can refill it with a straw , if needed without tripping the doors . Just dip the straw in a glass of water and put your finger on one end and stick it in the cage above the lid and release your finger . Repeat as needed . You can also use an eye dropper but a straw is cheaper.If you do n't have time to move the rat for a day or two , open one door and stick the base of an old margarine tub in the open end . You can place a little food in there also . This gives the rat a place to hide and helps keep it calm while they are waiting to be released , not that they know what 's awaiting them ! Do n't forget to close the door with the latch back in place.Note
 I found this trap in my basement when my friend was telling me about her trap , so I decided to try it out . Well , 10 years in a basement that has been flooded numerous times and it is not rusty and still works perfectly ! So far I have caught a mouse , a chipmunk , and 2 squirrels . -LRB- It is n't too small for squirrels -RRB- Any bait will work , whether its plain peanut butter , a PB cracker , or an apple with peanut butter and raisins . It is metal on the top so rain wo n't damage the bait . It is very sensitive which is good . I caught a mouse that only weighed a few ounces and it still shut tight . In short , this is a very good trap for squirrels and other small yard pests .
 I bought these to trap rats , but stopped using them it I accidentally trapped a bird ! The bird was fine by the way . I ca n't verify that it actually would catch a rat , but if it 's birds you 're after ...
 I used this trap to trap a small red squirrel that was loose in my garage . Put a few peanuts toward the back of the trap and checked about an hour late and found my little trapped squirrel . Easy to set up and easy to release the trapped animal .
 It works like a charm . Make sure you are around when you set it because the squirrel will do its best to get out and you do n't want it suffering .
 Overall the trap is easy to understand but the trigger mechanism can be a bit touchy . I did get the chipmunk I was after and it kept it live and I released it easily .
 I should start by saying we are having a rat pandemic in my neighborhood . So after having no luck with disposable traps . Finding them picked clean and no dead rats . I decided to try another route . This trap took practice but worked effectively after being fine tuned . i found you do have to pay attention to were the trigger rod is placed because you can make it to strong and the trap wont spring . I have found for rats at least if you get a 2 liter bottle cap drill 2 holes in it and zip tie it to the pan fill the cap with peanut butter . this forces the rat to move the pan trying to get ALL the peanut butter . WORKS GREAT WITHPRACTICE just bought another today .
 If you have chipmunks you want to catch , this trap is excellent . However , it is too small if you want to catch squirrels . For chipmunks you really do n't have to bait it -- they will go in there in their own if you put it in the right place . Buy this item if you need to remove chipmunks , it works !
 The trap works quite well . I like the ability to have it open on both ends or one end only . Its built quite sturdy yet quite light and easy to handle . Moved 23 of these `` cute rats '' out in about one month . It took some tweaking to get it to work though . After watching how the squirrels were getting away it was pretty clear . First only open one end of the trap when setting it . Place the bait at the closed end AND most importantly place a 1 or 2 pound rock on the flap of the open end . Because of the weight of the rock its also important to set the `` trigger ' about half-way tripped . Squirrels are pretty wary and stretch out when entering the trap . They leave part of their body blocking the door from closing and locking shut . With the tweaking I hit about 95 % . If you have a squirrel problem it likely wo n't go away and trapping will only slow it down . The best bet is to have nothing for them to eat and any nests that appear should be destroyed immediately . These are extremely destructive creatures .
 I spread peanut butter on the plate and then sprinkle bird seed on it letting some bounce around . The chipmunks start eating the seeds and trip the doors closed when they reach the peanut butter . Our issue was the chipmunks raiding our birdfeeders . We place the trap along the `` chipmunk highway '' and it is successful at least 50 % of the time -LRB- vibrations and wind trip it -RRB- . They have never gotten away with just stealing the food . Now my only issue is having to drive them to their new home . Setting it is a bit tricky because of the quick release , but given how fast the chippies are , it has to be .
 this trap is smaller than i thought and the squirrels are very smart too its use . . i must figure out a way to fix the trigger to allow the animals to enter all the way in without first setting it off ... the wood block the directions tell you to do did not work on my squirrels.i should of bought the next size up . . i will win the war though ...
 Trap works as advertised ; simple to bait and set . Animals are not harmed when they are trapped . The trigger device is sensitive , but not too sensitive to close automatically .
 I caught 10 animals the first 2 days - red squirrels , chipmunks and young fox squirrels . At first , adult fox squirrels would enter the trap , but their entire tail would be outside the trap when it closed , so they were able to back out . Now they do n't even approach the trap anymore . This is a good trap , but I 've ordered a larger one to handle the big guys .
 came as advertised , works as advertised , would purchase again or similar item as i live in a rural area and use it for pest control .
 The trap worked perfectly ... caught 6 chipmonks in 3 days . . let them all go in the woods about 1/2 mile away . I used to have the Have-a-heart when I was a kid , 50 years ago . They still work GREAT
 Tricky to set up the first time . Wish they had a close up of how to set the trap . you line up the end of the wire to the end of the other wire and the tension of them against each other holds the trap.Once you figure it out it works great .
 A great trap . I have had it for about a month and have moved 4 chipmunks from my property to a nearby rock quarry .
 have caught 8 chipmunks and 10 red squirrels . The chipmunks were the problem as they were digging under a brick walk and have caved it in three times . This is a serious problem as my wife can not see the bricks that have caved in .
 For about a year now we 're had squirrel problems . They 've been chewing on the corners and sides of our roof just for the heck of it ; wearing down their teeth I have read . They have easily caused $ 1,000 damage to our house . We 've tried various different tactics to get rid of these evil little animals , but nothing has worked . I bought this trap last week and caught my first squirrel this morning ! It works great and there 's no way they can get out once trapped inside . The peanuts I used to catch it turned out to be his last meal . He and the trap went swimming in my rain barrel and that was that . I know it sounds cruel but I ca n't take it anymore and I 'm done being nice . The trap is now reset and we are ready to catch squirrel # 2 .
 It works . It 's small and compact bring enough for a squirrel.Good humane trap to tranport those critters away ...
 The trap worked like a charm . It took me a while to figure out the best way to set it -- I set it on a ledge and when the squirrel was trapped he managed to drop the trap from the ledge and escape . Lucky they do n't have great memories so I set it again , more securely , I caught my problem squirrel no problem and took him to the woods . I highly recommend this product !
 very satisfied w/Havaheart 1025 Two Door cage for Squirrels 17.5 x 5.25 x 7.25 - sturdy , easy to use & it works . Since our cat passed , I use the trap to catch between 15-20 chipmonks a summer . Only complaint . wish the holes on the spring plate were a little larger . I screw unshelled peanuts into holes & alot of them just crumble because hole is too small for normal peanut -LRB- half peanut -RRB- . This extra resistance helps in releasing spring plate .
 Much better than the more inexpensive models on the market . Sturdier ; keeps squirrels and chipmonks inside with no moving parts to chew on.Does not flex or need constant alignment to keep in working order .
 I opened the box , cut a piece of apple and set the trap on my retaining wall . In less than 15 minutes I got my first chipmunk . My indoor cats were very inquisitive so I let them watch the critter for a few minutes and then took him a mile away and set him free.This is an easy trap to bait and set .
 JUST MAKE SURE YOU LET THE GUY GO AND FORGET ABOUT HIM . ALSO DO N'T PUT IT WHERE BIRDS MIGHT GO IN LIKE BLUEJAYS WHO WANT TO GET AT THE PEANUTS THE TRAP WILL FRIGHTEN THEM AND THEY WILL DIE INSIDE . I LEAVE A SMALL CAP OF WATER INSIDE SO THE LITTLE RATS CAN CALM DOWN TIL MORNING BEFORE I TAKE THEM TO THE POND A FEW MILES DOWN THE ROAD .
 I have caught many live birds in the cage , it is unfortunate the rates were too smart . I had to resort to poison ; - -LRB-
 For the price this is the best on the market . I love how strong it is and its made very well . Check out my videos on Whocanfixthis.com .
 I caught two squirrels in my attic with this -LRB- not at the same time -RRB- . For larger rodents , leave one end closed and put the bait at the closed end . I 'm not sure how well it will work for the largest squirrels . The two in my attic were probably medium sized . I used almonds and walnuts for bait . It did n't take long to catch them .
 Easy to set , basic no nonsense trap . I ordered 3 because catching the pests one at a time did n't seem to affect the population .
 We had a squirrel move into our attic . This was the perfect non-lethal solution to moving him out . My husband baited it with peanut butter , and within a week , the little guy was trapped and moved out to the local forest preserve . When you are ready to transport it is helpful to be able to put the trap in a rubbermaid or something that is easlily cleaned as they tend to pee . COvering the trap with a blanket also helped to calm the animal.This has a more sensitive mechanism than the standard mouse trap and worked perfectly for us .
 I had squirrels in my attic and got this to get rid of them . I put it near the tree where they would come down from the house . I use bread smeared with peanut butter to stick it to the trip plate to help assure it goes off.After catching the first dozen -LRB- only maybe 3 were from my house -RRB- I was afraid they were returning from my drop off spot about 2 miles away -LSB- Nice wooded area with a large pond -RSB- . I started spray painting spots on their tails to be sure they were n't being territorial and returning . None have come back.I have now caught 26 and think I have cleared my entire neighborhood of gray squirrels . When I started would catch one per hour , now I leave it for days with nothing and have n't seen any around lately .
 A little bit of advice for folks that are finding the bait gone but the trap was not tripped . If you are using peanut butter put a small amount on top of the bait pan and then smear some on the underside of the pan . The animal will more than likely try to manipulate the pan to reach the peanut butter on the bottom side and the chance of triggering the trap will be greatly increased . This works for those traps that people find less `` sensitive '' as well . Good Luck !
 In my experience , once the animal is in your home there is only one way to get it out and that is to catch it . They are extremely persistent . I could not sleep at night and destroyed their nest , but they kept coming back.These are all the things I tried .1 . Predator urine repellent - did nothing at all .2 . Loud high pitched sounds that only animals can hear - They left when they heard this , but came back and ultimately had no effect .3 . Cut down tree branch to roof - They climbed up the chimney .4 . Found where they were getting in and patched the hole - They created a hole somewhere else.The worst thing for me was patching the hole , then they got into the walls and started ripping apart the walls . I ended up unpatching my original hole so they could get back into the attic where I could set the trap.This trap is great . Within 24 hours I caught a squirrel . I used real peanut butter -LRB- that has oil in it -RRB- on both sides of a cracker . It has a strong scent and it sticks to the pan . I recommend testing the trap several times so you know how it works . It is not obvious just by looking at it . Make sure both locks are flipped up so when the doors fall it locks .
 When I first took this trap out of the box , I found it a little confusing -LRB- even with instructions -RRB- to figure out which bars went where to properly set the trap . I found I had to bend the bars connected to the trap doors outward slightly so that the bar connected to the trigger plate could pass by -LRB- between the other bars and the cage itself -RRB- when the trigger plate was tipped to the right . Once I 'd done so , it became much clearer how the trap was supposed to work . Now that the trap is in working order , I 've caught two baby squirrels so far with nothing but some walnuts and a few pieces of cereal.Pros : - Seems to catch squirrels pretty well ; even lightweight ones seem to trip the trigger plate just fine , and I 'm not even using any sticky bait . - MY FAVORITE
 We were tired of our pecan trees being stripped bare before the fruit ripened . We were also sad to see our poor wild birds look for their food only to find it had been greedily consumed by squirrels . The Havahart trap is a wonderful compromise for our furried and feathered friends . We 've given up counting the number of squirrels we have `` relocated '' with the help of the trap . Some days we 'll catch up to ten of the little rascals . Our Black Labrador loves to accompany my husband when the squirrels are eventually `` liberated '' . This product is so good that I 'm ordering another one today !
 We are very happy with the results after a few days of using the Havahart 1025 Two Door Cage Trap . We wanted to capture a rat that was living in our shrubs and feasting on dog food next door . We tried peanut butter the first night with no results . The next night we substituted the peanut butter with Gorgonzola cheese , and our unwanted tenant sprung the trap while we were reading the Sunday paper . I put the trap in the Amazon box and let the varmint loose in a rice paddy several miles out of town.Setting the trap is extremely simple . It is not necessary to bend , twist or otherwise modify the trap as suggested by other reviewers . The instructions that come with the trap make the process seem more complicated than it is . They refer to various parts without diagramming which parts are which , and are helpful only after a round of trial-and-error . The illustration that shows how the levers should look when the trap is set is most helpful.Contrary to some of the other reviewer 's comments about the doors
 I had a chipmunk trapped on my enclosed porch . I smeared about 1/4 tsp peanut butter and some black sunflower seeds from the birdseed bag on the little toggle tray . Next morning , I woke up and heard the cage rattling ; there the little fella was - ready to be released into the yard . PERFECT !!
 I had to bend the wires a bit to make it work and it was frustrating at first but now it works . I did have to put a heavy rock on top of the trap . I am not sure if it was a rat or something bigger but it must have gotten caught and jumped around enough to turn the cage and release itself . I put dry catfood , deli turkey , pumpkin seeds and craisins in a little bowl made of aluminum foil . Also , to make it harder for the rat to swipe without setting off the trap , I ducktape the bowl to the middle trigger plate . Please remember to check this every 8 hours or so as the rat does not have food/water , so you can release it quickly , far from your house .
 Great trap for chipmunks -- caught 2 in the first day . We have a larger version of this trap for groundhogs and it works very well too . We did catch a bird also , but the chipmunks are gone and no more damage by them ! Recommend trap highly !
 I played around with different kinds of bait , but once I switched to fresh apple slices I started catching chipmunks like crazy . I 'll catch multiple chipmunks in a day . I do recommend that you do keep the arms that hold the doors open well lubricated otherwise they can get stuck .
 The Havahart 1025 Live animal trap is so much better then your competitor . Built so much sturdier . We have already caught pesty chipmunks from around the house . They are easy to set and release . I had to go on line to find this one , as we had purchased your competitor and was very disappointed with it , it was very cheeply made . We are very pleased and satified with the Havahart 1025 Live Trap . We gave it a 5 star rate .
 I have an epidemic of chipmunks in my yard , causing me no end of problems . I 've had a one of the 1025s for a while , and it works great , but wanted a couple more traps to cut down the population . So , I bought another 1025 and also a `` Havahart 0745 Live Animal Professional Style Trap '' . Since it 's advertised as a chipmunk trap , whereas the 1025 is advertised as a squirrel trap , I wanted to compare them . I 've used the two side-by-side , and can tell you , that chipmunks prefer the 1025 by at least 5-1 . They like the 1025 so much , I 've occasionally left it out overnight without bait , and found a chippie inside in the morning.I 've caught squirrels in this too , they apparently like peanut butter as much as the chippies do . But usually the chippies get to the bait first . If you have chipmunks , this is hands-down the best trap I 've found .
 I bougth this item from Amazon and placed it right next to the house foundation , the house has a 2x6 lying on its side which creates a tunnel for the little critters . I got sick and tire of finding the Chipmunk poop al over my patio and they would even use my grill as safe house to eat their nuts . I placed the trap at the end of the 2x6 , it looks like a continuation of the `` tunnel '' . I 've caught 14 so far . It 's been 2 days with no more chipmunks . . I think I got the entire family . Additionally , I did not have to place any bait in the trap . Now that the catch rate has decreased , I may place some bait to entice those that still roam around my backyard . Do n't worry . . all the chipmunks have been relocated .
 Great trap ! We 've caught two squirrels so far . Caveat
 My yard is like a menagerie of wild animals . So many birds we ca n't feed them all , squirrels , ducks , snapping turtles , humming birds but the ones I trap and get rid of are the chipmunks . They dig everyplace and can do substantial damage if they get out of control.I trap them with this Havahart cage and take them to a very large park about 10 miles away . I see this as the humane way of taking care of these critters . I use a slice of apple tied to the trip plate and it works fine and last for several days if they do n't come around . Every once in a while I would catch a baby squirrel and let it go or maybe even a bird.I have used two of these cages and the first one worked flawlessly . On the second one the trip setting lever was not bent properly out of the box and I had to re-align it to get it to trip easily and not jam partially open . The second one is definitely more difficult to set.Last spring I caught 6 chipmunks in one day ! This cage is much too small to catch full size squirrels as the door only closes on their tail and will not lock and the squirrels are very strong and able to escape.Funny story , we went to the park to drop off a chipmunk and we always park in the same spot . Three chipmunks ran up to the truck like they wanted to get in and my wife said that they just wanted a ride home . Too bad fellows !
 That will teach you squirrels to mess with our fruit trees ! We like that we can trap them and relocate them to a wilderness area to live out their happy little lives . We bought some of the spring traps but thought better ; they are way to scary in an urban setting .
 One of my neighbors had his car ignition wires chewed by our little mischievous neighborhood chipmunk costing over $ 500 to repair the damage . We are fearing this little rodent -LRB- and offspring -RRB- will be wanting to make our walls into their family room . Come spring I am hoping to sign Chippy up for the Chipmunk Protection Program but wanted to do it with a humane trap .
 Worked for us . We had the little red squirrels in our attic . I had no problem setting the trap or catching the little buggers . We just placed a few almonds on the bait plate . It makes a pretty loud sound when it slams closed , which was helpful since I knew right away when we 'd caught one . We 'd let our dogs sniff the cage and the squirrel would just go crazy , and I stupidly thought the creature would be sufficiently traumatized by the whole experience to stay away from our house , and I just released them outside . Yeah , that was dumb of me . They just came back ; at least , I think it was the same ones . I thought about spraypainting their tails to tell if it was the same ones , but I was afraid of accidentally spraying it into their eyes if they jumped around -LRB- they 're awfully fast , after all ! -RRB- After releasing 2 or 3 near the house , we wised up and started driving them away to be released . I was nervous that they would escape while in the car , but the trap stayed securely closed , and it 's easy to release them .
 Have used these traps successfully in the past but not sure how far away I need to take these wild critters before releasing them . Skunks pose a challenge .
 My first post ever , but thought this was worth sharing . I replaced a window over the summer and neglected to replace a board went behind the fascia and above the window . My dumb mistake , because a few gray squirrels found a nice place to nest behind the wall in my house for the winter . After seeing a squirrel come out of the opening , I decided I better replace the board so it could n't get back in again . An hour later , I saw two gray squirrels on my ladder looking for a way to get back in , but of course they could not now . However , the next day I was outside looking in around the same window area and saw a squirrel on the inside !! So , I must have missed one ! I ran in the house , and she ran up the wall into an opening in the ceiling where I had some drywall removed . So , I ran out to the store to buy a live trap , -LRB- there 's no way I am going to harm a squirrel -RRB- and came home with the 1092 model . I read that the 1084 model was better sized for gray squirrels and this one may be a little too small . I set it up and went to check about an hour later , I see her in the window again looking for a way out . So , I ran back inside and up she went into the ceiling again . This time , I opened the window up about 4 inches -LRB- this was in the middle of winter and 10 degrees out in Michigan , but oh well -RRB- . I patiently watched the window from the outside and waited for her to come out and about an hour later ... bingo . She went up on the window sill , then came out and inspected what happened to the outside opening that I covered up . After the coast was clear , I ran over and closed the window and that was it ! A few minutes later , I saw all three gray squirrels reunite in a tree in the backyard and were crawling all over each other , happy to be back together . It was awesome . So , I did n't end up using a trap afterall . Just thought that I 'd share with you a super happy moment.P.S . - Catching and releasing these guys is a great idea , they are really fascinating and gentle little animals . I suggest finding out where they are getting in and closing up the opening -LRB- if that 's the issue -RRB- . Then , you can just let them out where the came from . I love having them around the yard.Bill
 Arrived on time , was just as described . Has n't caught my squirrel yet though , but that 's not your fault . He 's a sneaky little booger .
 In contrast to many commenters here , I decided to purchase this trap primarily for pragmatic , not humane , reasons . I was growing desperate in my attempts to get rid of a rat that had settled in my apartment and already inflicted some damage on its walls . Havahart trap was not - by any means - the first thing I tried . The rat had successfully gotten out of a glue trap and released the trigger in two Victor snap traps -LRB- and both times escaped unharmed after eating the bait -RRB- . I was seriously considering using poison , despite the fact that if she -LRB- the rat -RRB- happened to die inside the walls of my apartment , the stench would have been more unbearable then the inconvenience of sharing my place with an unwanted tenant . However , I sort of came to respect my enemy for her intellect . After some searching , I found this non-lethal contraption on Amazon and decided to give it a try . For about a week , I used the trap as a feeder , by deactivating the trigger mechanism with scotch tape and placing a small dish of peanut butter on the trigger platform . The bait disappeared every time I left my apartment . Finally , I removed the scotch tape and waited outside for a few hours . When I returned , the rat was in the cage , obviously in a bad mood , but at least alive . After showing her to my 5-year old daughter -LRB- where else would a child get to see such a fine wild specimen of Rattus rattus ? -RRB- , I released the rat in the woods , reasonably far from human habitat . I hope it never comes to this again , but should another rat invade my place , I have the trap and the experience to get rid of it . To summarize
 Havahart 1025 Two-Door 18 x 5 x 5-Inch Cage Trap for SquirrelsWe had an issue with pocket gophers taking out a Sago palm tree and a variety of plants in our back yard . During the past 2 weeks , we have successfully used this Havahart 1025 model cage trap with 18x5x5 dimensions.We have caught :1 . 6 pocket gophers2 . 1 large Norway rat3 . 1 rabbitWe are careful to always wear gloves.We bait the trap with a single , regular size Granny Smith apple cut into 3 pieces . They ca n't resist the apple smell . We have also tried successfully applying peanut butter to the apple pieces.We keep only one side of the cage open and put the apple pieces to the back . We have set the cage on the edge of the grass in our back yard facing the plantings.We were surprised at how well this cage has worked . We did not have much luck with a larger version of this cage in prior years .
 I 'm looking to eliminate pack rats from my back yard . So far , I have `` caught '' two . The first one remained captured for a couple of hours - it was the middle of the night , so I could not take care of it right away . I could hear it from my bed as it kept running back and forth over the tray , looking for a way out . By morning , it had escaped - the doors were still locked so I assume it squeezed out of the corner where the door comes down . I understand that rats can squeeze through a hole the size of a nickel , so that is apparently what happened.I then used pliers to bend the four lower corners of the two doors inward a bit to decrease the size of those gaps . The next night I caught another rat -LRB- I do n't think this was the same one -RRB- , and this time it was still there in the morning . Tonight I will set it for the original rat again , as I need to get her to stop nesting in my gas grill.Cheese as bait has worked fine so far . Releasing the captured rat was pretty easy , a few miles away .
 We had an issue with a family of rats living under our house . After doing some research and not wanting to harm the rats , I bought this trap . It is the perfect size for the rats and easy to set . A dab of Peanut Butter and the first night we caught our first rat . We then relocated it to the hills next to a lake . The next three nights we caught rats until non were left under the house . This trap works great ! I highly recommend .
 There 's not a lot to say about this little trap other than to say it does everything exactly as it 's supposed to do . It 's very simple to use and it 's easy to take whatever critter you may catch for a long ride so they ca n't find their way back to your house . i now own three of various sizes and use them without reservation , including catching a couple skunks . I was very worried at first but I picked them up by the end of the trap . I strapped them in the back of my pickup holding them up on end and they they did n't spray . I opened the trap and they were more interested in getting out than spraying . No problems !!
 I tried several times setting this trap using peanut butter and goring my head on an attic nail trying to place the trap near the attic noise , which sounded like cables being quickly dragged over the ceiling . I luckily found something that works much better and is much easier.I set trap to the one door mode - using only the bar with curve on it to set trap as indicated in directions . It is easier to set that way , and you can make the rascal run over the bait pan to get to the bait , rather than eating it without tripping the trap . For bait , I use pitted dates.Dates are much easier than peanut butter . You can easily toss one into the far side of the trap so they have to trip the trap to get it . Also , no mess to clean . If they do n't eat it you can dump it out easy . The roof rats or fruit rats ? or mice that I am catching really like the dates . I can leave the trap at the attic door and they come to it , usually within an hour.To my surprise I caught 7 in the first 24 hours of using this method . Noise in attic is gone , so I am hoping this exercise is almost over.I rate this item 5 stars because for the price it works great . Trying to set both doors open did n't work so well , but at least the single door option was available .
 If you want to trap a rat humanely , the Havahart 1025 is your answer . I received the trap on one day , set it with Virginia roasted peanuts -LRB- wrapped in heavy duty aluminium foil -RRB- for bait that night , and had a nice sized rat in the trap by morning . Problem solved . Absolutely worth the investment .
 Very pleased with this trap . Great size for rats . 3 rats in 3 nights . I also bought a # 1020 but found it a little small .
 I have had this product for about a month now and so far , I 've caught 3 chipmunks . However , it 's worth noting that more often than not -LRB- until my modification -RRB- , the trap was closed , treat was gone and no chipmunks were inside . Though the bait tray is sensitive , a chipmunk can easily get a treat off it and walk out of the trap without it being deployed . Happened to me several times . One time I set the trap on some mulch and the chipmunk dug at the treat from below , again evading the trap.The tip someone posted about smearing peanut butter on the bait tray itself is a good one . However , it 's messy and if left out too long , will attract ants . What I did was take a clamp I used for my pet birds and secure it to the inside of the trap near the bait tray . I clip a little graham cracker with some peanut butter on it - that way , the chipmunk almost has to step on the bait tray and/or struggle a little to get the treat , therefor triggering the trap . He ca n't just grab the treat and go , he has to either sit there for awhile eating it , or pull it off the clamp , either way increasing the likelihood that the trap will deploy.For the price , I feel this is a good product , though I really wish there was a way to secure the treat to the bait tray . It would definitely increase the chances of catching a chipmunk . Setting it up is fairly easy , though not totally intuitive in setting the trap itself . Nice thing is reusable , portable and not messy.Oh , and I doubt a squirrel could fit into this thing ! It does seem big enough to catch a squirrel.Overall , a good value for those of us who do n't yet have the nerve to kill the little buggers . ; -RRB-
 I thought I just had a ground squirrel or two eating my plants ... I received this trap on Monday . Caught one squirrel Monday night , two squirrels Tuesday , four on Wednesday . Today I am told there was one squirrel in the trap and eight more trying to spring their comrade -LRB- trying to dig him out -RRB- . Apparently my property is paradise on Earth for the Antelope Ground Squirrel.I wo n't be buying any more of these traps -LRB- I do n't have the time to move 10,000 ground squirrels -RRB- , but it is very effective . While it looks awful , I think we 'll be putting a layer of chicken wire or hardware netting on the bottom half of our 4-foot wire fence . Then we 'll use this trap on a case-by-case basis.By the way , Antelope Ground Squirrels like peanut butter , green and red grapes , corn and Ritz crackers .
 I 've had success using this trap . After 3 young squirrels fell through my bedroom ceiling it was apparent I had a squirrel issue . I acquired 2 of these-one for the ceiling , one for the back yard -LRB- to catch anything before it gets to the house -RRB- . Caught another in the ceiling last winter and just a couple of days ago-caught another in the backyard that I noticed prowling around . I release them to a park area that actually has a squirrel/chipmunk viewing space.Bit of advice-when setting this trap leave the door down and locked that is controlled by the straight lever . Then place the bait right inside next to the closed door . The squirrel then has only one entry point and has to traverse the bait plate to get to the actual bait . This works much better than baiting the bait plate and leaving both doors open.Anything caught will be very testy during transport and keeping the trap right side up is a must or the locking mechanism will release .
 A neighbor recommended this & lent me his . We wanted to get rid of a squirrel in our basement asap . He showed me how to use it-I 've read other reviews that the directions are a bit confusing , and I can see how that could be . He told me to use peanut butter and to smear most of the peanut butter UNDER the tray , so the squirrel would play with/manipulate that more . I went out for 1.5 hours and when I came home , the squirrel was already trapped.I carried it up 1 flight of stairs and out to my car with no problem . I was worried that the squirrel might bite me , or that the door would swing open mid-air . But , I took my time and kept it steady and horizontal , and there was no problem . I released it in a park about 2.5 miles & over a river from me -- I had read that squirrels have a great ability to find their way home , even over a distance of 5-7 miles.From talking to people over the past 16 hours , it seems that this is a rather common problem . So , I 'm ordering a trap now to have at the ready next time -LRB- although I hope there is n't a next time ! -RRB- One more tip
 The Havahart 1025 trap is the best trap that I have used for catching rats . Just place the trap against a building wall where rats are present . Rats will try to run through it . You do n't need to bait the trap . There is no need to use poison bait and worry about your pets getting into it . The trap catches the rodents alive so if you want to release them somewhere else you can . If you wish to kill the disease carrying pests , you can just put the trap under water for a few minutes . I have found that traps that kill rodents leave a sent that scares other rodents away . This trap is fast and easy to set . The trap will not hurt your pets like some other kinds . The only problem that I have found using this model trap is that mice will spring it too . The spacing of the wire mesh is too wide to keep mice in . You will need the next size smaller trap to catch mice .
 I bought this cage because a rat moved into my house and I could n't bear to kill it . My room-mate on the other hand , did n't care and wanted it dead . I got this because the other trap -LRB- the 1020 -RRB- was too small according to some reviews and a rat could only barely fit in it . I did n't want the rat to get its tail stuck on the trap door as it is closing or for it to feel cramped inside if it got caught . My room-mate went and got the regular snap traps , but the rat proved too smart to get caught in his.The trap is slightly complicated in that you have to use the levers connected to the doors and that connected to the bait mechanism to level the bait mechanism and then fix it into place by placing the door levers ' protruding ends to the end from the bait mechanism . It is a little tricky as there is no bay or fixture for it ; you have to level it and gently leave it in place . Oh , and do n't forget to put the latches above the door into the locked position -LRB- as in the product picture -RRB- otherwise the rat will just push the door open and escape.A very good product and most reviews say the product works . Apparently peanuts are a very good bait to use . Unfortunately my room mate got to the rat before me so I do n't know whether the baits proposed are useful in all cases . After his traps did n't work , he waited for it to come out again and ended the poor thing 's life with the end of a broom .
 I bought this trap to control the chipmonks around the house . I bought the trap late in the season , and now the chipmonks are hibernating . I did catch one chipmonk using peanut butter before they disappeard for the season . I drove it 1/2 mile away , and let it go in a nature preserve . I will be using the trap this spring when they show up again.The trap is well built , and is quite sturdy .
 No more chipmunks ! Used tomato and pecan/walnuts for bait . You may have to file the bait tray activator rod tip to make it more sensitive . Try it first .
 Works fine-have caught a number of chipmunks with this trap.I leave only one end open and put cracker with peanut butter in the trap .
 It 's a good trap for humanely capturing and releasing pesky chipmunks that gobble up almost all of our tomatoes . We used it once , capturing the King of the chipmunks . Now we built barricades to the tomatoes that the chipmunks ca n't easily climb.I would recommend the product .
 As others report , setting as 2 door trap a tad tricky and stiff release.It could use better instructions.I did not bother to adjust the release , just used as one door trap with a large bottle cap of peanut butter , corn and whole peanut.Adolescent squirrels in the attic remaining after soffit repaired.Took 12 hours to catch the first one . We 'll see how it goes.Yes the box says it is for SMALL squirrels , use one of the larger models for adults.As always , YMMV .
 This trap required some fiddling around to get the mechanism to work the way it is supposed to . But , do n't give up , it works well , once you figure out how to make the adjustments .
 recieved in about 2 days ... 4 squirrels down the 1st . wk.peanut butter on bread
 I first purchased this trap 6 years ago when cutting down the branches that allowed some squirrels into the attic did not dissuade them from getting back to their home . I caught and released 2 . More never found their way back into the house . This summer I noticed one getting between the stairs and the house so I trapped him as well . It was very easy . I set the trap with whatever food I had about and stuck it to the trap with a small amount of peanut butter . I used a hammer to pick up the cage and used it again to open the cage to release them . You certainly do n't want to get your hands too close to a trapped squirrel!Another tip
 Well built but had to do some minor bending so small squirrels could n't escape . Good for squirrel/rat . No assembly required . Amazon quick ship . Would recommend .
 Have caught 5 chipmunks in two days but no squirrels.May be a bit small for grey squirrels .
 Love it ! I had to experiment a little with setting the trap . When I had both doors up it seemed it would be much harder to catch them . I started with crackers and PNB and those little buggers just eat them up . Then I closed the second door and put a bunch of shelled peanuts by that closed door . It works like a charm . I have caught 3 squirrel already in 2 days and have probably 4 more to go . Then I transport them in a large open plastic bin , in case they have an accident while in the trap , to a wooded area 2 + miles away . To release them , unlock the trap and tip it to the side . They will be gone within seconds . It certainly was worth the money .
 I purchased 2 of these traps and they work very well ! I was having ` issues ' with the local chipmunks and squirrels and wanted a humane solution to reducing their numbers . Without baiting them , just setting them on the ground , I caught 17 chipmunks and a squirrel in a week . -LRB- I can not believe there are still many more left ! -RRB- All were released back into the wild a mile or so down the road . I did not have the demeanor to dispatch their little lives permanently . Works very well for chipmunks , but for squirrels , they will need to be baited . I just wish the local clan of foxes would do so well ! Very sturdy , well built and should provide many years of service .
 Horrible raccoon problem with them killing my ducks . This is so much better than staying up all night to shoot them , Bait the trap , wake up with a caught critter . Take it from there .
 This trap is great , caught our first little pesky squirrel The first half hour we set it out . Took him for a long ride to the country and it was real easy to release him . We used the one end open method with a bit of peanut butter bread . Also bought the small rodent trap , does not work well at all . There is not enough weight in the trap door for it to close completely .
 This trap works wonderfully well . So far I 've managed to catch rats , mice and a squirrel . I prefer this to some others because it is easy to setup and the release is very quick and easy .
 Length :
 We have bought two of this type of trapping device . Once caught we can take the little `` critters '' out of the city to a nice wooded area for them to chew up . Leaves the eaves of our house intact . Squirrels have been a real problem since the neighbor puts out food for them . Use of this product has resolved the issue.Love this product
 I just caught a good size rat in mine . Now I can sleep without being awakened by that infuriating scurrying or , worse , gnawing.I find spreading peanut butter on the trigger mechanism works great , Anything that they can nibble at or lift off will likely not trip the trigger , no matter how sensitive.This thing really does work . It catches only one at a time , though . I just saw another ad for a `` repeating rat trap '' -LRB- not much larger if any larger than this trap -RRB- that will hold up to 12 rats at a time ! They do n't `` get it '' , apparently , and just keep coming in to the party.But this trap suffices for the odd rodent in the house or walls , once you find out where it will likely travel . The peanut butter smell will lure them in .
 There 's not a lot to say about this little trap other than to say it does everything exactly as it 's supposed to do . It 's very simple to use and it 's easy to take whatever critter you may catch for a long ride so they ca n't find their way back to your house . i now own three of various sizes and use them without reservation , including catching a couple skunks . I was very worried at first but I picked them up by the end of the trap . I strapped them in the back of my pickup holding them up on end and they they did n't spray . I opened the trap and they were more interested in getting out than spraying . No problems !!
 Caught the first 10 gray squirrels last year with my neighbor 's 1025 , then bought the longer 1040 and have caught another 70 . We have a small squirrel problem ! I 'm pretty sure I 'm not just getting repeat offenders because they 're being relocated a long distance . Now we 're starting to get a small native squirrel population established . I immediately let them out of the trap because they are feisty for their size and they chase away the gray squirrels.I 've found a trick that works nearly every time . Do n't mess with the trigger tension as some reviewers have suggested . Just include some bait under the trigger -LRB- bird seed or whatever they 're being attracted to -RRB- . At least with squirrels , they ca n't help but to push their noses under the trigger . I 'll usually see them carefully eat some of the bait off the top of the trigger , but the moment the nose goes under the trigger , down come the doors.Also for the guys with the longer tails , put a couple small stones on the trap doors to make it less likely for them to hold the door open with their tail .
 I use the 1020 and 1025 Havahart traps for rats . Recently got 14 in 6 nights at our ranch . The 1020 works perfect for small rats -LRB- juvies -RRB- and the 1025 works perfect for full sized adults . Occasionally I catch a juvie in the 1025 but for the most part they prefer the 1020 . I 'd HIGHLY recommend getting at least one of eachThese live traps work MUCH MUCH better than Big Vicks !
 Opened the box , took a quick look a the directions , and a few minutes later was in business . Trapping did no harm to the squirrels . Releasing them was a little tricky - they wanted out faster than I could move , but we both jumped in the right directions
 The trap is well-made , easy to operate , etc. . And inexpensive.I 'm just adding a comment that this model was n't quite big enough to contain a full-grown gray squirrel . He just held the door open with his butt while he ate the bait!Trading up ...
 I did n't know which size trap to buy because I did n't know if I had a mouse or a rat . I set the trap the original way with both doors open and my little friend got to eat on me for free . I finally set it with one door open and that night I got my mouse . So yes it does work and holds them there all night long .
 Worked on all the rats we had around . I caught very big ones and very small mouse sized ones . You can set just one side or use both . Make sure you set the lock bar on top , or they can escape .
 Works great for squirrels . I 've had the most luck using a single door -LRB- trap can be used with 1 or 2 doors open -RRB- , and smearing a little peanut butter at the back and bottom of the trigger plate . Putting a little more peanut butter in the doorway also help to entice them into the trap.The instructions were a little unclear about how to set the trap -LRB- reason for 4 stars -RRB- , but the trick is to only have the flat sides of the trigger plate and door rods touching . Do n't try to `` hook '' the rods together . When it 's set it almost appears that it will spring any second , but there is enough pressure between the rods to catch an animal .
 Getting down our Christmas decorations from the attic over Thanksgiving we discovered evidence of something in our attic and ordered this trap . We used aluminum foil to make a tray for food and placed pecans , subflower seeds , cherrios , and cat food in the dish , -LRB- mmm ... yummy -RRB- and voila ! A small squirrel ! Trip to the country ...
 This product really works ! Put some peanut butter and a small apple or chunk of an apple and put it on the center . Chipmunks go right for it and get trapped easily . Caught over 7 of them in about a 2 week period . Great to catch small animals running around your yard . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who has small animal problems .
 Works great!Just put some slivered almonds in the trap , and that 's all there is to it . Works like a charm !
 Very easy to set up and use . Good quality . Set up in shed and caught the squirrel in the first night . Took trap into car to release squirrel far away . Thankfully , put trap on newspapers in car , which caught squirrel 's droppings during transport .
 Better to have purchased a single door trap for squirrels . The trap however is well made as are all havahart traps
 this trap will do it 's job , I 've caught 7 chipmunks so far . just make sure you set the trap according to the instructions provided . product was delivered quickly as well .
 It worked and I have n't used it for over a year ... good to know I have a product that will work when I need it ...
 These Havahart traps are the greatest things since sliced bread . Got this one to catch a juvenile snapping turtle that found its way into my backyard fish pond . I 've used the slightly larger trap for a bigger snapper a while back . Bait it with some cat food in a steel mesh tea ball hooked up over the trip plate - I had the little menace in under 3 hours , unharmed and ready to release at the real lake nearby . It 's easy to set , and it worked fine submerged in about 3 inches of water and on an unlevel surface . Came fully assembled and ready to use . Well worth the money to save my goldfish without hurting the turtle .
 This trap works like a charm . I have captured 18 chipmonks in two weeks ! They were reeking havoc in my yard and beginning to enter my house so I 'm glad to be rid of them .
 These are wonderful traps for chipmunks and squirrels . The sunflower seeds we use as bait occasionally entice birds into them , but the traps are roomy enough the birds are n't injured until I am able to release them back into the yard.We now have three 1025 traps and all three needed tweaking right out of the box . There has been a little interference and hesitation or lack of smoothness in the interplay of the two arms that control the doors . However , adjusting them is intuitive and easy . The second oddity is that all three traps , when set , have the bait tray at an angle which means the sunflower seeds just slide right off onto the ground under the trap . Fixing it is likewise simple , but requires two pliers - one to grasp the tray and supporting wire and the other to twist/bend the end of that support wire , the part that acts as the trip lever . It takes 10 seconds and makes all the difference in presenting the bait.Occasionally I have to tune the tip ends of the two arms that contact one another . Tarnish makes the trip mechanism balky , thus allowing a potential prisoner to eat all the bait and leave . Again , a little steel wool and some silicone spray make it a hair trigger and all is right again.These are well-designed . They 're simply not going to escape until you release them , and your hands are protected when carrying the trap . I 'd suggest following Havahart 's guidance in releasing irate squirrels
 I 've used this for 3 days and caught 3 squirrels on my rooftop deck . Since they are raiding my tomato plants , I used a half of a small ripe tomato as bait along with a few sunflower seeds . They ransack my garden boxes between 5-6 am daily . Of the 3 I trapped , one large male flipped the cage on its side and escaped -LRB- I watched him do it . -RRB- Apparently once the trap is closed , the two end plates depend on gravity to stay latched . This makes releases easier , but as I mentioned , also makes escapes possible . If the door latches were better , I 'd give it 5 stars .
 Great trap , easy to set , and have been catching grey ground squirrels averaging one a day for the past 20 days . Tried peanut butter and nuts but only caught the tree squirrels . So switched to apple slices and strawberries and wammo , started catching the destructive ground squirrels . some days 2 , some days none , some days only one , but have averaged 1 a day . They are easily released by just opening one of the doors . Have been releasing them in the local park where they are fed by the kids at the park . Now we are filling the holes and tunnels in our lawn with rocks and dirt . Great product and well made .
 I have caught 8 rats in 8 days . The rats I have are very smal and I was affraid they would not set of the spring loaded trap . But they do . Would racomend .
 so easy to use ... I set it and five minutes later I have a little fury critter to relocate ... so easy to set too ...
 ive got to say it works perfect.iam up to 65 kills now.little s *** s just keep comming back , too bad for them , ill just keep brakeing there little necks , snap , snap , snap
 Currently Amazon is charging 35-40 bucks for a 5 lb box of these # 10 stainless steel Spax `` deck screws '' . That is a great bargain considering it is probably the highest quality screw that you 'll find for general outdoor construction.For the 2-1/2 inch length you get 420 screws per 5lb box.For the 3 inch length you get 350 screws per 5lb box.For the 3-1/2 inch length you get 285 screws per box.The screw is rated for a working load of 240lbs shear and 750lbs pullout . The ultimate rated strength is 320lbs and 1000lbs , respectively.These screws are listed as either made in the USA or Germany . I 'm more than happy with either location as they 're both good indicators of quality -LRB- not made in China for sure -RRB- . The manufacturer is ISO 9001:2000 certified.The quality of the screw is most evident when driving the screws into hard material . You can see the great quality control in the tight tolerances of the # 2 square drive heads . I have never run into a malformed , loose fitting , or jammed up head after driving over a couple thousand of these screws . Keep in mind that these are stainless steel which is a relatively soft metal . They will not stand up to a lot of camming-out before the head strips and you can no longer drive it . So make sure you 're aligned , applying adequate driving pressure , and do n't use a worn out bit . If you 're driving it into something really hard , make sure you pilot the hole first . This is true of any stainless steel screw . Compared to other stainless screws I 've used , these are the least likely to strip the heads out or have the heads shear off.These screws also use patented technology on the threads which helps them bite and cut into softer woods more cleanly and helps reduce splitting . The upper threads near the head are designed to improve clamp up . Often when a regular screw exits the first board and enters the second , the tip takes a moment to bite into the 2nd piece , creating a gap . The segmented thread design here improves the ability to suck up that gap.The thread design should n't be confused with composite deck screws -LRB- like Double-Dekkers or Trapease screws -RRB- which have counter-threads at the top to prevent mushrooming around the screw hole on a composite board . These screws do not have that feature but are great for just about all other applications where you need a high quality , non-corrosive screw.Using these is actually a pleasure , they work so well , you feel good about their quality and the quality of the item you 're building , the clients are happy , they will last a long time . -LRB- Keep carrying this item Amazon ! -RRB-
 Used a box of these on my deck as I am tired of seeing rusting deck screws that back out as the boards dry , and at $ 45 odd they are pricey but not excessively so.First , when you open the box , you can immediately tell you have a quality product on your hands , these are very well made , with uniform heads and the # 2 Robertson socket on top is deep and centered on every single one . These are incredibly easy to drive in , I am assuming this to be due to the serrated edges that Spax -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- claim make it easy to drive these screws with less effort as they cut there way into the wood . I found that they bite immediately with moderate pressure on the driver and that they just pull in evenly from there.Like one of the other reviewers said , there is less chance of them camming out if you use an impact driver , and this is probably true for these screws as much as it is true for any other long wood screw , however I use an impact driver as a rule with this kind of thing as the impact driver does not have a reaction torque that eventually makes your arm lame with prolonged screw driving . If you do a lot of this kind of thing , or even for the installation of a single deck at your house , I would strongly suggest you consider buying an impact driver for the job.As for their ability to hold the board down with the secondary thread just below the screw head ... time will tell for me how effective this will be , but these do really pull the board down tightly . One thing I did notice , the heads seem to be fractionally smaller than the regular ceramic coated deck screws you can get at Home Depot and friends , and this was evidenced by the fact that these seemed to pull deeper into the boards when I first started to use them - of course you adjust your driving technique after the first two or three and then you are able to put them into your preferred depth.So , in summary , if you are doing a nice deck and want it to last without the fasteners rusting , for a small investment , you want to use these screws , especially at the price they are here .
 Had about 288 3.5 '' screws in the 5lb box . I used them to put together a cedar fence - mount cleats to posts and cedar stringers to posts.Pros : Excellent quality , did n't have any defectives in the box.Thread pattern makes it very easy to drive into wood , and also provides a very strong hold.I had to unscrew and re-screw a few fasteners but did n't see any issues with that.The design of the head prevents wood from splitting since it makes a very small indentation when the head buries into the wood.Cons : The head will strip when using a regular drill/driver unless you are very , very , very careful ... Which is hard if you have to drive lots of screws in odd locations . I highly recommend using an impact driver , it took care of the stripping problem for me.I lost 1 screw from the whole box because of the head being so damaged that I could not re-use it.The box itself does n't seal the contents adequately . Mine opened in transit and the screws had spilled into the carton - forcing me to count.Amazon shipping
 Do n't try to save few bucks and yes this is more expensive but compare to thousand dollars you already spend on the deck on wood , this is one of the KEY to success.Not one defect and and works perfect and it is self drill.I was told some city inspection that if you do n't use this stainless steel screw on treated wood , you haveto remove all and redo.Thanks
 I have used a few thousand of these in some truss/joist reinforcement projects . One has to be careful in structural areas where failure due to brittleness is more of a concern than failure due to pullout or shear.initially , i used a tapered bit before driving these screws through the joist extensions/sisters into the joists . however , i soon found that they are so sharp and even cutting that they may be driven full length without a pilot without splitting of the joists - including some that were 20 + years old . These are the finest contractor screws that I 've worked with.As some of the other reviewers have noted , these are not interchangeable with deck or composite screws without penalty . Deck screws are too brittle for structural uses and the double-thread pattern is sub-optimal where tight , structural , glue joints are called for . For general construction , one needs a softer steel like stainless steel with thread patterns that minimize pullout and the risk of shear . These softer , rust-averse , stainless steel screws are a great choice , and these are the best of this category that I have used.Recommended
 They work great especially when driving into 2x6 PT and seem to hold up near salt water . I used them to screw a staircase together -LRB- 9 steps -RRB- from a deck to the high tide line on my beach in the Bahamas . They held up in the hurricane sandystorm -LRB- full exposure -RRB- with no damage to the stairs at all . Maybee they should use these screws when rebuilding the boardwalk on the Jersey shore !!! Price very competitive as well for the 5lb box .
 I do n't know how long Amazon will offer these at the price I paid , but I was absolutely not disappointed in these at all . I have not found any defective ones and the square heads have been well-formed and solid . Great for using on my pier over a salt-water marsh .
 I use these to build vegetable beds and other light carpentry . Stainless steel is soft but having the square bit has insured I never get -LRB- yet -RRB- any stripping . I use with redwood and doug fir . 2 by 's into 4 by 's .
 I had read the review below and was worried about getting these pegs to work with my project.Well , I did figure out why the pegs do n't always fit the hole very well - The pocket hole jig is adjustable to accomodate wood that is 3/4 '' thick up to 1 1/2 '' thick . This dramatically changes the depth of the hole . If your hole is drilled into 3/4 '' wood , the pegs do stick up quite a lot . They fit perfectly into a hole drilled into 1 1/2 '' thick wood.The solution is really simple though - just trim the peg a bit before you put it in the hole . You do n't have to cut the slanted end , just the nearly flat end that rests against the head of the screw . With a little experimenting , it is easy to eyeball the correct cut that will bring the peg into a reasonable sanding height . It is n't ideal and I 'd much rather have pegs specifically designed for 3/4 '' stock but they certainly are n't impossible - it beats making the whole plug from scratch !
 It 's so cool to enter what you want in your search engine , and then voila -- there it is ! I entered ` matchstick bamboo lamp ' , because that 's what I wanted to create subdued lighting in two areas of my bedroom . They go great with my Asian theme but they could be used in any contemporary scheme . Bamboo is such a great renewable resource . Be sure to use no greater than 40 watt bulbs ; anything higher gets blown .
 Very nice ligth ! I love it ! Gives an special oriental touch to my bed room . Not very strong .
 I am very pleased with this bamboo lamp . I love the look of it day or night .
 This is an excellent paint brush ! Initially , I had a hard time justifying paying $ 12 for a single paint brush when there were packs of brushes available at local stores for less . But let me tell you , this paint brush is well worth the investment ! I was painting the interior of my house and needed to cut in between the walls and crown moulding/ceilings/baseboards ... this process ends up using a heck of a lot of painter 's tape -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- . I researched how professionals tend to paint these areas without taping the edges , and this paint brush came up in many discussions as the tool of choice . I took a chance , and I 'm so glad I did . Unlike cheap paint brushes , the bristles of this brush are cut in a way that allows this brush to paint a very precise edge . As long as you have a steady arm and a little patience , you can pretty much do away with the use of painter 's tape -LRB- which often bleeds and leaves a jagged edge -RRB- and create nice clean lines . As well , the brush holds paint well , and the wooden handle is smooth and comfortable to work with . I have been using latex based paints , and washing my brush after use for the past month , and the brush still looks as good as new . This is a great brush for cutting in edges . I 've kissed my painter 's tape goodbye !
 I love this brush , been painting for over 17 years . This brush was refered to me by andpainting blog site . Jack pauhl . I took his recommendation on this brush . . Holds a lot of paintgreat for trim and walls . Works great with those new water based enamels . . Terry Beutler Painting Austin tx
 My husband got this item for his dad . His dad could n't stop singing praises about the flashlight.It really is bright , a little heavy but handy during power failures and for dark places like outdoors . It is cool that it is versatile , has three modes for different illuminations and the sturdy long handle makes it easy to point at angles or stand it upright.Would be getting one for us shortly
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 The plastic is strong . Fits well . Ties fine . Seams are strong . Color is green so it blends in well . Arrived on time , well packed . Easy to use . I have had it for one month and the water beads up well when it rains .
 This was just what we needed to protect our patio umbrella until next Spring . It is sturdy and has a neat , attractive appearance .
 This umbrella cover fit perfectly ! Has zipper and drawstring at bottom to secure . Very pleased .
 These little lanterns are very nice for the price . You do have to remove screws to change or insert a bulb , but this is not a huge problem . One of my lanterns had a natural crack in the bamboo top
 The plastic material of this product feels like taken out of a really cheap kids toy ... but thats the only bad imprresion I found on it , it works great and the bleeder valve is awesome ...
 What can I say ... it is a basic gauge and it works . It feels cheap and is very light , but I guess thats what $ 3 buys me . Aside from that , its nice as a spare to keep in the car .
 It may not be the best tire pressure gauge out there but it does what it 's meant to do and it 's hard to beat the price . It feels rugged , being covered in rubber , except for the tube part which is plastic . I covered that in electrical tape just to make sure it does n't break . Otherwise it seems to be measuring pretty accurately and the bleeder button is great .
 I have only used it a few times , but it does what it 's supposed to do . It looks like it 's going to last many many years , unlink my last cheap digital gauge that died after two years .
 I will agree with the other reviewer that for the price offered here , this lantern is certainly NOT worth the money . However , I recently ordered , and received , two such lanterns from a competitor for $ 10 each , on sale . -LRB- Their normal price is $ 14.95 -RRB- . Considering that the shipping for two of these was only $ 7.95 , I am EXTREMELY happy with them.True , while these lanterns may not be made the way they were say 50-100 years ago , they still are a great value , if priced right . Both put out extreme decent amounts of light for simple wick lanterns , and they are huge at 15 inches tall . As someone who is actively interested in simple , off-the-grid living , they give off a lot of `` bang for the buck '' . . again , if priced right.If Amazon ever gets their pricing within reason , I may order a couple from them . But not 'till then.Product
 nice shelves but they use screws most suitable for masonite type pegboards . Two sizes of screws are provided for common pegboard hole sizes . I bought a steel pegboard and that does n't provide a comfortable bite for the screws . They do seem to be holding , though .
 I was pleasantly surprised at the strength , durability , and quality of this product . It is great looking and easy to install in pegboard . It came with two different sized screws for different size peg board which I appreciated .
 This is about as good a pegboard hook as you 'll ever find , but the oversize screws that come with it mess up the holes in the pegboard so those hols can not be used for conventional pegboard hooks again , unless you do n't mind the hooks having a loose fit and falling out on occasion.I order three of these and only one came with screws for 1/4 inch pegboard , the other two came with screws for 1/8 inch size . I 've ordered other Triton products and all the others were correct , so I 'm blowing this off as a one time packaging problem.The hooks themselves are nice and sturdy and will hold up some real weight , I suspect the pegboard would rip before one of these breaks -LRB- I 've had some cheap hooks like this just break off when trying to bend them slightly just to make a tool fit well -RRB- . Very good hooks , but require planning , as you do n't want to be moving them around often , since they leave somewhat damaged pegboard behind .
 I use a cordless drill so much that I have a holster for it on my toolbelt . I have tried many different `` quick change '' bit holders . This is the only one that does n't get pushed back by the holster . All the other quick change type products are to big and would constantly get pushed back and release the bit causing it to fall out . It 's slim design is great . Why do the other manufactures make such big clunky ones ? BUY THIS IT RULES .
 Great product . I love mini mags . They are durable and have great battery life . Super dependable . Best mini flashlight on the market . This is my 3rd one ; not because the other broke , but because I like to have more than one . One to take hiking , one for the car , and one to leave in the house . Great buy !
 I have owned a lot of these little maglites over the years , and I keep coming back to them . They are great flashlights and are very dependable ! The holster is handy if you want to carry it on a belt . For the price , I definitely recommend this flashlight !
 I purchased this holder for my Maglite 4D LED , it 's a very cool holder . The only problem that I had is that my maglite will pop-out of the holder when I am running . Other than that it 's very easy to use , it 's easy to put your flashlight into the holder and it 's also easy to take it out . The buttons snapping buttons makes the holder a lot more reliable . I recommend this holder .
 I have had two Mini Maglite LED 's now , the first was packaged as a 3 watt , but no explanation of lumens . It had only two modes , on and off . I thought it was a great light , but after about a year of daily use , I started having problems with the switch sticking . I sprayed a small amount of WD40 into the barrel to loosen the switch . It worked , and I used it for several more months trouble free , until it started sticking again . I repeated the WD40 trick , and the switch again started working , but this time , the light output turned blue . It looked like there was some kind of a clear cap over the LED that came off , apparently loosened by the WD40 . I was unable to reattach it , so I retired that light as useless , and purchased a new one.The new light has the additional modes , and says nothing about 3 watts , but it is every bit as bright as the original . I added the petroleum jelly around the threads , and it worked great for a few weeks . then I started having trouble with the switch . I thought the petroleum jelly would have taken care of that , but it did n't . I finally dipped a Q-tip in WD40 , and very carefully applied a very small amount around the switch . So far so good.I bought one for my wife , her light exhibits the same problem . It is always with the switch .
 These are very reliable , definitely recommended . And i like the use of AA batteries , instead of C 's or other .
 the light is bright enough for the average applicationit is small enough to keep in a drawyou should have a few in different areas of your home in case of a power failurereasonably priced
 Maglite is a little late getting into the LED market , but this little lightis a good value and the same Maglite quality .
 This is a high-quality product that I use very often . I keep this flashlight near my bed so that I do n't have to switch on the light and wake up the house in case I need to find something at night . It has been working great so far like all Maglite products . I like the different light-switching modes that it offers and find that this makes it useful when I 'm in the woods and need to signal someone .
 Moving to a new apartment I knew that I would need a flashlight at some point . I had an old flashlight that hardly worked and thought a small , easy to use flashlight would be fine . The reviews on this product were positive so I took the leap.I am really pleased with this light . I have not had a lot of use for it at this point , but the few times I have had to use it , it has worked as expected . I 'm also a bit fan of the lamp ability that this light has.I would definitely recommend this product .
 it works very nice just as described i have the 3d cell mag light led and it fits perfect
 It has the expected Maglite quality . I give this product five stars . My wife is very happy with it and with the service provided by the vendor , whatever its name is .
 I bought several of these as gifts for the guys at work . They are a great small sized flashlight .
 This is a great product considering the price . Sure you 'll always find better Luxeon LED flashlights , but none that can turn into a candle . The flashlight is great for blackouts , for any night activity , and it beats the LED upgrade kits for the regular Mini Mag.It emits a bright , far-traveling light that will not disappoint you . It also has the cool feature that even though we 're dealing with LED light , MagLite managed to retain the focusability feature of the flashlight , and the ability to change from spotlight to floodlight . The performance is way better than the regular mini mag . You do n't get those annoying rings/dark dull patches of distorted light . This flashlight produces a focused , uniform circle of light . Pretty neat for the price.Use it for everyday tasks , and make sure you keep one in the car . Although it 's a great tool , I would not recommend it for tactical use . Other than that it 's great -LRB- although it 's true that it lacks an orifice on which to attach a lanyard -RRB- . Either way , you should n't be disappointed with this new addition to the MagLite family .
 The amount of illumination this small light provides compares favorably with that from a double-D-cell flashlight using a krypton bulb , which is probably what most folks expect from a general-purpose light . That said , comparing one to another is tricky because of differences in the beams . A standard flashlight projects a strong center spot surrounded by a broad halo of rather dim and often uneven light . However , with its much smaller reflector and LED , the Mini-Maglite produces a strong center spot with a halo that is both much narrower and considerably brighter than its counterpart . Therefore , one of the ways I compared the two light sources was to aim each at the white ceiling of a darkened room while observing the amount of reflected illumination of the furnishings.Unlike the yellowish light emitted by incandescent bulbs , the LED in the Mini-Maglite provides a brilliant , white light that seems to be quite close to daylight in color temperature . It does not suffer from the distinct bluish tint common to many high-brightness LEDs . The light output from this LED light is much greater than that of the incandescent version of the Mini-Mag , which I also have . I measured initial current drain from a set of fresh AA batteries at around 500mA , compared to somewhat over 300mA in the regular Mini-Mag . The company claims the light uses a 3-Watt LED -LRB- as rated by supplier -RRB- , but it would appear that even with a new set of alkaline batteries the actual energy used will not exceed half that rating . Furthur , my measurements indicate the power will likely decline by half again once the batteries have started to become weak . Of course , one can not expect miracles from two small batteries and the reduction is likely a balance between high output and power usage . I 'd expect several hours of strong light , with slowly diminishing output until the batteries are exhausted.Like the regular version , this Mini-Maglite is operated by unscrewing the head slightly to activate an internal switch . Furthur rotation will focus the beam somewhat as the reflector moves outward . There is n't a great deal of difference in the LED version , and very much twisting simply reduces the overall light output . The head may actually be removed and used as a base to support the light in candle mode . This is made possible by the elimination of a lanyard like is attached to the tail cap of the standard Mini-Mag . As owner of several multi-LED flashlights , I 've learned that one big advantage to having a single LED is the narrow , projecting beam it provides . That feature comes in handy when you 're walking at night and want to see some distance ahead.The light in the SP2201H package comes with a holster for carrying the flashlight lens-up on a belt or perhaps hanging it from a nail . Two Duracell batteries are also included . I 've read that other folks have encountered problems with the switch being intermittant , and I must admit that the flashlight did not work well with another brand of battery I installed during testing.Mostly made in the USA , the flashlight carries a limited lifetime warranty that excludes burnout of the LED module . Improper installation of the batteries may destroy this item , so be very careful.If having a slender light that weighs less than a third of the typical flashlight , yet illuminates just as well appeals to you , then I think you 'll be pleased with the Mini-Maglite LED .
 Bought as a Christmas gift for my nephew so I ca n't attest to theperformance , but I do n't expect any problems . Good looking product.I think he 'll really like the holster .
 My old black Mini Mag lite finally died , so I was looking to replace it.This -LRB- cheapest -RRB- version of the Mini Mag is shiney silver , which I am now getting used to after having the black one . It comes with 2 Dura Cell batteries , a spare bulb , and a black woven nylon holster.There is a hole drilled through the end cap to allow you to put a cord on it and/or hang it on a nail , I guess.While it does not focus into a perfectly round smooth beam , it is round and smooth enough for general use . You can spread out the beam if desired , or even remove the head and use it as a holder for the `` candle mode '' - just the handle pointing up with the bare bulb on top - to , say , illuminate your whole tent for a minute.No doubt you can put a $ 15 conversion bulb in this $ 10 flashlight and make it a $ 25 flashlight , but why bother?The only minor complaint I can find is the holster can not just slip onto your belt - you must thread your belt throught the flat loop . This could be a good thing as well , though.I bought two .
 I have several of these Mini MagLites . They 're solid , well-made , great little flashlights , with extra features
 I have several of these Mini MagLites . They 're solid , well-made , great little flashlights , with extra features
 I have several of these Mini MagLites . They 're solid , well-made , great little flashlights , with extra features
 this is an excellent flashlight . it has good battery life and is extremely durable too . it is a perfect size for everyday use . but if you buy this flashlight you should buy the led upgrade . it isn `` t as bright as the original bulb but it is almost as bright . this is a really durable flashlight as i said before . it has even survived being thrown up into the air and even being run over by a bike ! so this flashlight is worth the money .
 We 've owned a few cheap-o LED mini flashlights , but thought it would be smart to have a higher quality item with our camping tools , so I purchased this one.This mini MagLite LED is perfect ! It out-shines our other 3 LED lights , has a focus option for the beam -LRB- very helpful ! -RRB- , an all-metal housing , and the quality feel you get with all MagLite products.I 'm so please with this light , I 'm ordering a couple more to replace the ones we keep in our gloveboxes .
 I have several of these Mini MagLites . They 're solid , well-made , great little flashlights , with extra features
 I strap my Mag on the rollbar of my Wrangler , hidden behind the strap for the shoulder seat belt . No one notices so it 's safe and it does n't use up precious storage for a wrangler . I 've used mags for years and know I can count on them when I need them . Great , dependable , tough product providing the security a flashlight should give .
 candle mode lights up a large room . the LED light is incredible . i keep one in my car and one in my house . it 's just awesome . buy this flashlight and you will never be sorry .
 For a small flashlight that uses AA 's , this thing is bright.I also like that additional and useful accessories that you can purchase separately .
 I have had a 2AA cell Mini Maglite for several years now . Through this time , I have dropped it a lot , but each time , the only damage is scratches . It is so durable that you can just throw it on the ground purposely and it will not be obliterated ! The holster is a nice addition so that you can have easy acces when you are in a tight situation.The candle feature is very useful , especially for camping -LRB- or night reading -RRB- . Also , it is water proof ! I never have to worry while using it in the rain.Overall , this product is very useful . With its size and capabilities , it prooves worthy to be owned by anyone , no matter what there job is . Note
 I purchased a mini-maglite in 1994 while in the Marine Crops in a raid-company . I practiced raids on Zodiacs -LRB- the rubber rafts that you see special forces use in the movies -RRB- and everywhere I went I had my flashlight with me.This flashlight was dunked in the ocean countless time ... dropped ... kicked ... used as a hammer ... left in the rain . You get my drift . To this day I still have it ... it looks rough , but still works the same as the day bought it . It is amazing.The only maintenance I have done was to wash the sand and salt off of it .
 Maglite flashlights are renowned for their top-notch quality , their waterproof / water resistant design , and their extremely durable and corrosion-resistant aircraft grade aluminum casing . The Maglite AA Mini Flashlight is no exception.Pros ----- Comes with a HolsterThe holster has a loop for threading a belt through . It is well-stitched and made of durable nylon . - Waterproof / Water ResistantThe Maglite is immersible in a few feet of water . - DurableThe aircraft grade aluminum makes the casing of the Maglite extremely durable and completely corrosion resistant . - Small and PortableThe Maglite is handy for emergencies , hiking , camping and other uses - and its small size makes it very portable for taking it along anywhere you go so you would n't be caught without a flashlight when you need one ! - Well-Crafted and BeautifulCons ----- Incandescent Flashlight BulbThe incandescent flashlight bulb that comes with the Maglite can blow out , especially when subjected to extreme temperatures.LED Bulb Replacement -------------------- As an aside , the incandescent light bulb can be replaced with theTerralux LED Flashlight Bulb , which is made specifically for the Maglite . LED light bulbs are brighter , use less energy , and have a 30,000 hour lifespan.Conclusion ---------- The Maglite Mini Flashlight is waterproof / water resistant , portable , and has an extremely durable exterior . Recommended .
 All the mag lites share solid aluminum construction and rubber o-ring seals.What sets the mini mag off from the other mag lites is its size -LRB- easy to hold with teeth while working under car , sink , etc -RRB- and one little known feature - `` candle '' mode . You adjust the beam focus by rotating the mini mag 's head , but if you continue turning the head pops off ; you are left with the handle and the exposed bulb , which is now throwing light in all directions - it is a `` candle '' . Flip the head over , place it on the ground/table - it is now a `` candle holder '' . Stick the candle into the candle holder . Instant candle for camping . -LRB- These directions are actually on the mini mag 's packaging , but it was n't until I had bought my third mini mag -LRB- one for car , kitchen , daypack -RRB- that I noticed . This is actually a great trick to show other mini mag owners ... they also threw their packaging away without looking it . The larger mag lights do n't have this feature . -RRB- Two mini mags in the candle mode do a good job on a picnic table at night ... so get two of them ... they 're cheap .
 I 've owned 4 conventional -LRB- Krypton -RRB- bulb Maglites over the years and I 've ran many , many sets of batteries through them , especially my 2 AA maglites . I 'll just cut to the chase and say that they hit the ball out of the park with this LED version , it is fantastic . The following observations are with fresh batteries in all of the units : - Brightness
 I have been using these same lights for 12 years now . The AA ones are waterproof to about 30 feet or so -LRB- the O-rings keep the seal airtight -RRB- . I do n't know if maglite supports that use though :-RRB- I use them not only as lights , but to prop doors open , hammer small nails . These things are TOUGH ! Keep one in the car . One in the kitchen . One in the bedroom . One in the toolbox . One at work . Helpful Hints
 The first one I had was black , just like Model-T . Being dark and inside my dark overalls pocket , I forgot about it until it fell . It fell couple more times since . It is still working . It is a good size to go inside the tool box permanently . The size is also small enough to go inside where only your hand can reach . Sometimes in my line of work in seismic oil exploration I need to do come cabling , the Mini helps to get the connection right.Bought a few more Mag lights since the first one , seeing as it is tough and rain proof . But when I travel it is the Mini that comes along instead of the Mag Solitaire because the AA size batteries is the most universally available battery you can find in most countries.Torch -LRB- flashlight to you guys in US -RRB- is like penknives , tend to need it in an emergency . So one lives with the Leatherman , one in the car glove box , the old one still in the tool box.Yeah , I have held the torch in my lips too in the past but now recommend a headband by Nite Ize to turn it into a headlamp . Another item worth considering if you go hiking a lot is the Nite Ize `` Pock-its '' . This is a holster for Mini Mag Light and Leatherman , spare batteries .
 This is the highest quality flashlight on earth.Not just this model but the entire product line.I think Mag Instruments has perfected the flashlight.You could spend your whole life buying and tossing cheapo flashlight 's or buy a Maglite ONCE it 's that simple.Dont blow your money on plastic junk Stick with Mag they really are the Mercedes Benz of flashlights .
 I need a small flashlight for work and have gone through many , many AA sized flashlights . I just noticed these 2AA LED Maglites in the stores and decided to try one out.I was n't sure how bright it would be because besides the 3 Watt label , Mag does n't really state the brightness of the light . When I got home I was pleasantly surprised . This light is at least 5 times brighter than a regular 2AA Maglite and it is also brighter than any other -LRB- including LED -RRB- flashlights I have used.And what matters more , compared to the regular bulb Maglites , the beam on the LED light focuses perfectly to an even circle . No more dark areas.The one thing I miss is the little hole in the endcap which can be used for lanyards or keyrings . Also the LED version is a tad bit longer than the bulb version , but for the huge performance gain , I 'll gladly have a slightly larger flashlight.I ca n't comment on the battery usage yet , as I have n't had to change batteries yet , a good sign ... And I am so glad that I do n't have to worry about the little bulbs burning out every so often anymore.I can highly recommend this light , it 's well worth the money if you need a good flashlight . I do wish that the other colors were available as shown on Mag 's website . Amazon or any other local stores just seem to have the black version .
 I must say i am really impressed with this product . I 'm a police man and i find this light to be really handy and useful , and the light is just great and bright . This minimag can really throw a bright beam a good distance !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this light mostly for work use , but I use it at home too . It has typical Maglite quality and a very useful holster . Some of the reviewers do n't like the fact that the holster has no velcro cover . I like this . The light slides in snugly and had easy access when I need it.The biggest plus is the fantastic beam . I 've had some of the multi bulb lights that others make , but this one is the best I 've used . - Tough - Powerful - Portable - Perfect
 I had a little problem with Amazon , but it was fixed quick and I received the correct product.The flash light is perfect . I 'm using it for both light and blunt object.It came with batteries and a belt carrying case.This was a 3 cell light not the 2 cell like it is stating.Gives off a good amount of light and I 'm hoping that because it is LED that the batteries will last forever .
 I purchased this flashlight to use on detail when I 'm patrolling as part of a Citizens Watch program . It is n't bright enough to help with tripping and focusing in on details . However , it is fine for a purse and backup flashlight . The belt thing is cool-just girls do n't usually wear belts .
 This review is for the 3 AA battery LED version -LRB- currently amazon has the titles and descriptions of the AA led models mixed up -RRB- . I have no less than 10 maglites in several sizes and colors ... this one blows them all away ! to give you an example of how bright it is
 This is a 3 watt 2 cell flashlight . I agree with the other reviews here . More light output than the normal 2 cell AA maglight could have been done better like an end cap that had either a on/off switch or lanyard attachment so it could be hung in a room for area lighting . Still works better than buying the conversion kit that Home Depot sells -LRB- it was junk -RRB- . I have purchased another LED flashlight a year ago by River Rock from Target for less money and more light with equal quality . See the photos . The Maglight is a good light and appears to be made in the USA .
 This was my favorite Mag-lite purchase . Those of us who have used the Mini-mags over the years have learned to live with dim light and unexceptional battery life , but gladly traded that for its durability and quality construction . This light changes all that.Unlike LED upgrades -LRB- and even the Maglite C and D cell LED lights -RRB- , this flashlight was designed to be used with an LED bulb , which is evidenced by its elongated head . The result is a very bright light , with almost no `` black hole '' when on wide flood . Its output is very similar to the regular -LRB- krypton -RRB- 3 C/D cell lights , but in a much smaller package . What 's interesting is the proportions are similar to the 6D cell , which gives it some use as a defensive weapon , for those so inclined.I do have a gripe about the pricing - $ 10 less would be nice . However , it is made in America and it is tough as nails . My only caveat is this is at least 30 % longer than the 2AA Mini-mag , and therefore does n't fit quite as easily into purses , pockets , & c. ; But lighting and battery life are significantly longer .
 The AA Maglite is very bright for its size . With fresh batteries , it has the potential to lighten up a moderate sized room under very dark conditions . Mine has been 100 percent reliable , even when DROPPED several times . Accidents happen , and my Mini AA is all scratched up and beaten up -LRB- the black finish has partially come off from being dropped so often -RRB- , yet it continues to work -LRB- even when dropped on cement from 5 feet up on multiple occasions -RRB- . The only part I 've had to replace are the bulbs . While not as bright as higher tech Surefires and similar flashlights , the Maglite AA is the MOST reliable and toughest flashlight I have owneed .
 This little flashlight has been a great help in many situations . I keep one in my purse and one in the kitchen drawer with the dog 's leash and drop it into my pocket before taking my dog for walks at night.It not only lights my way , but helps me find the droppings as well as the key hole when I get back to my condo.The candle mode has come in handy during several blackouts .
 I 've had one of these for a while . It 's very reliable , durable & convinient because of it 's size . The worst that has ever happened to my maglite was for the bulb to break when I was busy messing around with it .
 A big improvement over MagLite 's first LED mini : Longer battery lifeWhen batteries get low , light gets dimmer instead of cycling on and off as with first LED versionWorks great on rechargeable batteriesBeam focuses but not as well as original bulb-type mini-magliteI 've dropped it several times on a hard floor and it still works -LRB- not recommended -RRB- LED light reflects from animal 's eyes
 There must be some kind of mistake , either mine or Amazon 's -LRB- guess which one I suspect it is ?? -RRB- . Anyway , despite the title , the following review refers to the 2AA light , NOT the 3AA . I have never even seen , much less touched , the 3AA version of the Maglite 3 watt LED flashlight.This is what an LED flashlight should be
 Bought this product at Sears.Have been using this product for 4 months.Primary batteries used in the product : Duracell Alkaline -LRB- came with -RRB- Enercell AlkalineEnergizer Rechargeable Ni-MahHad used up to 12 batteries during my use.Experiences ... Durability : Has been dropped over 100 times on pavement mostly at 4.5 ft , 9ft on a rare occasion.No sign of wear on the the head , and main body after 4 months.Tailcap has the grey paintjob rubbed off likely due to my having a metal key ring attached.Lighting : Primarily used it on the high power setting . -LRB- 70-80 lumens ? -RRB- Left this flashlight on for three days straight as a temporary bedroom light.Set to upsidedown candlemode -LRB- minus the head -RRB- ; hanged on a screw on the cieling with a keyringUsing the Enercell Alkalines the minimaglite ran nonstop for less three days set on high.However the minimag is programmed to dimm when there is insufficient power around the 6 or 8th hour.Day 1 first 8 hours has really good lightingDay 2 sufficient light not too bright.Day 3 insufficient light , last few hours blinking till power is fully drained.Other uses for this light : High 70-80 lumen output in candlemode is very sufficient as a camera flash up to 3ft for flash-uncapable cameras.My conclusion ... Negatives : Not good as a tactical fast reponse flashlight for extensive daily usage.Not the brightest in the 2AA battery category.No tail clicky switch.Does not stay in a constant lumen output.Cannot turn off without the head.Positives : Decent runtime.What it lacks in brightness it is high on versatility with various features High , Low , Strobe , SOS , Candlemode.Aircraft Aluminum body can take a beating just not the paint scheme.Heatshield keeps the outer body from feeling too hot.Commonly found in retail stores in many parts of the world.Upgrade-able like the Krypton-bulb minimag with various 3rd-party accessories in the market.Affordable at the $ 20-25 USD range.Comes with 2AA Duracells , and a nylon beltpouch .
 Do you want to have a good compact flashlight ? Hate those LED based flashlights and like the incandescent bulb light ? I know I do - that blueish light is n't a good to my eye and this rugges little flashlight does the trick with typical MAG toughness . Also the little carrying case is a nice thing to have .
 Pros : - Brighter than many full sized flashlights and MUCH brighter than non LED version-Well built , but compact and not too heavy-Two brightness levels + flashing mode-Good , but not great battery life-Made in USACons : - Cumbersome controls . It twists on by turning the head of the light and always starts at full power . For low power , you have to quickly turn it off and back on . Do it again really quick and you get flashing . Again for SOS . So some modes force you do to 3-4 quick on of wrist flicks . Never mind the fact that these all reset your light focus , which is also controlled by twisting the head . I 'd much rather have a button on the bottom or side.-Candle mode seems like a cool feature , but the LED is so bright that it just blinds you . I think it worked betterwith the relatively dim regular bulbs , but not on LED.-Rubber bumper is nice , but I am sure I will lose it very quickly.Overall a great household flashlight and I 'm sure I 'll use it on full power most often , so the controls wo n't be too annoying . I still would n't hesitate to recommend it to anyone , but I hope Maglite considers a push button control for future releases . -LRB- I think they have on their other line of compact LED -RRB- Bottom line , very good flashlight .
 Bought this exclusively for my travel kit . A very sharp light to keep me from crashing into furniture/luggage as I make my way to the bathroom at night . Also , the battery is lasting longer than some earlier maglites I have owned . Nice !
 This flashlight is bright . It 's solid . It takes cheap , easy-to-find batteries . That 's really all you can ask for.In addition , the `` candle mode '' is remarkably good .
 I bought this LED maglite for work . The holster works perfectly so I have this light at my side whenever I need it . I work in an auto repair shop and it 's so handy to have this light whenever I need to light up something whether in the engine compartment or under the dash . Much more convenient to use than a full-sized flashlight -LRB- I used to use a Makita flashlight , but this is much more useable and convenient . -RRB- Good battery life as I 've been using it for well over a month with the same batteries in it . I may try using some Sanyo Eneloops to see if there is a falloff in light output ; if not , that would be the way to go .
 I had bought old versions -LRB- not led -RRB- of this and the 3D , and then eventually purchased this LED version of the 2AA . The LED AA is brighter than the 3D I have , it is a huge improvement over the old 2AA . I was hoping the old ones would be enough to make me happy , but after having an LED 2AA I am hooked and definitely will be purchasing the 3D . I have owned the LED 2AA for 6 months and have no complaints . I use it quite regularly so it does go through batteries frequently , but that is something you should know and expect about any small bright LED flashlight . This one does however , hit a good balance of brightness/power consumption . There are brighter out there in this size range , but not a lot brighter , and they will run through batteries a lot faster.Definitely recommend flashlights from Maglite to everybody , but pay the extra couple of dollars and get the LED .
 this is a neat litle , but powerful light , handy to carry and gives a good light . why use twenty words when a few will do . It works and is reliable .
 Works as expected , bright light and shipped as promises . Very happy Yada Yada , trying to meet the min word done ,
 I have several incandescent maglites , and various other LED flashlights -- This light beats them all , hands-down . I work in a plant with many things that need examining , and many things that are decently high up . This light will illuminate things at the top of a 20 + foot warehouse , and it 'll throw a good , narrow beam wherever you point it.This is n't a SureFire light , and it 's not priced like one . That said , my co-workers have an assortment of other LED lights , and this one is the clear winner
 These are great little , indestructible , basically bullet proof flashlights that go just about everywhere with us . we have them in our cars , boats and under every sink cabinet in our house . There 's a longer one near our front door that serves two intended purposed ; flashing into the face of any bad guy to disorient for a sec , then cranking him across the jaw ... heck , even the smaller mags make decent batons.Bottom line is this -- a brilliant streamlight polytac sits on the rail of my AR , but a mini-mag sits inside of my range bag to be there when I have to work on that streamlight or the AR . Get it ? No really , get it if you need a reliable light that can also serve other needs .
 I needed a small compact flashlight for work and after check several reviews , I decided to get this one . I love the adjustable light feature simply by turning the lens -LRB- knob -RRB- at the top of the flashlight . It adjusts from a wide view to a nice sharp concentrated beam . It also has a `` candle '' feature . The lens unscrews from the base . You set the lens on a flat surface and then set the base `` inside '' the lens so the bulb is exposed giving you the `` candle '' effect . I 've only used it a few times so far so I 'm not sure how fast it will eat up batteries , but for the light itself - I 'd buy again .
 I just got this AA Mini Maglite packaged with a 3D LED Mag at Home Depot . I was looking for the 3D when I found this 2 pac . Man am I glad I did . This AA mini Mag is FANTASTIC for a small light . I compared it side by side with a TERRALUX Lightstar 220 , rated at , you guessed it , 220 Lumens . Unbelievable ! I aimed each light at the top of a 30 ft. tree , about 100 ft. away . Both lights illuminated the tree top , but the Mini Mag really defined the branches clearly . The Terralux just kind of lit up the area at the top of the tree . This Mini Mag has a Cree XPE # 106 bulb in it and is far superior to the upgrade LED bulb available at Amazon for under $ 9.00 . If you have an old Mini Mag , that is a good upgrade to extend battery life . Do Yourself a Favor and Buy The Latest version AA Mini Mag as well . You Will Not be sorry!The only thing That I do n't care for is the extra modes . Besides the 2 brightness levels , there is 2 Blinky modes . One just blinks on and off , the other emits a Mores Code SOS . I would rather just have 2 light level modes that I could switch back and forth . I also would like a tail switch so I did n't have to fool with the focus every time I turn it on . Maybe I 'll look for the tail switch replacement that someone else mentioned . I still rated it 5 stars because it 's a Fantastic light.The only reason that I did n't buy this light on Amazon is because I was n't really looking for a new Mini Mag . I could n't find the the 3D with the 131 lumen rating that I was looking for on Amazon . Like I said , the added bonus of this AA Mini was an unexpected surprise ! Bluwolf
 Excellent little flashlight for the money . We keep them in our car glove compartments for emergencies or to read maps without having the overhead light in the driver 's eyes .
 The quality of the leather belt holder for D Cell flashlight is very good , I would recommend it to my friends . The shipping was very fast . Good product , relaiable seller.Thanks
 Machined from solid rigid aluminum , this is a small well designed and well made metal flashlight that delivers a strong white light for only $ 11.75 . It takes two AA batteries by unscrewing the end cap which has a rubber O ring to keep out water . It fits easily in your hand and turns on by twisting the end with the light so it can no accidentally go on like some other lights with switches or buttons . It is not a fancy ultra LED light like some more expensive ones on the market and those have their place in your house , but with this one you get rugged , reliable bright light for just a few bucks so you can afford to buy several and keep them in different places in your house or car for handy use .
 I hav n't tried many other d-rings but this one works just fine . Holds well and does exactly what i expected and needed it to do
 We have been buying these Maglite Mini flashlights for quite a while . I have yet to try their LED version , but for now these work perfectly for me . I know that the LED one is supposedly much better , but at this price point , I have a very hard time passing these up.We probably must have about 3 or 4 of these around our home , and I personally keep 1 in every toolbag or toolbox . With the cheap price of these you can have one in every room and anywhere else you can think of . You also have a wide variety of colors to choose from , but I stick to the modest , classic black annodized.I know that this is just a review for a simple flashlight , but I believe Maglite to be the best , and I hope this review helps .
 I love my Mini Maglite ! I have had two of them in the last 8 years -LRB- one grew legs and walked off , so I replaced it for $ 10 -RRB- and never had a single problem with either . These are made by Maglite and are a step up from their Solitaire AAA keylight -LRB- another great light -RRB- . The Mini runs on two AA batteries and has a tiny 3 volt `` bi-pin '' type bulb . The batteries are stored in the flashlight 's body and are accessed by unscrewing the tail cap . The lens is made of polycarbonate , and every mating surface of the light is sealed with rubber o-rings , which makes it resistant to dust , moisture , and waterm and I can validate this . I 've used it in the rain , mud , snow , and fog with no problems whatsoever!I thought it was interesting that the Mini does n't have a traditional on/off switch . You turn it on by twisting the head assembly to the right or left , and you focus the beam the same way from spot to flood . One of the things about the Mini Mag that I really like is that you can use it as a candle . If you turn it on and keep unscrewing the the head , it will eventually come apart . the bulb will stay on so you can use the light as a candle by standing it up on the tail cap . I have found this to be invaluable when I needed a desk light or reading light but did n't want to get out of bed to turn mine on.The Mini Mag is quality instrument . The body , end cap , and head are made out of high quality aluminum that 's been computer machined from a solid billet of aluminum , which makes it very strong with tight tolerances for precise fits between parts . The bezel that secures the lens assembly and reflector is also made out of aluminum that has been laser etched with the Maglite logo , and the head has raised groves cut in it for a better grip when twisting the head to turn the light on , off , and for focusing the beam . It is also fully anodized inside and out for maximum corrosion resistance in saltwater environments . The body is also cut with a pattern in it for a better grip when your hands are wet or slippery . Despite the grip , I did have it slip out of my hands several times.It feels solidly built , hefty in the hand , and I reckon will be unlikely ever to break , even if you abuse it . I was weary of the head fitting snugly to the body because there was a little play in it , but it seems to be sealing off good and is n't letting water or dust in . Mine has been dropped more times than I can remember , left on all night and day , stepped on , sat on , kicked , tossed , dunked in water , coated in mud , buried in sand , with no problems . You could run this over and it would be fine ! The lens did get scratched up and the anodization is wearing very thin , but it 's still good to go.The light output is impressive for such a tiny bulb . I was surprised at how bright it was . It would throw a decent amount of light at least 50 feet and illuminate a small room with the candle function . I ca n't say how many times I have reached for it and turned it on and it always worked . In over 7 years I only had to replace the bulb once -LRB- it comes with a spare bulb in the tail cap that 's secured in a plastic holder -RRB- . The battery life is pretty good . Mag advertises 30 hours of run-time and I can validate that . With fresh batteries I used it for over two months of occasional use before it started dimming.The best part about these is that you can get an LED conversion for them . Maglite makes an LED version of this , but the aftermarket conversions work much better . I installed the TerraLux LED kit , and it was worth every penny . It costs more than the Maglite itself , and is more expensive than the Mag LED , but it is well worth it . You get triple , maybe quadruple the light output and longer battery life to boot . It 's a fantastic investment , and for those who want a physical on/off switch -LRB- I did -RRB- , TerraLux makes one of those as well.Pros : High qualityMade from aluminum not plasticNearly indestructableWater resistantCompactGood light outputAdjustible beamGood battery lifeEasily upgradableCons : None!A great light that will always be there when you need it , plus it 's a Maglite so it 's a company you can trust will stand behind its product . If you want an inexpensive flashlight that will last you a very long time , look at the Mini Maglite first .
 This is my third Mini Maglite ... I have one in my hunting gear one in my auto and carry one on my person when working . Just purchased for my carry Maglite the leather sheath fantastic product and a great flashlight and sheath . Many have tried but none compare to the quality and price .
 This flashlight is a wonder of modern technology . I love it , Maglite rocks . Item was shipped quick and there were no issues with the item . Thank you .
 I have had mag lights over the years and far as I can tell I will continue to buy them . I work as a handyman . I never know what I will be doing from week to week . A good flashlight is worth its weight in gold to me . I have had my 2AA LED light now for just over 3 months now . It has been in crawl spaces , some of them dry . Countless non lit basements . I really like the fact you can reduce the power , use it as a strobe , SOS , or a regular flashlight . Great thinking on MAG 's part . All in all , they are worth the money . If anyone is looking for a great gift idea for just about any guy , this is it . Ok I know there are a lot of gals out there that would think they are cool too . Talk about a great stocking stuffer .
 I have had Maglite 's for many years . This was a gift for my kids and I 'm amazed at how bright these lights shine . It 's compact and the candle light feature is a nice touch which is actually extremely practical for outside dining on camping trips .
 My sons LOVE these flashlights !!! The three of them lay in bed at night and take turns making pictures on the ceiling !! The flashlight comes with an extra bulb which is located in the other end therefore no chance of losing it !!!
 I grew up knowing about my grandfather and his large Maglite flashlight that he always trusted , so I 've always believed in the quality of their products . This Maglite , while much smaller , does not disappoint . It 's rugged , and has n't eaten batteries . I 'm very happy with this flashlight and I especially recommend it for carrying on your person .
 I bought a couple of these to keep in the glove compartments of my cars . Here is why I like it :1 . This takes up little space -LRB- even in the included holster -RRB- and weighs very little since it runs on two AA batteries -LRB- which are included -RRB- .2 . The beam of light is fully adjustable from a wide area to a spot with a simple twist . It is very powerful considering the size .3 . This works great when you are looking for something under the car seat , need to read a map at night , or need to check under your hood.Shop for price . I bought the exact same thing at my local Home Depot for under nine dollars , which is less than half the current price on Amazon .
 Purchased a year go and love this little flashlight . I have it hanging on my front door ona little hook , so I always know where it is . Used it too many times to count , so nice to have one around . And AA batteries last forever , still have not changed mine.Candle feature is so useful as well . If people ask me what flashlight to get , I immediately point to this Maglite .
 I needed one of these to have my flashlight with me when working ... really cumbersome carrying it in my backpocket ... especially when one has to do any climbing or co into crouched positions.The clasp is very sturdy leather and the actual holder seems to be a hard plastic type material which can fold up against the clasp , conveniently , when not in use .
 For its size , its the best thing out there in terms of light , with a great slim outer shell . The included holster is a great plus . Long battery life due to the LED !
 Been using one of these for so long I do n't know when I got the previous one . Lost the last one by accident , been cursing myself ever since . I keep one of these on me wherever I go , always handy . I like the traditional non-LED version because the beam is focusable . I bought the Nite-Ize on/off switch to go with this one so that it does n't accidentally turn on and waste batteries .
 My package is ok , just in time , exclelent flashligth , in perfect condition good package , good presentation , good accesories you are excellent ideas , thanks for all , have a happy new year
 Thanks ! He loves it ! It 's exactly what he asked for ! He wo n't quit shining it in my eyes ! LOLAwesome
 This is recommended for anyone who uses the D-Cell Maglites a lot . I use this flashlight everyday during the month of December when I do traffic control at my Christmas Lightshow . When the flashlight is not in use , I can easily drop it into this belt holder . This allows me to grab the donations from passing cars , etc. .
 In my opinion Mag lights of any model are the best flash lights made . I was a police officer for 17 years and recharable Mag lights were all we used . I carried a mini mag on my duty belt for back up , It 's very bright for such a small light , the adjutable beam is great , standard with all Mag lights . It comes with a spare bulb in the end cap and Duracell batteries.Ready to go right out of the package . I priced the same light , including the holster , at Home Depot , they wanted $ 22 . Just a great light for a great price .
 The light is bright and white . The candle mode is good too . It can light up a small room . Value for money
 Difficult to tell if the batteries are running down on the flashlight is malfunctioning . Turns out that batteries that came in the pack were nearly dead upon arrival . The non-led version seemed have a better focusing feature . Even though it has flashing modes and I expect the batteries last longer , I almost prefer my non-LED version .
 I often need to carry a good flashlight when I work in basements and attics , this holds it really well as well as keeping it out of my way when I do n't need it .
 Made by Mag light and works great . It 's the best flashlight holster on the market . I love it and will order another for a backup .
 i bought this because i am a security officer and i wanted it all black so it could match with the black pants instead of the other kind that is metal . The material is great & bought it about 10months ago and still looks brand new .
 It 's a maglite , what else is there to say . Of course it works as it should . The flag graphics are great to .
 I have all ready got the slightly longer AA LED Maglite , which is used for work.However recently purchase an LED conversion for my AAA maglite , got it wrong ? the LED was for a AA conversion so , left with this , saw this AA Maglite on Amazon and thought that will do , so I now have 2 functioning LED Maglite 's now , a bit dearer than getting the ready to use one . But I am not out of pocket on having LED sitting in the drawer .
 was pleasantly surprised upon delivery that the flashlight had a xenon bulb . LED is also an option but is more expensive . the flashlight is well built and the candle mode is unique - comes in handy during camping trips .
 As an usher at a music school , I needed to keep a flash light on my person . This was the perfect solution . It is mini but still powerful , and the holster is perfect for attaching to the belt , keeping it securely in place .
 I was a bit skeptical when ordering this , I was concerned about the brightness but this flashlight OS great . I am a police officer and having this light that shines very far is incredibly helpful .
 This Maglite Plain Leather Belt Holder does precisely what it is designed to do , hold a D-cell Flashlight from your belt , or where ever you attach it . It is made of high quality black leather and a strong , sturdy metal ring . The snap allows the user to attach it to your belt without having to remove your belt . A very nice product that just works perfectly .
 I had the old three watt led maglite with three AA 's . Battery times were flaky , and the tail cap had issues with intermittent contact time and again . Fortunately a rayovac leaked inside and ruined the tailcap and I went searching for another maglite . I was n't stupid , I have several BIG maglites that I depend on but i knew the little 3 watt had issues . Long story short i arrived at the new LED model and now have 2 of them . The high and low settings are absolutely wonderful and useful . The unit is far brighter than the old 3 watt model and the batteries last a little longer than advertised . I take about a 3 week to month window to use up the batteries at work . The 3 watt lasted about 2 weeks tops . The SOS and blink mode are not useful to me but some survivalist would enjoy that feature . Forget the surefire and other tactical lights and buy a maglite and use the saved money to buy batteries ! That is the real cost of ownership !
 I 've bought expensive tactical flashlights that take the more-expensive 123A batteries . That can be quite costly for everyday flashlight use , so I decided to buy a cheap 2x AA Maglite for the everyday use . It does its purpose and is bright as it can get using two AA batteries . I 'm not at all dissatisfied with the product and got exactly what I needed from it
 I wanted a flashlight that was compact and yet bright . It is both of those as well as being very durable . Definite Maglite quality .
 good , strong light , especially for its size . much more powerful than traditional flashlights i had around the house that were much bigger , and for a good price . another one i had has already lasted me many years .
 This is a nice little metal flashlight -- works great and the batteries last for a long time . The reason I only gave it 4 stars -- I wish it had an on/off switch instead of twist on/off .
 I was very pleased with my order . Shipping was fast and the quality of my item was just as nice as advertised . I will be buying again . . BEING AN ARMY FAMILY WE ONLY WANT THE BEST AND THIS PAST OUR TEST . .
 The name `` Maglite '' has always been , to me synonymous with quality -- I 've been wearing this one on my belt for several years now . It 's small , light-weight and has a powerful light for something this small . The beam is quite bright for a flashlight this size , and the `` candle '' mode is a nifty feature -LRB- especially when the end of the flashlight fits into the upended top -RRB- . It helped me more than once , especially when in a crowded elevator during a minor power outage . My parting comment to all who were in this elevator with me - `` Why did n't YOU have a flashlight with you ? `` My ONLY gripe -- the nylon belt-sheath , which is durable -- not only allows the flashlight to fall out in some situations , but it does not keep the rotating head of the flashlight protected . More than once someone has come up to me to say `` Umm ... . your BELT is all lit up !! '' I solved that problem by sewing a -LRB- rip-stopped -RRB- strip of nylon onto the top of the sheath -LRB- back to front -RRB- , and attaching velcro to the end of the strip and to the front of the sheath , so now my maglite stays securely in the sheath.Would I buy aother Maglite ? Sure ! I 'd like to eventually buy the whole family of Maglites -- from tiny to huge . They do the job and do it well .
 I have every size of Maglite D cell flashlights and this holder is a must for the big ones . Good product sent quickly .
 This is simply the best flash light I have ever used . Really like the light focusing feature and solid feel .
 This is a great item to pack for traveling , its very lightweight and I ended up using it more than I would 've anticipated during a recent 3-week trip to Africa . A previous reviewer mentioned the `` candle '' functionality which came in handy . You ca n't go wrong with this , especially at this price .
 MAGLITE ASXD036 Plain Leather Belt Holder for D-Cell Flashlight , BlackI bought this item so I could hang my 4 D-Cell Maglite on to my pack with a carbiner clip for backpacking trips . Works great for this application . Strapping the flashlight down with a bungee cord so that it does not flop around completes the job .
 This little light is bright but right in the center seems to be a dark area ? It loses a star for the dark center , you would think the center would be the brightest but it is n't .
 The Maglite -LRB- any size -RRB- makes a great gift for folks of all ages . I recently bought two Maglite Minis for my children . -LRB- My husband has a maglite that has been around for a very long time . -RRB- We have gone around and around with other flashlights that just do n't hold up to the rigourous outdoor play that my boys were using them for.These have lasted already through bumps and smashes and they have really held up . They come with an extra bulb and with the first set of batteries . They are also made in the USA.A flashlight made to last .
 Everything but the holster ... well ... is plain great ! I find the flashlights around my local area but they 're not at this price . I simply took the holster and got rid of it . They rip and tear off quickly . In a pinch I guess they 'd be ok to use one day but that 's about all you 'd get out it . I have a ballistic holster that I got on Amazon and it 's a LOT better and will last for years .
 A real improvement over the halogen version . It is much , much more powerful , it has a whiter light , longer range . Do not expect a `` light saber '' , -LRB- go for the Inova X03 if you need a tactical light -RRB- but it is a powerful flashlight , perfect to have it with you all the time . I carry it together with my Leatherman Super Tool 200 .
 Maglite 's are always great flashlights , and this one is no different . Good price , Quality product , Nice holster .
 Bought the mag mini and the accessory lenses . Wish the light were a bit brighter , but overall the whole package of flashlight , holster , batteries , lenses , leash and anti-roll device are a nice compact package you can take anywhere .
 To start , I 'm a tradesmen who has to carry his lifelines on his belt . Not only on the job , but I 'm also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . Every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seems to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall saying something is on fire or wo n't open all the way . And the Mini Mag is the universal flashlight . It 's sold everywhere , including this fine site and even family stores , and despite its legendary quality and design , is at the most ten dollars with included holster . I prefer the classic AA design , where CA N'T you find AAs ? I 've used one of these on my belt for about four years . It 's an excellent tool , and I 've never had one wear out on me . The bulbs , however , are the Achilles heel . The rest of the flashlight is military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . But these dang bulbs go orange after a couple weeks and last a couple months of casual use . I was considering shelling out forty bucks for a small LED , just to save the money on bulbs.Then , walking through a sports outlet , I passed the flashlight section . And next to the usual Mini Mag with holster , which I own close to six of , was a Nite Ize accessory designed for this same flashlight . An LED bulb . Now , I 've seen these online for about twenty to thirty bucks , and this is a ten dollar flashlight ! But this one just sitting around on a shelf was eight bucks , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . What the heck , I got one . To quote another review , my trusty old Mag is now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . And LEDs , as all Mag-haters know , do n't burn out or even go out when bumped.So , for a total of twenty bucks , you get an American-quality LED beam that competes and plain out whips fifty-dollar imports with plastic casings . I would n't recomend this flashlight if there was n't there was a way to fix its biggest flaw . Just get your hands on this LED adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . Replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulbs into powder . You wo n't be needing them , ever again . There 's also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that includes a push-button adapter if you 've ever wished you could tap a red button on the end instead of twisting it on and off . I have n't tried it , but it comes with the LED , and for eight bucks?And hey , the flashlight itself comes in six different colors . These things are easily replaced if one gets banged up or your room-mate/girlfriend draws all over it with Sharpie while she 's on the phone . I 've had these work perfectly even they have been through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . Just take the LED out and put it in the new one , those bulbs last forever . And now , so will this flashlight .
 There is not much i can say about a MagLite that hasnt already been said its solid , durable , with excellent finish -LRB- the silver in my book is worth the lil extra that is my personal -RRB- . I purchased a LED replacement ` bulb ' that alone says I plan to have this for life .
 I love my mini maglite - it 's perfect for keeping in my purse for those times when I 'm stuck and in need of light . It comes in handy all the time ! I recently gave this light as a gift to a 12 year old boy , and he loved it too . It 's just so reliable , sturdy , and the bulb lasts for ages and ages . The price is great for something that will last forever .
 This very portable flashlight is heavy and sturdy . It has been dropped several times , with no damage to the glass . The illumination is also quite strong for the size of the flashlight , and will last for several weeks of use without a battery change . This is easily the most durable flashlight of its kind ; you are likely to lose it before you damage it .
 To start , I 'm a tradesmen who has to carry his lifelines on his belt . Not only on the job , but I 'm also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . Every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seems to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall saying something is on fire or wo n't open all the way . And the Mini Mag is the universal flashlight . It 's sold everywhere , including this fine site and even family stores , and despite its legendary quality and design , is at the most ten dollars with included holster . I prefer the classic AA design , where CA N'T you find AAs ? I 've used one of these on my belt for about four years . It 's an excellent tool , and I 've never had one wear out on me . The bulbs , however , are the Achilles heel . The rest of the flashlight is military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . But these dang bulbs go orange after a couple weeks and last a couple months of casual use . I was considering shelling out forty bucks for a small LED , just to save the money on bulbs.Then , walking through a sports outlet , I passed the flashlight section . And next to the usual Mini Mag with holster , which I own close to six of , was a Nite Ize accessory designed for this same flashlight . An LED bulb . Now , I 've seen these online for about twenty to thirty bucks , and this is a ten dollar flashlight ! But this one just sitting around on a shelf was eight bucks , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . What the heck , I got one . To quote another review , my trusty old Mag is now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . And LEDs , as all Mag-haters know , do n't burn out or even go out when bumped.So , for a total of twenty bucks , you get an American-quality LED beam that competes and plain out whips fifty-dollar imports with plastic casings . I would n't recomend this flashlight if there was n't there was a way to fix its biggest flaw . Just get your hands on this LED adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . Replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulbs into powder . You wo n't be needing them , ever again . There 's also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that includes a push-button adapter if you 've ever wished you could tap a red button on the end instead of twisting it on and off . I have n't tried it , but it comes with the LED , and for eight bucks?And hey , the flashlight itself comes in six different colors . These things are easily replaced if one gets banged up or your room-mate/girlfriend draws all over it with Sharpie while she 's on the phone . I 've had these work perfectly even they have been through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . Just take the LED out and put it in the new one , those bulbs last forever . And now , so will this flashlight .
 This is a very fine flashlight . It puts out a surprising amount of light for its size . The beam is adjustable from wide and diffuse to narrow and focused . You can also remove the lens and it becomes omnidirectional , perfect when you 're in a tent . The holster keeps it within reach at all times , instead of feeling around on the ground in the dark for it . I use it a lot more than my larger maglight for just this reason . The batteries last a lot longer than in other brands of small flashlights , and you get considerably more light as well . A must own for any outdoors fan , and a bargain as well .
 This is my third LED Maglite . My family and friends keep sneaking off with them because they 're so useful and bright . I keep my LED Maglite in my messenger bag at all times . I like to be prepared , and this flashlight is very compact.The flashlight casing is 100 % aluminum . It definitely feels solid , and can survive a nasty drop or two ... or six ... or twenty . The lens is slightly recessed and is plastic , but it has n't cracked on me yet . The LED itself is n't replaceable like other non-LED Maglite bulbs - but LEDs last thousands of hours longer than traditional bulbs . I would n't worry about needing to replace it . If there 's a problem , Maglite provides a limited lifetime warranty.The beam is surprisingly powerful . I 've been able to see things more than 150 feet away with ease with this little flashlight . I have n't had a need/opportunity to test it at longer distances , but it can allegedly cast light up to about 300 feet.There are also four modes - high-power beam , low-power beam , strobe , and SOS . I have n't really needed the last two modes , but I find myself switching between high and low-power on a regular basis , depending on what I 'm doing.Bottom Line : - Extremely durable.-Extremely bright , especially considering it 's small size.-Four different modes.-Limited Lifetime Warranty .
 I got one of these issued at work today because I could n't find my normal use flashlight . I threw out the box immediately so I had to look up the multi mode features online to clarify why the light was doing what it was doing . I really like these features though . The 25 % brightness feature will help if you want to use the light in candle mode as the bare LED is super bright and not suitable for lighting a table if the power goes out . Less bright equals more comfort in those situations . I can see myself using the flash feature as well . You could leave the light outside flashing as a signal if someone was going to your house and could n't find it , for instance . The SOS feature is a neat thing , I suppose , but I hope I never have to use it ! I have a mini mag AA at home with an LED conversion , but this one is much brighter . Same mag quality you expect from their other stuff.If I had to buy this light , I certainly would . I 'm glad work gave me one for free -LRB- go toolroom guys ! -RRB- but I wanted to recommend this product in case anyone is on the fence about it .
 This is one product -LRB- apart from a Swiss Army knife -RRB- that will never fail you.Go ahead and buy it .
 My LED flashlight needs were simple , to me anyway
 This is n't the first Mag light that I 've purchased . They continue to make a sturdy and convenient to use product . It 's just the thing to keep at my bedside .
 This is the sweet spot of flashlights , unless you go for the more compactInova X1DM-HB Dual High/Low Mode LED Flashlight - 1 AA Battery.PROs : * Throws a concentrated beam * Uses AA batteries -- alkaline or rechargeable -LRB- see Note 1 -RRB- * Excellent specifications , fully disclosed -LRB- see Note 2 -RRB- * Good value if you wait for low tide -LRB- under 15 buckss -RRB- * 4 Modes -LRB- bright , low , blink , SOS -RRB- * 18 hours -LRB- or more -RRB- from a set of batteries - Hole for tether or strapCONs : - Wish it had a glass -LRB- scratch resistant -RRB- lens - Warranty does not cover LED burnout or LED module failure . - The twist-on , twist-off , adjust-focus-every-time design is not ideal . - - - Pricing - - - Prices jump around , and vary by color . Low tide is around 15 . There 's an `` Online Price Alert '' that will email you whenever this or any amazon product dips below your target price . Google it . It 's nicely done . - - - Notes - - - Note 1
 Maglite of course always great , but now with this newer version it apparently has different modes . After looking a few places and not seeing how you change the modes I noticed a few posts of people saying how it changes modes after being hit or nudged . It 'll do that only if the battery spring is n't putting enough tension on the batteries . Switching modes is very easy actually , all you 've got to do is turn it on and off and on in a somewhat quick succession . BAM , it 's on full bright then you twist it off then twist it right back on , viola you just went to dim . Do that again and again you will get Blinking and then the SOS blink . After that it 'll go back to bright , just in a sequence of being on/off .
 I have had this for about five months now and so far its holding up good.I tested it with the 2D Maglite and the 4D maglite and there was never any problemsThe snap button has never gotten loose.But when i did receive my package the packaging for it was really greasy .
 Two words
 It is the perfect mini light for the glove compartment , it throws a strong narrow light , a moderately strong diffuse light and it even has a candle light function ! It is lind of sturdy , but heavier than you expect !
 This is a nice little pocket flashlight with the Maglite quality you 'd expect . Also comes with a nylon holster that you can loop onto your belt . But ... - Lacks a one-button on/off switch . You need to twist the head to turn on/off and re-adjust the beam spread each time you use . - Does not come with a lanyard -LRB- but does have a mounting hole on the butt end -RRB- . - Not as bright as the new LED flashlights.Bottom line
 I have heard of MagLite for many years , but never actually own one -LRB- mainly because I 'm too cheap to pay $ 20 + for a flashlight -RRB- . When I found this new version ofMAGLITE SP2201H 2-AA Mini LED Flashlighton sale at my local hardware store , I just ca n't resist it any longer ! Fortunately for me , this turns out to be a great purchase.About the LED : The light source is a Philips Luxeon Rebel LED . It is called a ' 3W LED ' , but that is referring to its PEAK power . For steady-state operation the LED current is limited to 350mA , which means it can only operate at about 1 watt -LRB- 350mA * 3V -RRB- . If you ever try to run this LED at 1000mA current -LRB- 1000mA * 3V = 3W -RRB- , it could burn out within seconds.About the Focusing System : The beam is very bright -LRB- * blindingly * bright at short distance -RRB- but not quite focused . Adjusting the reflector can change the shape of the center bright spot slightly , but does not help much to focus it.About the Power Consumption : This flashlight uses an internal regulator to run the LED on just two AA cells -LRB- unlike most cheap LED flashlights which typically run on three AAA cells -RRB- . The light output is NOT constant when using alkaline -LRB- 1.5 V -RRB- or NiMH -LRB- 1.25 V -RRB- cells . With two fresh alkaline cells , the battery current is about 500mA at 100 % power , 125mA at 25 % power . When the battery voltage drops below 2.5 V approximately , the input power is reduced to conserve energy -LRB- see the Customer Images section for my chart of `` Input Power vs. Battery Voltage '' -RRB- . This is much better than simply dropping dead without warning , as some people have complained in older reviews -LRB- * -RRB- . About the Instructions -LRB- or the lack of it -RRB- : The MagLite I received says `` NEW Multi-Mode Electronic Switch '' on the package -LRB- * -RRB- . It further claims the flashlight can operate in four different modes -LRB- 100 % Power / 25 % Power / Blink / S.O.S. -RRB- However , there were absolutely no instructions on how to activate this `` electronic switch '' . After many attemots , I suspected that my unit must be defective , and was about to return it . But in the process of measuring the battery current -LRB- which makes and breaks contact with battery -RRB- , the LED started blinking ! It finally dawned upon me that the on-off switch is also used to activate different modes : - When the flashlight is first turned on , it starts in 100 % power mode - If you turn off the flashlight and turn it back on within 1-2 seconds , it advances to 25 % power mode . - Following short off/on sequence advances it to ` Blink ' mode and then 'S . O.S ' -LRB- ... -- ... -RRB- mode . - If you turn off the flashlight and wait at least 3 seconds before turning it back on , it starts in 100 % power mode again.Overall , I 'm very impressed by this mini LED flashlight . But I ca n't help wondering
 This is a wonderful light that will fit easily in most purses and has a powerful light for such a small package . Highly recommend .
 This is a very bright light , much brighter than the older incandescent Mini Maglite and very much brighter than a single-LED flashlight I have from Brinkmann and a 9-LED light from Harbor Freight Tools . The illumination pattern is also much smoother , and I like that you can adjust it by rotating the head of the flashlight -LRB- although the range of adjustment is fairly limited compared to the incandescent version -RRB- . I also like the cool white color of the illumination.It is advertised as being a 3 watt LED , so being an engineer , I had to measure it . It draws 370mA of current at 3 volts , so that 's more like 1 watt of actual power dissipation . I guess they rate it compared to the amount of light that would be put out by a 3 watt incandescent bulb . By the way , my old incandescent bulb version of the same Mini Maglite draws 300mA of current , so do n't expect more battery life from the LED version . My Brinkmann and Harbor Freight Tools flashlights draw around 50-60mA , so their batteries last a lot longer at the expense of much less illumination . If you 're concerned about going through batteries , you can use NiMH rechargeable batteries.Overall I 'm very impressed with this little light . It 's a bit longer than the incandescent version but I have n't found that to be a problem.UPDATE 1/11/09
 This is Mag lights best home flashlight . Indestructible , and almost waterproof . It is hard on batteries , but what is n't these days.Bulb will last forever if you are careful with it . Hard to change , but can be done .
 I have found that this is the best price for the best quality !! I do love my belt loop flashlight holder and I do not use a Maglite , I use it with a Streamlight .
 I have depended on these flashlights for so many years ! I worked for years in a job that required a flashlight at least 1/3 of the day . Tried so many different ones . This is the one that suited me best for all I had to do . Nothing lasts forever but I can honestly say that these bad boys can take severe beatings and continue to work .
 You just ca n't beat a Maglite . This basic flashlight has a lot of features , SOS , strobe and hi/low settings . Being LED , it will not burn up batteries very quickly .
 Great product , leather is durable and withstands a ton of use . Only dislike would be the ring is made of a cheap plastic . Its gets the job done but personally id rather see a stronger material used . Just a preference .
 this flashlight and holster combo is great . it is powerful and the holster keeps it in place . i was worried that since there was no cover the flashlight might fall out when attached to my duty belt , but it doesnt go anywhere . cant be beat for the price
 I have a 12 year old niece and she needed a flashlight of her own . I was lucky enough to be able to make the buy , I love to purchase gadgets . I knew she would love a purple flashlight and decided on a classic Maglight . I bought the accesory pack and rechargable batteries for it also , she took the light camping , used the heck out of it , and now keeps it in her little red survival bucket .
 I found it works pretty good , But if you forget to take the Flashlight out of it before you sit down -LRB- whether in a car or your couch -RRB- it 's going to be a little painful.lol But that being said it was worth the money !!
 Received my Mag Lite quickly . I find this product excellent . Well constructed and long lasting . I wish that batteries lasted longer , but we ca n't have every thing . Great size for walking my dogs at night .
 My work went through a blackout recently and this definitly would have handy at the time . This is one of the brightest flashlights I 've seen . The price was also lower than I 've seen anywhere else .
 If you only have one hand-held flashlight , THIS is the one you want ! The LED mini-maglite will light up my entire back yard . Plus , if you turn it on and off quickly , if goes to half power to save battery life . If you turn it on/off a second time it flashes , like an emergency beacon , then on/off a third time and it flashes SOS . Unbelievable ! I love mine !
 What more can I say - It ' a a MagLite & it works in Sub-Zero Deg F - > `` no surprise '' . A few suggestions for the unknowing on the use of the MODES : Full Power
 The SP2201H is an LED upgrade of the former incandeecent Mini Maglite.The LED beam is very bright and adjustable by turning the head .
 Got this for my maglite , since I am a security officer , I needed something big to protect myself . I bought my maglite at Walmart and went to 3 different walmarts to find a holster and came up empty . I saw one on Target.com for $ 8 . This one was only $ 4 and I got it with free shipping in 2 days ! Got ta love amazon !
 I 've owned a dozen of these small lites over time and they 're great as hunting lights to get to the tree stand as well as going from the garage to the house late at night . Awesome power from such a small light .
 I purchased this flashlight for my car . It is very small and easy to store and is very bright . It will come in handy when I am on the road .
 This is exactly what I was looking for to hold my 2 d cell mag lite hooks on a standard belt or a duty belt !!
 Very convenient for my maglight , Well worth the money , easy to use on any pants , holds my flashlight solid as a rock , worth the investment
 the perfect and right accesorie for your mag lantern . Do not hesitate to buy it , it is the most usefull accesorie that you must always have to enjoy and use your lantern . the quality is great and made of very resistant materials .
 Must have had a bad production run of these . The first two had a defective snap . Very pleased with the third one . The snap works properly . It keeps my Maglite ready and waiting for when I need light .
 Hey , for all you people reading this out there ! If your looking for a Mini Flashlight , then there 's no better product then this ! I give this product 5 stars because of it 's quality , size , durability , and it 's Lightweight ! It 's great for lighting up those dark spots where you cant see . Also a great present for kids !
 I ca n't reiterate enough what the other reviewers have said about the mini-mag Light . I own about 4 or 5 of these things and they are great . I have previously owned maybe 15 to 20 other plastic flashlights in the past and all have bit the dust . Broken case is the number 1 reason due to a drop or being stepped on . For some other reason , these others have crummy switches which fail easily . NOT THE MAG LIGHT . The switch is simple and tough -LRB- I know since I 've taken it apart -RRB- The battery life is great , the case is highly durable . I love the candle mode -LRB- i.e. take the head off completely -RRB- I have also mixed and matched parts from different colors to make mine unique . My 3 year old son loves his and it is easy for him to turn on or off . He is really rough with his toys , but has never stopped the mini mag . -LRB- Warning - kids do like to take the head of the light off which exposes the lamp . If the lamp breaks , then it could be dangerous to them . -RRB- Finally , the spare bulb in the tail piece is awesome , very handy . When I replace the bulb -LRB- which is needed sometimes -RRB- I always make sure there is a good spare in the tail piece . I could go on and on . If you 're looking for a cool gift , or need some extra light , buy a few of them . They are the best .
 I have been a fan of MAGLITE products for years . It 's the quality of the machined aluminium cases . I had been thinking about upgrading some of my MAGLITEs to LED when this AA LED MAGLITE became available . It is slightly longer than the non LED AA MAGLITE . The LED is much brighter than the incandescent version and has much whiter light . In fact it is so bright in comparison that I think a 25 % power mode or even variable power would be a good idea . It does n't focus as well as the incandescent MAGLITE but it is still much brighter so this is n't really an issue . I think this product is extremely good value for the level of light output . I believe a LED conversion kit of similar quality would cost about as much . You can drop it and it still works . I have dropped mine twice by accident with no ill effect . I think MAGLITE have done a good job with LED technology . The LED AA MAGLITE is a big advance over the incandescent version and easily worth the extra money . There is also a 3xAA version which I am told is much brighter . I wanted one to keep in my pocket so I preferred the shorter version . The 3xAA may suite other people better .
 I was caught by surprise by the illuminating power of this little Mag Lite . Originally , I thought it 'd only be good in a pinch if the power went out in the house in the middle of the night -LRB- being a California resident , I 'm all too familiar with blackouts -RRB- . However , I discovered that the light beam has a significantly longer range than I originally anticipated -- that tiny little bulb puts out an unbelievable amount of candle power for its size ! Now I know it 's good to go both inside and out!The on-off switch is as easy as a turn of the flashlight 's head . Turn it further and you can make the beam as wide or as narrow as you need . Or twist the head completely off , and you 've got the ` candle ' mode mentioned in the item description . Not only is this good for illuminating a fairly large area , it 's also a safer alternative at those candlelight vigil memorials!Unfortunately , I ca n't personally vouch for the toughness and durability of this product-I handle my mini Mag with as much care as possible , and I 've yet to drop it on any kind of hard surface . You 'll have to read the testimonials of the other Amazonians regarding this nifty little illuminator if you want to know about it 's ability to endure the worst a person can dish out!One drawback
 I could n't imagine my life without this flashlight -LRB- and a Leatherman -RRB- . When I work as an occasional camera assistant on commercials and films , the maglite is the perfect size for checking the gate , cleaning equipment , or even walking around in dark forests looking for the leading actress.I will take some paper tape and wrap it around the tail end of the barrel providing a soft grip that my teeth can sink into . All too often I 'll be in an awkward position , reach back with my right hand to the holster , whip out the torch , twist it on , and stick it into my mouth in one smooth motion.Each torch comes with its own replacement bulb , conveniently `` hidden '' in the tail spring . It 's so well insulated that dropping the maglite onto hard rock while running wo n't break the spare -LRB- though the current bulb may not fare quite so well -RRB- . There are also professional -LRB- and online do-it-yourself -RRB- conversions to replace the bulb with a gallium-based LED bulb , the kind that never burn out , are thrice as bright , and use half the battery power . You can use the standard white color , or red or dark green LEDs for `` night-vision . '' I have n't done this yet myself , although there 's no fear of making a mistake . I own a silver , blue , red , forest green , and dark blue AA lite , a mini-Mag AAA for the house/car keys , and a D-cell large maglite for checking around the house , or keeping in the car on long trips.You can twist off the head , exposing the bulb entirely while it 's `` burning . '' This is called candle-mode . By hanging the light from the tail loopholder , you can have an omni-directional light that 's bright enough to put away equipment under . Several of these strung about brightens the room even more so . If you 're into focus pulling , I use this for critical focusing , should the need arise . Have someone hold the torch in candle-mode by the subject , and you can focus on the filament for a precise setting.These things are heavy duty and are n't made of joke materials like plastic and rubber . The Mag is the way to go .
 I have used MagLite flashlights of various sizes for 15 years and always found them to be very well-made , durable and dependable . I also have a 5 watt Surefire flashlight and a 1 watt LED flashlight that is similar in design to the Mini-Maglite . I have also used a MiniMaglite LED upgrade module -LRB- not made by MagLite -RRB- - which did not perform to my expectations.I recently purchased the 3 watt LED Mini-Maglite and am very impressed with it . It is very bright - at least 3x as bright as the 1 watt MiniMag clone that I have . It is not as bright as my 5 watt Surefire tactical flashlight , but I would n't want it to be . 3 watts is great for a general purpose flashlight . In short , the Mini-Maglite LED has exceeded my expectations.The only negative that I have is that it took so long for MagLite to make their LED flashlights available . Other LED flashlights have been available for several years and it was beginning to look like MagLite was n't going to develop any LED products - I 'm glad they did because this is a great little flashlight .
 I love this thing . I 'm not a hardcore tool guy but this little light is incredibly handy . It 's beam is brighter and has a sharper focus than you 'd expect form a flashlight this size . It weighs next to nothing which means it 's easy to hold in your teeth when you do n't have a free hand.If it 's any testament to how great these lights are , I 've had three of them `` borrowed '' from me and never returned.This light and my Leatherman are just about the only tools I ever need .
 Good deal with the holder , it 's nylon and holds the minilite very snug , no fear of it falling out . Flashlite is the quality I expect from MAGLITE . Solid , weighted just enough and the beam of light is so focused . It 's very powerful for a small flashlight . We have one at home and one in each of our cars .
 Nothing to be said really , one of the best flashlights out there . High Intensity Light Beam 1/2 turn , cam action focus , spot to flood , Candle Mode -LRB- Remove flashlight head and place it on the tail of the light , then stand the light upright -RRB- Spare lamp safely secured in the tail cap , High strength aluminum alloy case , O-ring sealed for water resistance , Lifetime Maglite Warranty . Would recommend .
 I bought a big 3D LED maglite as well with this one . Now I dont even know why I bought it because this little guys is almost just is bright ! Amazing how far technology has come . Love this flash light .
 Till now , I have been making do with MiniMags with various LED drop-ins , and the 3 D cell Mag , whch are excellent lights . The 3D always was too large , heavy , and awkward , though.Despite an almost pathological negativity by some flashlight `` experts '' against MagLite products , for the past 35 years , I have found mine rugged , reliable , and rather good-looking . I really did n't need a new flashlight , but just recently , I decided to see what all the yelling was about , and purchased the LED version of the MiniMag light.Scary bright ! an excellent light-weight light , nearly as bright as the 3D as it comes from the package , and the low mode is very handdy.I feel the additional strobe and SOS modes , -LRB- probably done with an eye to the competition -RRB- are of very little practical usefulness , except in extreme and rare circumstances , but the two lighting levels are nice . ** UPDATE ** after some use . I immediately put a Terralux tailcap switch on my MiniMag LED , something I feel the factory should do , and it cycled through the modes without a hiccup ... for about a week . Then it would go to automatic low mode when I lit it up . So , back to the original Mag tailcap , and the light works without a problem . I have never found MagLite 's focusing ability to be a necessary feature , though.I do n't know yet if the durability will match my older , regular MiniMags , but judging from past experience , it will be excellent.Recommended
 Works great , very bright light , led not bulb so should last a long time . good lens and best of all has 4 position switch for flashing light . flash SOS or pulse . Would buy again . Fast delivery . Good price .
 This is a good product . I own a few others of this exact product and I really like them . My fiance wanted one of her own so I got her this one . It is much better than the little cheap China-made ones .
 Definitely a good buy for times when you need light -LRB- or torch -RRB- while walking around the city in the dark . It 's produces a strong light considering the size , which is maybe about 1 foot in length . Heavy , but durable . I did not need to change the 2 AA batteries over 7.5 months . The light also comes with an extra lightbulb built into the flashlight in the case that the lightbulb burns out . The holster was unnecessary , in my opinion .
 This was a Christmas gift for a 3-year-old that wanted a flashlight like Daddy 's ! He loves it and the case is a nice touch .
 I had originally intended to buy this belt loop to hang my carabiner full of keys . I was getting tired of ripping my jeans ' and shorts ' belt loops clean off of the pants themselves , so I bought this to move the load onto the belt instead . They 're great for that purpose , as the plastic ring is very durable and the leather , which appears real , is sturdy . My keys hang a little lower now , but I 'd rather have them jingle and jangle around my leg instead of ruining my pants.I also have D-cell Maglites , and it works great for those as well.Overall , this is a sturdy product . You really ca n't quite go wrong with it .
 this light is pretty siick ... i bought it bcuz i am going to camp in like 2 weeks ... and i heard that mag-light is a good brand so i decided to get this ... it looks nice and the light is a nice white beam
 I bought this light to replace my battery hungry Surefire light in my EDC -LRB- every day carry -RRB- kit . Prior to buying I did some research and my choice came down to this light for the following reasons .1 -RRB- Battery life
 I ca n't say enough about these little lights . They are tough so you do n't have to worry about them breaking if they are bumped or dropped . The lifgt beam is very bright I use it all the time . Good product at a good price ca n't beat that combination .
 It 's the perfect flashlight . It 's small and handy . I bought it for my husband to take to work and it fits on his belt . It 's a very bright light .
 MagLites have never been fabulous flashlights . This has n't changed . What you get here is good value at $ 16 . Mag gives you a modest size package that takes a very common cell size -LRB- AAx2 -RRB- . Is metal thus reasonably durable and water resistant . Has a fairly good LED in the current generation MagLite , a Luxeon Rebel -LRB- last generation MagLites had a terrible LED -RRB- . The Luxeon Rebel is old technology , and not up to the standards of a modern CREE in efficiency or output . The LED 's output is good for what it is , and a nice neutral white with a usable beam . The modes are a nice touch
 Update
 I really like this little mag-lite . It is a perfect size to keep in my pocket , or in my glove box and is plenty bright for my needs.You just ca n't beat the quality of MAG-LITE !
 Over the years , doodles on the Google homepage have made searching on Google more fun and enjoyable for its users worldwide . When doodles were first created , nobody had anticipated how popular and integral they would become to the Google search experience . Nowadays , many users excitedly anticipate the release of each
 I have a full sized Maglite that is just plain awesome ! I bought this small one for a friend who likes purple stuff and she loved it .
 A great product for the price . I have had these in the past and have found them highly useful . This will be helpful when I am doing my volunteer work .
 For my use this works great . So far I have n't had any issue getting the light it in or out , it does hit the on button sometimes and makes the light flash when you pull it out.I have n't broken it in yet , and the button to close it is very tight , it takes a really firm tug to open it , I assume it will eventually get easier , if not too easy to open.If you pack a flashlight every day you might want one deigned for that , but if your like me and just pack it on your person occasionally -LRB- camping trips , hunting , fishing ... -RRB- this works fine .
 This flashlight is just what I was looking for to go in my backpack . I think everyone could use a small but bright flashlight . If you have ever walk up to a dark door and need light to find the key hole . With this flashlight never again .
 After having several other LED flashlights all I can say is this one takes the prize , and is the best I 've found . It has all the battery and light life that you would expect from this technology with the build and focus-ability you would expect from MAG . Most other LED flashlights are only good for close range situations , while this one does both close range and long range thanks to MAG 's twist focus capability . So get this one , even if it 's a couple of bucks more.It 's also nice that it 's made in the USA .
 Mag Lite holds an industry standard that speaks for itself . Amazon just gets them to the consumer at a cheap price !
 I 've dropped my Maglite onto hard floors , submerged it in water , and subjected it to the abuses of a tornadic four year old . The all metal -LRB- not plastic ! -RRB- case is nearly indestructible . Both ends are threaded and are fitted with snug o-rings to protect the innards from rain , humidity , and submersion . The lens housing twists to adjust the focus of the beam and comes off to allow it to be used as a candle -LRB- handy for nights in a tent or during a power outage -RRB- . In addition , an extra bulb resides in the base !
 It 's just a flashlight , no big deal , but it 's PURPLE and it 's a Maglite . I have four of them in different sizes , and I 've never had one fail .
 I gave this as a gift to a friend . He is happy and so am I.
 I keep this in my globe box for emergencies , additional to my 3 D 's maglite . They are really useful and tough
 It carries a D cell flashlight well . What more can be said .
 Its built tough and the light is plenty bright . Great flash light for under 10 bucks . The battery life is great as well . Had it for almost a year with regular use . No need to replace yet
 The title is self describing . It works like its supposed too . It fits on my duty belt and holds my mag light . Only thing I did n't like is that the ring that holds the light is plastic . I thought it eould be metal but I guess if it was it would scratch the light when you take it out .
 This nice item is a must for your Mag.Plus , it doubles for a key chain holder if you rock those mountain climber rope clippy things for your keys , like millions of people and I do.Get one . What 's five bucks?Nothing . The damn Sunday paper costs more nowadays .
 Great flashlight , It remember me when I was young . I did the purchase for a experiment , hoping led Maglite exists .
 This holder is great to have on your belt ! You never know when you might have to have your maglite with ya !!!
 This maglite holder is great for the worker that carries a maglite . As I gave it to my Husband and now he has something secure to hold his flashlight without worrying about it dropping while working .
 This is a must have item if you need to carry your MagLite with you while you 're working . The only down side to its design is the weight of the 6D cell MagLite will eventually cause the snap holding the together to fail.It will take a lot of abuse before it does fail and it sure beats holding the flashlite all night long .
 I have several of these Mini MagLites . They 're solid , well-made , great little flashlights , with extra features
 I bought this light for use here in Iraq , It fits perfectly in the Molle vest loops and has a nice bright light that has been used to blind unexpecting people in the night , when they do n't comply . It 's that bright . You can get brighter but not better .
 i needed to buy anotherone cause mine was stollen ... so i knew i could n't go out without one of this ... is very usefull and by the way is very practical to have one in the purse , in your car , in your kitchen cabinet ... any place , cause you never know ... !!!
 I was given this light by my brother and it works great . The casing is very strong and duriable , and the flashlight is very bright for it 's small size . You can still even see the beam in a well lit room.The only reason I 'm bothering to put in a review is to give a word of warning . While deffinately better than any other flashlight of this size I 've had , the on/off switching method is n't perfect . The regular Maglights are said to have superior switches that do not fail as is so common with a regular flashlight . However the Double A Battery Mags have a different type of on/off switch . With this type of switch you screw the head in or out to turn the light on . This switching method is not perfect because you also adjust the focus of the beam with by twisting the head as well.The problem my little Mag has is that at the tightest focus , the head is rather loose on the casing and can rock back and forth . This rocking can cause the flashlight to shut on and off when the head pushes against the off switch/lighting assembly . Most of the time when I 'm using a flashlight , I want the strongest beam/tightest focus , and it can be a bit bothersome to jiggle the head so the light remains on.This thing is still better than any other mini flashlight I 've ever seen , but I just wanted to let those of you looking know that it 's still not perfect.I 'd recomend you get one anyway .
 IT 'S AN AMAZING FLASHLIGHT FOR THE SIZE . IT HAS THE LITE INTENSITY OF A ORDINARY TWIN D-CELL FASHLIGHT AND WILL LAST EVEN LONGER . THE ABILITY TO ADJUST THE BEAM IS FANTASTIC AND IT 'S SMALL SIZE MEANS I CAN CARRY IT WITH ME CONSTANTLY . HIGH QUALITY AND VALUE FOR THE BUCK ARE IT 'S BEST POINTS .
 I was a bit hesitant in purchasing a Mini Maglite LED flashlight because of the problems with the first version such as mediocre battery life similar to incandescent Maglites and sudden cutoff of light when the battery is low.As I was looking around my local retailer one day I noticed some LED mini Maglites with new packaging that were different from the others on the shelf , so I did some research online and it was due to a newer revision of the LED Maglite . The reviews from users online on the newer version seemed positive so I decided to purchase the new version -LRB- SP2201HJ -RRB- to try out . Well I am fairly satisfied with the second revision because it addresses most of the problems with the first revision . Most noticeably : - The old Luxeon LED emitter has been replaced with the newer , more efficient Rebel LED from Lumileds , so they produce a bit more light and less heat . - The LED driver now has 4 modes of operation
 To start , I 'm a tradesmen who has to carry his lifelines on his belt . Not only on the job , but I 'm also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . Every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seems to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall saying something is on fire or wo n't open all the way . And the Mini Mag is the universal flashlight . It 's sold everywhere , including this fine site and even family stores , and despite its legendary quality and design , is at the most ten dollars with included holster . I prefer the classic AA design , where CA N'T you find AAs ? I 've used one of these on my belt for about four years . It 's an excellent tool , and I 've never had one wear out on me . The bulbs , however , are the Achilles heel . The rest of the flashlight is military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . But these dang bulbs go orange after a couple weeks and last a couple months of casual use . I was considering shelling out forty bucks for a small LED , just to save the money on bulbs.Then , walking through a sports outlet , I passed the flashlight section . And next to the usual Mini Mag with holster , which I own close to six of , was a Nite Ize accessory designed for this same flashlight . An LED bulb . Now , I 've seen these online for about twenty to thirty bucks , and this is a ten dollar flashlight ! But this one just sitting around on a shelf was eight bucks , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . What the heck , I got one . To quote another review , my trusty old Mag is now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . And LEDs , as all Mag-haters know , do n't burn out or even go out when bumped.So , for a total of twenty bucks , you get an American-quality LED beam that competes and plain out whips fifty-dollar imports with plastic casings . I would n't recomend this flashlight if there was n't there was a way to fix its biggest flaw . Just get your hands on this LED adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . Replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulbs into powder . You wo n't be needing them , ever again . There 's also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that includes a push-button adapter if you 've ever wished you could tap a red button on the end instead of twisting it on and off . I have n't tried it , but it comes with the LED , and for eight bucks?And hey , the flashlight itself comes in six different colors . These things are easily replaced if one gets banged up or your room-mate/girlfriend draws all over it with Sharpie while she 's on the phone . I 've had these work perfectly even they have been through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . Just take the LED out and put it in the new one , those bulbs last forever . And now , so will this flashlight .
 The name Maglite has always been known as the industry standard . Do not waste your time on cheap flashlights , spend the money on this min led flashlight and you will always have a dependable flashlight on you . Women can use in their purse or bag , especiall at night to see car locks or house locks or problems at night . This flashlight is not only for men , keep it in your office drawer in case of power failures or at home or in your car .
 This is the best , most usable flashlight I 've ever used.GET A BRIGHT COLOR OR SILVER SO YOU CAN FIND IT IN THE DARK.Significant advantages over cheap throw-away lights : - aluminum construction makes it durable and beautiful . - great size for the hand - relatively light weight -LRB- but heavier than cheap plastic lights ! -RRB- - Extra bulb held within the flashlight ! - Takes two common AA batteries - Candle function . NEAT ! - focusable beam changes from wide to narrow and bright . - comes with a durable cloth holster.This is my flashlight of choice for around the house , toolbox , camping , and emergency kit . It 's tough , reliable , and looks pretty nice too . I do not recommend the camo design - it can be easy to lose if you drop it outside !
 Maglite has made some welcome updates in their mini flashlight . This is a great LED flashlight for $ 18 including the batteries . Very bright for the price and Maglite 's great build .
 Finally ! An American made LED flashlight ! This is a great model with several features available only for the LED models . VERY BRIGHT ! Built solid and has the consistent reliabilty of MagLite . Tremendous product !
 I used this light on 2 separate deployments with no issues . It was 100 % reliable , the battery life is great , and it is bright enough for non-tactical light needs -LRB- looking through shipping containers , lighting dark paths , tents , etc -RRB- . I like the new dimming feature , although it took a few minutes to figure out how to use it.It is a little bigger than the original maglite , but still small enough to fit into the lower leg pocket which meant I could easily carry it 24/7 . I do own bigger , brighter , more expensive LED lights ... but the maglite is a great value and you can carry it without needing to worry about messing up something expensive . I have already got my money 's worth out of this and it will probably be around for a long time still .
 I 'm a solider and a correctional officer , I 've been using maglites for years , and have put them through several of the worst kinds of hell.To date after 4 years of * hard * use , abuse , and maltreatment , I 've only managed to kill 2 of the big 4D Maglites , and even then , the lights are mechanically sound , but the damned batteries ended up leaking from getting knocked around too much , and fusing into the case.Any way.It took me three years of solid use , in rain , snow , mud , etc , to kill my last mini mag . When I finally got around to replacing it , I was slightly off-put . If you have n't purchased a mini in a while , you 'll start to wonder why it seems to randomly flicker and strobe . At first , because of how I was handling it , I thought maglite was n't up to their usual standard , and made a flashlight that I could kill in under a week . It turns out that I am wrong . __________________________ By rotating the head , and turning it on , you activate the bright mode . Do it twice , you activate the dim , 3 times , and you activate the strobe . This can be kind of a pain in the ass when you 're using it and it triggers unintentionally , however , this flashlight is otherwise up to maglite 's usual superb standard.Batteries in my experience will last several months with infrequent use . Several weeks with routine/heavy/duty use.Size and durability make this a worthwhile compliance tool in a pinch . __________________________ If you 've never used maglites LED 's or LED upgrades , I suggest it . The LED 's are even built maglite tough , I say this a after having the LED fall out of the assembly of the D-Cell bulb one day -LRB- The actual diode separated from the body of the bulb , and fell out , my inmates were amused . -RRB- . I was able to reinsert , and fix it with superglue . Worked fine for about a year after that until I finally managed to kill the poor thing for good.There are cheaper lights , There are tougher lights , There are brighter lights , There are longer lasting lights , But you 're not going to find a compact light that is brighter , tougher , longer lasting , or better made at this price point . You 'll have a light source for years , and a handy roller for paracord once you kill it .
 Gift for my Marine son that just deployed to Afghanistan . He loves it and it works great . This is to clip to his gear bag so he always has a light nearby to look for his stuff .
 shipped fast , exactly as described . works great on my duty belt , and even in my civies , wither I am running , walking or sitting it holds fast .
 I love my maglight flashlight . I bought mine id say about a year or so ago . After a few months of use i lost it and thought i had lost it forever . Last month i found it . It was in my woods beside my fireplace wedged in between a rock . It was outside for at least 8 months . It was out there for the whole new england winter and to everyones suprise it still turned on . It works like the day i bought it . If that isnt durable i dont know what durable is . As a matter of fact , its outside right now in my garden . I aciidently threw it in there but i really dont care , it can take it . Its also nice and bright and has good o rings so water isnt a problem . It also has a -LRB- candle Mode -RRB- where you take the top off and its like a floddlight . It does use up battery faster than some flashlights but its such a nice flashlight i dont care . Rechargables would be a good idea . Highly recommended
 Led is so much better & brighter than standard flashlight there is no comparison . Mag-Lite quality only adds value .
 To start , I 'm a tradesmen who has to carry his lifelines on his belt . Not only on the job , but I 'm also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . Every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seems to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall saying something is on fire or wo n't open all the way . And the Mini Mag is the universal flashlight . It 's sold everywhere , including this fine site and even family stores , and despite its legendary quality and design , is at the most ten dollars with included holster . I prefer the classic AA design , where CA N'T you find AAs ? I 've used one of these on my belt for about four years . It 's an excellent tool , and I 've never had one wear out on me . The bulbs , however , are the Achilles heel . The rest of the flashlight is military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . But these dang bulbs go orange after a couple weeks and last a couple months of casual use . I was considering shelling out forty bucks for a small LED , just to save the money on bulbs.Then , walking through a sports outlet , I passed the flashlight section . And next to the usual Mini Mag with holster , which I own close to six of , was a Nite Ize accessory designed for this same flashlight . An LED bulb . Now , I 've seen these online for about twenty to thirty bucks , and this is a ten dollar flashlight ! But this one just sitting around on a shelf was eight bucks , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . What the heck , I got one . To quote another review , my trusty old Mag is now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . And LEDs , as all Mag-haters know , do n't burn out or even go out when bumped.So , for a total of twenty bucks , you get an American-quality LED beam that competes and plain out whips fifty-dollar imports with plastic casings . I would n't recomend this flashlight if there was n't there was a way to fix its biggest flaw . Just get your hands on this LED adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . Replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulbs into powder . You wo n't be needing them , ever again . There 's also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that includes a push-button adapter if you 've ever wished you could tap a red button on the end instead of twisting it on and off . I have n't tried it , but it comes with the LED , and for eight bucks?And hey , the flashlight itself comes in six different colors . These things are easily replaced if one gets banged up or your room-mate/girlfriend draws all over it with Sharpie while she 's on the phone . I 've had these work perfectly even they have been through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . Just take the LED out and put it in the new one , those bulbs last forever . And now , so will this flashlight .
 To start , I 'm a tradesmen who has to carry his lifelines on his belt . Not only on the job , but I 'm also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . Every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seems to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall saying something is on fire or wo n't open all the way . And the Mini Mag is the universal flashlight . It 's sold everywhere , including this fine site and even family stores , and despite its legendary quality and design , is at the most ten dollars with included holster . I prefer the classic AA design , where CA N'T you find AAs ? I 've used one of these on my belt for about four years . It 's an excellent tool , and I 've never had one wear out on me . The bulbs , however , are the Achilles heel . The rest of the flashlight is military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . But these dang bulbs go orange after a couple weeks and last a couple months of casual use . I was considering shelling out forty bucks for a small LED , just to save the money on bulbs.Then , walking through a sports outlet , I passed the flashlight section . And next to the usual Mini Mag with holster , which I own close to six of , was a Nite Ize accessory designed for this same flashlight . An LED bulb . Now , I 've seen these online for about twenty to thirty bucks , and this is a ten dollar flashlight ! But this one just sitting around on a shelf was eight bucks , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . What the heck , I got one . To quote another review , my trusty old Mag is now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . And LEDs , as all Mag-haters know , do n't burn out or even go out when bumped.So , for a total of twenty bucks , you get an American-quality LED beam that competes and plain out whips fifty-dollar imports with plastic casings . I would n't recomend this flashlight if there was n't there was a way to fix its biggest flaw . Just get your hands on this LED adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . Replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulbs into powder . You wo n't be needing them , ever again . There 's also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that includes a push-button adapter if you 've ever wished you could tap a red button on the end instead of twisting it on and off . I have n't tried it , but it comes with the LED , and for eight bucks?And hey , the flashlight itself comes in six different colors . These things are easily replaced if one gets banged up or your room-mate/girlfriend draws all over it with Sharpie while she 's on the phone . I 've had these work perfectly even they have been through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . Just take the LED out and put it in the new one , those bulbs last forever . And now , so will this flashlight .
 This flashlight is the perfect blend of power , performence , and toughness . My Maglite took a couple hard falls-the diffrence-nothing . The holster is very handy and tough and wont rip easily . The spare bulb in the end of the flashlight just adds to its brilliance.The light of this flashlight is more powerful than some flashlights twice its size . I have tried other Brand-Named flashlights but none equaled this Maglite . You 'd buy it if your smart .
 I use this with the electronics systems I work on . coupled with the starter kit -LRB- mostly the red lens attachment -RRB- it comes in highly useful . The multi mode is highly effective and allows the flashlight to be used in multiple different kinds of scenarios . I do n't go much of anywhere without it
 product arrived fast and protected well.I will for sure do business again . flashlight is actually brighter than my maglite 2 d cell . I will be ordering the led upgrade to increase the brightness even more .
 This is a short Maglite . I leave it in the glove box of the car . It works great . I have had it over a year and each time I 've used it the light has worked fine . It is not a large beam of light ; but for looking at small things up close it works fine .
 I am happy with this flashlight it is bright solid craftsmanship and sense it is a led I am thinking the batters will last for a long time to
 I ordered the maglight with holster for aa friend and liked it so much I just ordered one for myself.Robert Amos
 My old 2-AA cell maglite finally stopped working after 20 years due to batteries that leaked inside . After checking flashlight forums and numerous reviews , I decided to stick with Maglite and buy a new 2-AA cell model with a LED light . It works as advertised , and all of my Maglite accessories work perfectly with it . I 'm a happy customer and would replace it if lost or stolen , and I 'll be more careful in the future with batteries so I do n't have any further problems .
 their are flashlights and then their are maglites . the beam on this is VERY bright and white/natural . the method to switch between modes takes a little time to get used to but i like it now . focusing the beam of the LED is a little different than a classic maglite . nice quality and look .
 I bought this for my security job and it makes carrying my 3D maglite easier especially while carrying 3 sets of keys .
 Great for a belt tool and daily use . Needs a rubber bottom for when you need to put it in your mouth when working so you do n't chip a tooth . The 3 watt led bulb is very bright .
 Got this at Wally World for a little more than Amazon -LRB- last minute buy -RRB- for a camping trip . Boy am I glad I bought this ! Half our group was separated from us during the trip to the camp site and it was late . Luckily I was the only person in our party that had any light for the first night and I used this to collect wood for a fire and got a fire going . Tons of use for two batteries and extremely bright and powerful for it 's size .
 A little bit bigger than i expected , that 's the reason why i 'm giving it 4 stars
 I was taking part in a filmmaking seminar in Maine , and everyone had two tools
 love my little mag .
 Maglite flashlights are renowned for their top-notch quality , their waterproof / water resistant design , and their extremely durable and corrosion-resistant aircraft grade aluminum casing . The Maglite AA Mini Flashlight -LRB- model
 Great little flashlight . Good weight to it . Fits in glove compartment , tool box , kitchen drawer . Purchased one for everyone in my family . They were , `` that 's nice '' , until they needed some light . All are very happy they have it .
 We 've got several maglites . We keep them in our emergency kits in the car , in a few rooms in the house in case of power failure , and we like to pack the mini when we travel . Maglites are durable and dependable , they are pretty much the only flashlights I will buy.The Mini Lights put out a good amount of light and are good to have around when hooking up stereos or the times when there is a power outage .
 Bought 4 of these as stocking stuffers and did n't realize what a hit they would be . We have them tucked in glove boxes in our cars , tool boxes , kitchen drawers . Just small enough to fit into small storage areas but not so small they get lost . The light produced is great . A very handy tool that I bought on a lark and would not be without now .
 When I received it , I quickly opened it up and popped the batteries in . The intensity of this flashlight amazes me when compared to Maglites of comparable sizes . It is able to compete with the 3D Mag , too ! I am planning to upgrade the 3D to a LED bulb because of this flashlight . It certainly is an improvement over the standard 2AA krypton Maglite . It has `` dark spots '' but not the kind that the regular Mag does . The beam is pretty round -LRB- a perfect circle , unlike the regular one -RRB- and has a bright spot in the center . The focus can be adjusted to make the center wider or more focused . Other than that , it 's not really focusable much . \ Overall , a great buy for the money . Handy , and bright !
 Very bright little flashlight . Nice little pouch with it fits almost anywhere but is as bright as a larger flash light . Still using initial batteries have had for 2 + months .
 High quality construction . Bright for its size and reasonable battery usage for type of flashlight . What more can you ask for , considering the price ?
 Very well built as with all MAGLITE products.Very bright with those LEDsIts however a little longer than I thought it would be . But I would highly recommend this product
 This item is really well made and works great.Powerful beam and easy to use.Pros
 How does one get through a power outage without a mini Mag in candle mode ? Easily lights a small kitchen enough to cook by . And the size of this little light means you can store one in every utility drawer and cabinet in the house . Plus , a battery size everyone seems to have on hand . -LRB- And the spare bulb in the cap feels like a luxury until it becomes a necessity ; then it 's genius . -RRB-
 Perfect , I have a 4D cell maglight , fits perfect . Slides in and out with no hangups . Great for holding it while walking the dog and always on your side when you need it .
 As always , mag lite delivered a quality , stable and well built product . The mechanism for turning the light on and off is tight , the finish is perfect , and the holster works well .
 Fantastic little flashlight , just what you would expect from Maglite . Small enough to fit in an emergency kit or household toolbox , yet bright enough to fix a leaking sink at midnight with the power off .
 light weight . . fits in my jean 's pocket sideways ... perfect for walks at night with our dog ... puts off enough light ... would like more but it 's enough .
 I bought this for my 6d Maglite and it holds just fine . The ring is made of plastic but does n't have but bend or flex so I do n't thing it 'll break anytime soon .
 I have always loved Maglites flashlights since I was a kid . They have never failed or left me disappointed.They may not be the brightest flashlight on the market , but for the price you are paying , you are getting a quality built flashlight.I 've got 3 of these , 1 black , and 2 red . I keep my black one in my tool box which is perfect for under the sink jobs or in tight spaces . My 2 other red ones are in my 2 First Aid Kits . Red fits the color in those and it 's always nice to know that I have a trusted light on stand by in an emergency.For $ 8 , you get the flashlight , a belt clip , an extra bulb , and 2 -LRB- either Duracell or Energizer -RRB- name brand batteries . This is a great , inexpensive deal.Highly recommended for anyone and everyone at this price !
 I love Mag lights and they make great products for general usage . If you are looking for something for your emergency kit this would be a great buy .
 I 'll say this first
 this flashlight is great it lasts forever ! sturdy and bright , it also doesnt suck the life out of batteries like many do . it takes 2 double a batteries . i have a red , light blue , purple and a black one and they have been amazing to have when camping , around the house and in the car . small and lightweight yet extremely durable . made out of metal that doesnt rust and the colors are beautiful , i hope you enjoy
 Great flashlight , LED technology is the way to go nowadays as far as lifespan , vibration resistance , etc. . . MagLite has been my choice for many years as I grew up using these in my household . This has SOS strobe , low power function , etc. . . I do n't really use that but it 's cool if YOU do .
 It 's a Maglite , and it lives up to the reputation of its American brand . It 's solidly built and works well . This thing will probably last a lifetime.Scroll through the color options because you may be able to find the same flashlight for nearly half the price in a different color . I purchased it with the `` MAGLITE AM2A016 Mini AA Flashlight Accessory Pack '' so that I could attach the red filter and use it for stargazing .
 I 've had 4 of these over the last ten years . Two of them are still going strong , of the other two , one was lost & the other broke -LRB- I kept it for spare parts -RRB- . Of course the current LED technology blows away the traditional bulb but their durability , ease of use and availability & affordability of parts & upgrades makes for a quality , highly adaptable flashlight . I 've never used the ` candle ' mode but it 's good to know it 's there if I ever need it . To this day , I carry one on both tool belts , my ` regular ' , all-purpose belt and my heavier , framing-rig belt . This flashlight is a staple in the trades , law enforcement , engineering and everything in-between . The LED upgrade for this is ok but it 's almost cheaper to just buy a Mag LED flashlight except that it 'd be a shame to throw away this light because we bought the LED one , imho . The sheath is durable but lacks a way of securing the tool so that it does n't slip out and my biggest complaint is that I have to really tighten the head OFF to keep it from spinning ON when I sit down and/or brush it up against a wall every so often . I bought the accessory kit for this early on but it 's nothing special . I 'm waiting for these to burn out or break before I buy the LED version , judging by my experience w / these , I 'm going to wait for long time .
 Its a excelent product and I 'm happy to have one for me . Easy to use and very funtional . I recommend .
 I ordered one of these about a year ago for my husband who was working for an auto shop at the time . This flashlight has taken a serious beating and still works just as well as the day I bought it . Maglite makes the most durable flashlights in the industry at a price that wo n't break the bank . We 're very pleased with this purchase !
 My first impression of this product was how durable it is . In fact , I found it at a summer camp one day , buried in the dirt . I pulled the flashlight out , cleaned it up a bit , and it worked great ! I really like the robust feel of the flashlight . Since the bulb was old , though , it burnt out quickly , but I was able to easily replace it with the one in the tail . Speaking of the bulb , it is quite bright for indoor use . For outdoor use , it is fine if you want to go for a walk , but if you are searching for something , or want to be able to see hundreds of feet , I suggest you purchase an LED flashlight.Overall , I recommend this flashlight for around the house work , or for outdoor activities such as walks , where it is good for it to be durable in the case of drops . If you want improved brightness , there are some LED upgrades for this light that cost about $ 14 , and claim to triple the battery life , such as this one : TerraLUX TLE-5EX MiniStar2 Extreme LED Upgrade for Mini Maglite 2AA Flashlight
 I enjoy playing hide-and-seek with my 6-month old son out in the woods . Sometimes though , he hides so well I ca n't find him , even when it gets dark . Ever since I got this flashlight , it takes me hours , not days to find him . This flashlight has helped me create a bonding father-son relationship .
 I am in the process of building a new deck . I purchased the Irwin 13 Piece set for this project . I used my impact drill and went through 4 '' of pressure treated lumber in seconds . Drilled many holes and the bits are still like new .
 Came almost a week earlier than predicted by the site . Turned out to be a 15 piece set and got it for $ 15 . Ca n't beat a dollar per bit .
 So excited to have a new set of bits ... so far so good .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 This is a large blue flashlight . Works well and easy to find . Finding the flashlight is important when you need one.I got this for my sister who loves the color blue.This is not the newer led type but it lets you adjust the span of light small or wide beam as the top is turned clockwise or counter clockwise . Nice flashlight.Made well .
 We love Maglites and have a couple of the really big ones . I really like this smaller version as well , and especially like it 's easier to handle size. ,
 Great truck flashlight , very tough and durable , good quality , well built , worth the money liked it cause its not just another black flashlight
 Almost as good as a Streamlight . Rugged , reasonable price and very bright . Great for home and car .
 this is a nice looking shower set , easy install , works great , was a great purchased at a great price
 It 's a little heavy with the batteries but I love this flashlight . It is bright and easy to use . Plus-my cat loves to chase the light across the floor ; every time he hears it click on-he 's right there !
 this truly is a work of art ! the best flashlite money can buy , its been there for me in many dark places . .
 Here are some reasons to purchase this product
 I now own three of these flashlights and I have to say they are the absolute best flashlight I have ever purchased and are well worth the price . Having said that , however , I do have a couple of recommendations . First , if you look at the difference in the price of a red one versus a black one -LRB- the red is half the black -RRB- , I recommend you go with the red . I know the black one must be more poular , but who can tell the difference in the dark anyway ! Second , I recommend that you shop around for a LED upgrade kit for the bulb of your Maglight . Although the newer Xenon lamps in these are better than the old traditional bulbs , they just ca n't deliver the high lumens -LRB- some LED upgrades can deliver 140 lumens -RRB- that an LED can provide . And , if you take my first advice on buying the red flashlight you can upgrade the LED and still spend no more than you would for the black flashlight.These flashlights will provide you years of service and they are nearly indestructible . Highly recommended .
 Great Torch . Its good quality materials make it solid and reliable , I would recommend this torch . Battery life seems to be good too .
 Maglite , best in the business . I have been using Maglites for over 20 years . Only reason I had to replace this one was a battery leaked . The light was still working even with the corroded batteries in side . I own several for many different applications . They are rugged and trustworthy .
 I purchased this flashlight to put in my emergency car kit . I have had Maglites for years and never had one disappoint . They are a bit pricey compared to others but in this case you really get what you pay for . The flashlight is light machined aluminum , precision cut , waterproof and even has a spare bulb in the base . The adjustable beam is great offering flexibility for the situation needed . Simply put if you want a flashlight that you know is going to work when you need it this is the go to brand .
 I have to say I was beginning to think it was going to take MagLITE forever to bring out a LED flashlight . Surefire and Eletrolumens have been out for years with quite reasonable -LRB- and bright -RRB- LED based flashlights , and to be honest , some of their offerings are probably still better than the MagLITE -LRB- a bit brighter , perhaps a bit better on the LED technology -RRB- . But they are also much more expensive . MagLITE , for better or worse , has always been the gold standard . First , you can buy one just about anywhere , parts are readily available , and they are well engineered and made . The switch is easy to use and reliable , and the ability to focus the beam is very good . It does n't weigh a lot for a non-plastic flashlight . Pretty easy to grip , without ripping up your hand . But MagLITE took forever to come out with an LED version . If you 're being honest , there 's two crucial aspects , reasons why you need LED in a flashlight : -LRB- 1 -RRB- They do n't break . If you stumble and drop it , or bump it -LRB- which is going to happen , you 're using a flashlight in usually confined or not lit conditions , so it 's going to get knocked around -RRB- , no problem . No need to replace the bulb -LRB- even if you had one -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- They last longer . You can not always plan how long you are going to need to use the flashlight . LEDs give you 3-10X the battery life.Granted , you lose a few lumens , but LED is definitely the way to go . The MagLITE is ideal for around the home or in the car , well worth the extra money over the plastic variants , and well under the price of the fancier Surefire and Elecktrolumens competitors .
 I bought a -LRB- 4 D-cell MAGLIGHT -RRB- and loved it so much I through out all my old flashlights , and then I bought 6 -LRB- 2 D-cell MAGLIGHT 'S -RRB- to give as Christmas gifes to my family . Thay where not to happy to get a flashlight for Christmas BUT by the following Christmas ALL OF THEM THANKED ME .
 This is the flashlight that everyone should have ... in your car , at your bed , anywhere that scares you . Quality is this product 's middle name ; you can not find better .
 If you want to buy the best flashlight on the market , then the MagLight Flashlight is the one you want to purchase . The beam is very bright and it is adjustable . This flashlight is almost indestructible . My MagLight has been hit , dropped in water , and fallen from the roof of a house and is still working perfectly . It even comes with a lifetime warranty . I have had several flashlights throughout the years , but this is without a doubt the best flashlight I have ever owned .
 The best flashlight in the world . Almost too pretty to bang around the shop . All the pro 's use them -LRB- police , fire , mt rescue etc -RRB- because these things are bullet proof and built to last . From it 's self cleaning switch to it 's on board bulb storage and rubber seals this thing is a work of art.Do yourself a favor and buy a Mag Instrument.Now get out there and light up the night .
 This flashlight will never fail you . Top notch off-on switch . Just be careful not to let the batteries corrode inside the case .
 Always love the maglites ! They are incredibly sturdy and can take a lot of abuse and will still light ! I bought this medium size for a 9 year old boy ... but I have bought the large ones in the past . We have them in the cars and by the beds . They are heavy enough to use as a weapon or to assist in breaking out a window .
 Heavy duty flashlight but easy enough to handle . My new emergency flashlight . The blue color is also snazzy ! Picked up batteries on sale so I 'm ready to go ... lets just keep the emergencies at bay !
 My husband loves Maglite , i bought this one thinking it was the same as his black 1 , and i was surpised that it wasnt as bright . But then i noticed it was n't LED as is his other one . It is still pretty bright and i personally wouldnt have paid an extra $ 8 for LED . so overall happy with it
 I needed a new flashlight for the nightstand and this is a great one . I have the longer one and it was too heavy .
 does what it should , nice color . Had these flash lights before , this is not too big but enough to light the need .
 I wo n't use any flashlight other than MagLite ; I do n't know a Paramedic or Sheriff Officer who carries anything else ! The power of the beam , and the ability to focus it is invaluable . Also , my maglite is indestructable - I 've dropped in ditches , on the concrete , in the toilet :-RRB- , and had just about anything you can imagine spilled or splattered on it , and it always turns on . I have this -LRB- featured -RRB- 2 D-cell in black , and a 2 AA-cell in red that I carry on my belt , plus my ambulance has 2 of the big 4 cell MagLites on it at all times . MagLite is the best in performance , design , and durablity that I have found - and think about it
 What can you say about a MagLite , they 're almost indestructable , very reliable and come with a spare lamp in the back . You are far more likely to have yours stolen or lost than to break it . Heck , you could probably even open coconuts with it !
 Agree with all the comments on durability . Also , buyers should note , that the company believes enough in its products to offer warrantee , replace parts , etc. . This is n't meant to be disposable . They are also smart enough to have made it in multiple colors . Though it is tempting to go for the flat black , having a reflective , bright color helps you find this one in the back seat , tool case a lot faster . Also , this is good gift for the friends , family , business associates . No one was unhappy to receive one of these .
 Hey all you people out there that are looking for a great , useful , and durable flashlight ! This is the one that you are looking for ! it comes in a nice color with style ! and is very resistant to most damaging collisions ! It can also change its light concentration to wide to narrow and also has a candle mode which is very hefty when it comes it sticky situations . this flashlight is by far the best i ever had and will ever have ! its virtually undestructable and keeps on working ! and it comes with a spare lightbulb which is cool ! i highly recommend this flashlight to anyone ! this one is the one to buy ! or you can get its relatives which come in different colors and sizes . the price is just right for such a great product that with last you generations to come !
 I own four of these 2 D-Cell mag lights . There 's one in each of my cars , and one on each floor of my home.They are bright , focusable , and it always turns on without fail . No more shaking your flashlight to keep it lit ! It 's well weighted , so you wo n't get tired by carrying it , and dropping it wo n't break the lens or the case.We also purchased an orange plastic cone that attaches to the front like many police officers have for directing traffic , which makes this flashlight perfect for walking at dusk or at night.Highly recommended !
 This is Maglite - the most robust , simply designed , durable flashlight ever . All except the tiniest maglites share a number of common features
 Need a flashlight ? Contemplating whether to buy the El Cheapo plastic flashlight , or the Mag ? Get the Mag if you can afford it . After all , you get what you pay for , and with the Mag , you get the embodyment of flashlight perfection.Just the weight of the Mag with batteries in it gives me a sense of satisfaction -LRB- for some reason -RRB- . It is a heft bugger , but that 's why it 's so durable . The light is also crisp and powerful.Need I say more ?
 I carry one of these in each of my vehicles . The high-intensity adjustable beam is perfect for changing a flat at night , finding your way up a dark driveway , locating a house number , or even flagging down a passing car . I am always finding another use for it , and the slim barrel makes it especially easy to use . Also , the light will stand on end when you needs hands-free illumination . It 's extremely dependable , and does n't suck down the batteries like cheaper lights .
 Perfect size for nightstand or car . Bright , sturdy , and , also important , easy on the batteries . Most D-cell flashlights slowly discharge batteries and need fresh ones every year . Batteries in the Maglites stay fresh at least three years.Last resort defensive weapon , reliable source of bright light , sturdy build , and good components . Mag keeps getting it right !
 If you 've EVER had a MAGLITE flashlight YOU will NEVER go back to those CHEAP plastic flashlights again . My brother loves the great vibrant cobalt blue color : - -RRB- The ability to focus the beam in one spot is GREAT when you 're working under the sink or in a cramped area . My brother and I use them to alert drivers to our presence when we are walking along the road/highway back home from the grocery store/shopping/running errands for our disabled mother .
 This is the best Maglite out there !!!!!! you can bang it up and it still works , has a beam 10 times brighter -LRB- and wider !!!! -RRB- than all of my other regular AA battery non-led flashlights and has a better beam and battery life !!!!!! more manuverable , slightly lighter , has a clearer beam than my huge lantern flashlight , uses less battery than it and batterys are easier to find and cost less than for the lantern flashlight.And it has interchangable bulbs !!!!!! overall the .357 magnum of flashlights !!!!
 Maglites are the best , well made and dependable . I like the 2 D size for the household because its smaller and works great . It comes with a spare bulb in the base . Ive never had a bad Maglite !
 The MagLite Flashlight is an excellent tool for those times when you just need some lite . I have always boughten MagLite products and they have never let me down ! Whether I am camping or the power goes out in the house the MagLite has always shown the way brightly .
 Extremely durable , high quality , everyone knows the MagLite . I think I bought my first MagLite almost 20 years ago now and there are no obvious difference between it and the one I just bought.However , I 'm going to take one star off just because it has n't changed in 20 years . Over 10 years ago , I held in my hands a flashlight that made an evenly lit circle of light , yet the MagLite beam is still a mottled mess . Why ca n't they put some effort into improvements ? Aluminum gets bent and scraped up easily . A high quality plastic could be at least as durable , possibly lighter , and would damage floors , cars , furniture as much when dropped . Just as another option in a line of quality flashlights , not a replacement.What about a lithium ion battery rechargeable ? Much power in a very small package . Seems like they could progress a little ... and no , I do n't really like the light from the LED version .
 Ok first of it if almsot indestructable i dropped in 20 feet out of a tree the day i got it and i did get a led upgrade a mag brand one but the old krypton bulbs are still good the yaint outta date any oen who thinks they are are stupid and all in all indestructable very bright < even with factory bulb > it jsut scratches up too easy = /
 Like it a lot . The red color makes it a little easier to find too . bought two of them , very happy .
 I own a silver and a red version of this flashlight and the silver one has been perfect as in-house go to lights . I 've dropped both lights and they look good and keep working . Despite looking dull next to led lights I like the weight and the adjustable beam is good to have when you do n't need a full blast beam.I plan on leaving these 2 as they as an alternative to my 2 2d led maglites I keep in the same drawer .
 Maglites are great as they are very sturdy and work well . This unit is no exception as it works flawlessly . Note , however , that this uses a different kind of bulb . In the older days , these maglites used regular standard flashlight bulbs , but this one uses a newer adapter that accepts the bi-pin plug-in type bulbs -LRB- similar to the bulbs used in the mini-maglites -RRB- . So , if you 're planning to use one of the LED replacement bulbs sold on Amazon , be careful as the LED bulb may not allow you to screw the retainer collar on it . Fortunately , the thread on the retainer collar is the same as used on the older maglites , so if you can buy a replacement collar for the older maglites , it will work -LRB- I cannibalized a retainer from an older 3-D cell maglite and it worked perfectly . -RRB-
 There is no better flashlite in the world than MAGLITE . Do n't be tempted with cheap foreign imitations , nothing matches MAGLITE 's quality and craftsmanship . I bought my first one 25 years ago and it still works just as well today as it did when I bought it and is the main one in my house which I keep by the front door for all purposes . I have a keychain one also and a small one in my bedside table . This one I bought bought to keep in the car and no doubt will outlive the car and me ! It really is the best you can buy .
 Well folks ... It 's a maglite , if there is one company that has n't dropped it 's quality it 's them . At least from I can tell . It 's not an LED one but , this one does the trick . If you want a good flash light that should last for a long time stick with Maglite but , maybe spurge for the LED one 's .
 I bought this as a xmas gift for a friend . This is a nice flashlight , it 's a little lighter than i expected . -LRB- that 's the reason for the 4 stars -RRB- Nice bright red color too hopefully easy to track down when needed . It also shines very bright . She was very happy with it .
 I also purchased the LED lamp replacement kit with this flashlight . The results exceeded my expectations . This product has something rarely found today -- Quality .
 This flashlight is great . It shines bright and is made of aircraft aluminum so it 's virtually indestructible . It runs on 2 D batteries and has an extra bulb in the base of the unit . It 's great to have around the house in case of a power outage also good for home improvement .
 I bought two of these flashlights for camping . They were perfect for moving about the camp .
 This is not my first Gladiator product , but this is the first time I have bought one of the `` fully welded '' line of cabinets . I have previously bought several of the `` ready to assemble '' or RTA cabinets and have been pleased with the quality , so when the 30 '' wall cabinet was on a Black Friday sale , I decided I could n't pass up the opportunity to pick up a couple of the cabinets at a much lower cost than MSRP.For those who may be considering the RTA line of cabinets versus the fully-welded series , I will offer some comparisons . First , there is the convenience of not having to assemble the cabinet on the fully welded version which is nice . However in comparing this unit to the RTA version , the cabinet just feels stronger . I suspect this has more to do with the solid back versus the thin multi-piece back of the RTA unit , but when I picked up this cabinet there was no bending or racking like I have experienced on the RTA version.I personally can not tell if the metal used is a different gauge between the two units , but the fully welded version just feels more solid and more up to the task . Once mounted on the wall I realize the differences could go unnoticed , but time will tell how well they stack up against one another.I also noticed Gladiator inserted small plastic pins to keep the interior shelves in place during shipping , but I can see those being useful to ensure the shelves are never accidentally moved or bumped when the cabinet is in use.As with most Gladiator products , I really have no complaints about quality or finish , and these cabinets do look great in the garage . Howeever if paying full retail , I still have to argue that they are overpriced for what you get . These cabinets are stamped steel ... not gold plated , and the doors are not even real diamondplate but rather painted steel stamped to look like diamondplate , so I have a hard time justifying the retail cost.I do like the fact that the keys are universal , so all of the keys for all of my cabinets will work on any of the locks although I have no idea if I have just been lucky or if this is the case with all Gladiator cabinets . I also like the fact that they included all of hardware to mount these cabinets onto the gearwall or geartrack since it would have obviously been much less expensive if they made that an optional item . All things considered as I add more cabinets to my garage , I 'm going to try and ensure they are the fully welded line rather than the RTA version . The price premium can be a little unsettling , but if you wait for the right sale I feel it would be worth it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I just picked up two of these . VERY happy with them.They are MUCH better than the ones you actually put together yourself . I was not a fan of those at all . They were flimsy , and it was a pain in the butt to put them together and then when they DID go together the joints were not tight.This is already pre-assembled and WELDED ... key word being fully welded ! It 's how it should have been from day one.I am VERY pleased with these.So much better than the black and decker -LRB- compressed saw dust and glue cabinet that I paid around $ 160 for it at a big box store . . and that is already starting to `` sag '' because of the humitity ... Overall this is a good buy , wish it was cheaper because at 200 bucks it 's not cheap at all!Good lock , sturdy doors , and feels robust compared to their other model.-Nigel
 I purchased this cabinet locally while on sale . Given the many reports of damaged cabinets new out of the box , I decided to buy from local store to make returns easier . I was lucky to get one without any damge . As someone mentioned , it has 2x4 braces holding it in place in the box . But there 's an airspace on the sides and no padding to protect from damage . Some styrofoam or even crumpled up paper could go a long way in preventing damage.As for the cabinet itself , installation was easy since it was preassembled . I just needed to attach the two brackets , leaving the lower one finger tight . Then with some help , hung the cabinet on the top track and maneuvered the lower bracket so it slid in to the lower track , finally tightening the lower bracket from the inside . This is why I like this wall cabinet over the smaller 28 '' and 24 '' cabinets in the gladiator line ; it mounts to two tracks instead of one.So far I really like it . It looks good and seems sturdy , although I do n't plan on really putting the max weight load on it . The one annoying thing is you have to open the right side door before you can open the left . That combined with the somewhat high price and the packaging / chance for damage is why I took off a star .
 Got this for my husband as a gift - he was thrilled . Amazon had the best pricing & shipping combined . wonderful item - arrived w/o damage or problems in a timely fashion .
 It seems bigger on the wall than it does on the floor . I will have to move it because of that . Should help with the garage clean up once moved .
 Case is well made and shipped on-time . Glue inside on the foam was still tacky and had to be let dry .
 I kid you not , this flashlight is the best thing ever ! 1 . Its a flashlight that doubles as a weapon , which is really handy when you 're a young woman who walks alone a lot ... 2 . Its pretty much unbreakable ... . and 3 Its my favorite color as well as my school color so its quite trendy in my town rofl
 I had a 14 inch purple one for years . But i dropped it so many times it broke the glass to the point i just could not use it anymore and it was dented as well , one day it just would not work . So a few months later i Bought the 21 inch one . has lasted me since 2009 on to the present day ! -2013 going forth ! ; -RCB-
 I have several of these maglites . They are strong and sturdy . Provides enough light . Love the purple color ... my favorite color . Comes with an extra bulb in the end cap . Also Maglite is designed and manufacture in the USA .
 The color stands out and most men wound.t take it . Plus I love the color .
 Very beautifull !! Two collors , because when we put white light on this flashlight , it be blue !! I love it !!
 Another great flashlight . Gave this in a gift exchange for a Christmas event held in Minnesota . It went over well with the Viking fans !!
 Great flashlight and beautiful color . Knurled grip with ON-OFF switch as opposed to the twist action required from other models . Twisting still allows you to adjust the focus , however . The light comes with an extra bulb that 's stored inside the base .
 I am very pleased with my purchase of the PURPLE MAG-LITE . It was a great price at around $ 16 , comes with an extra bulb , has an adjustable beam , and seems to be well constructed . I live on a canyon and was amazed at how far the beam of light travels !! AND IT 'S PURPLE !!!
 Mag Lites are the best flashlights . It 's dependable and bright . Comes in all sizes and they are great for the price .
 I do n't know if the plumber swiped it or my exiting roommate . All I know is they all turned up missing at the same time ! Ca n't do without it . No substitute for the real thing .
 All houses need several flashlights , just in case . This flashlight is large and much heavier than cheaper ones . It is very bright and has two settings . And of course it is a beautiful dark shade of purple , so I love it . : -RRB-
 I used it this weekend and it was the sharpest light out there in the high desert . Clean beam and all it is the best flashlight I own .
 I consider all my Maglites to be great products . I purchased this 3-cell along with a 2-cell LED Maglite as gifts . I had n't seen the new LED Maglites in action so was n't confident getting this 3-cell as an LED too - plus the LED is n't available in the gift-receiver 's favorite color - purple.If having a purple Maglite is n't a priority , go with the LED version . The light quality is much bluer and crisper than the standard bulb . I do n't know if the bulb puts out less lumens than the LED , but the visual perception is that it is not as bright.If purple is a must-have , you can upgrade with an LED module - which is what I plan on doing with all of my main Maglites .
 This Mag light was the best as always . There is no other Flashlight that can compare to Mag lights . This light is the best for anything . I am simple not interested in any other Flashlights , unless they can be proven to out last a Mag light , as to which I doubt very serious ... Gary !
 Finally a great flashlight in a great color ! I 've had a silver Maglte for years and it still works perfectly.But when I found a PURPLE one ... well the silver one got moved to the 'em ergency ' flashlight in the house . The purple one is now in my truck and goes everywhere with me ; -RRB-
 Maglite is the best flashlight on the market as far as Im concerned . The quality is good and you never have problems with them .
 Are you sick of flashlights that die just when you need them the most ? Then get this flashlight . I finally got tired of spending $ 5 on several plastic flashlights that always would break . The final straw was when I was in the attic of our church building in Houston , Texas -LRB- read VERY HOT ! -RRB- . I was making my way back to the ladder when my latest Home Depot special -LRB- only days old -RRB- died on me . I had to feel my way back . Well that did it ! I bought myself a MAGLITE and have not been disappointed . I have dropped it repeatedly and it keeps working . It fell off the hood of my car one night and the light stayed on . It does have some cosmetic damage from my abuse but IT KEEPS WORKING . Some neat features include the adjustable beam size -LRB- from wide to narrow -RRB- , that tough case and the included spare bulb . When I consider how much I spent over the years on `` cheap '' flashlights I realize I should have bought a MAG a long time ago . All in all I highly recommend it .
 The Mag Lite is a fantastic little flashlight . I have been using mine for almost 5 years now . My only complaint is the case that comes with it . The velcro for the top closure is VERY strong which means that you eventually rip all the `` loop '' parts so it no longer connects . A good option would be to have a leather case version with a snap instead of velcro for a more industrial use . The lite itself is great and the spare bulb in the handle is a fantastic idea . Just wish they had the purple one available when I got mine originally ...
 Mag Instrument 's lighting products are of high quality in all aspects of the products ' construction and function . The body of the lights are strong and durable . The interior workings last for years without fatigue that is found in most other flashlights . Fatigue in the springs and contacts cause intermittent light and eventually failure . Not so with Mag products . The switch is high quality and durable and offers many years of dependable use . The relflector and beam adjustment feature work well together and offer a wide range of beam dispersal . Mag flashlights are worth every penny and will continue to function for many years .
 Great product . I own several and have never had a problem.I ordered this one because the product description says LED . The light does not have an LED bulb , it is the regular Krypton bulb .
 This is the last one you 'll every need to buy . It is virtually indestrutible . mine fell on the street and got rolled over buy a dozen cars and trucks . When I went to fetch it , it still works . Amazing !
 As a contractor for the ultility industry I rely heavily on this light to accomplish a variety of tasks.Lightweight , excellent battery life , weatherproof and just about as indestructable as it gets ! A variety of accessories lets you change the colour of the lights beam and can be easily worn on any belt with the Mag-light holster -LRB- many sizes available to suit the size of light you need -RRB- . You do n't wear a belt you say?They make a keychain light that is excellent too!You have no excuse not to buy one ! I have these lights everywhere from my toolbox , car , gardenshed to the fuse panel in my house.Its great for camping too.Just undo the Mag 's adjustable head and place it at the base of the flashlight and you have a portable electric candle.The spare bulb in the tailstock ensures you will always be able to `` see the light '' .
 I bought this flashlight , based on my experience with Mag-Lite , to use as a dependable emergency flashlight for my car . It fits the bill . I have one in my other car too . If you 're concerned with the color , it is actually bluish/purple , not exactly the shade of purple indicated in the flashlight 's picture . Do n't blame Amazon for the error , the part # is correct and information insert from Mag-Lite indicates it is supposed to be purple . The price is right though for an excellent reliable product , whether it is black , blue , or purple .
 What else can I say ? This is the best thing going as far as lights are concerned . The brightest two cell light on the planet . Plus , it looks so cool in your favorite color . Get it wet , no worry . Drop it , do n't even give it a second thought.Pick it up and it 's going to work . Is it possible to wear it out ? By gosh I do n't know . If they wear out it takes a good number of years . I 've never been able to do it . Camping , working , emergency , you name it you need this light.As long as you have fresh batteries around , It 's never going to let you down .
 The flashlight I received is every bit as purple as the image . Maybe even a little more purple . It looks a bit bluer under harsh white lighting , so maybe that 's why some people do n't think it is a bright purple shade ? But under normal incandescent lights , it 's definitely purple.As for function , it 's heavy , solid and well constructed . It 's worth the little extra money to have one that wo n't fall apart in a month like my last cheap-o one from the club store did .
 If you 've EVER had a MAGLITE flashlight YOU will NEVER go back to those CHEAP plastic flashlights again . Great vibrant purple color I LOVE IT : - -RRB- The ability to focus the beam in one spot is GREAT when you 're working under the sink or in a cramped area . My brother and I use them to alert drivers to our presence when we are walking along the road/highway back home from the grocery store/shopping/running errands for our disabled mother.GREAT Product I 've already accidentally dropped it half a dozen times and it still works like a charm : - -RRB-
 Had a little trouble getting it going but it seems pretty solid now . Good size light with decent illumination . Comes with spare bulb at the base of the handle . No complaints .
 Perfect personal spin on a classic . Love the purple color , and the reliability of a Maglite . Purchased the belt holster separately to make carrying it around on the job easier
 I love the color of the maglite and also the same functions of any maglite . The flashlight was shipped on time and in great condition .
 This is a great flashlight , very bright and very heavy . I feel safer knowing I could use this to protect myself against a burglar if needed :-RRB- Love the purple color too ... It takes two d batteries that are n't included , also you have to take the silver spiral spring thing and push it into the end cap so it presses the batteries down on the sensor or else it wo n't work .
 I have many little LED bulb flashlights , that easily fit in a purse , pocket , backpack , etc. . But I just wanted one of the big guys . Maglites always appealed to me , because of the great colors and reliability . I do n't mind the weight of it , the on/off button is sturdy and positioned conveniently , the range of light is adjustable . Feels good in the hand . I priced them in several stores and this was the best price by far . A good purchase , highly recommend .
 This Maglite not only is an excellent flashlight , but it is a beautiful shade of purple . Buy it , this light is worth the price .
 maglite has the best quality there is!got it quickly and it was packaged well.price was unbeatable -LRB- i checked -RRB- very happy with this product !
 I like this flashlight a lot , but I do wish I had decided on the LED version , for two reasons ; the light from a bulb leaves a dark spot on the path you are trying to light . So you get a circle of light , not a wide path of light . Secondly , LED is a better kind of light , brighter and more effective . Maglite will always be a good choice in a flashlight . But I recommend spending a little more for the LED version . And if for some reason the light fails and you find yourself warding off danger , the Maglite doubles nicely as a ` blunt-force object ' for striking out at someone or something that might be trying to alter your course .
 I love my flashlight and the color could ` nt be found anywhere , just basic colors , I wanted something that would stick out.The order took just a few days to recieve and the site was easy to order from.Thank you
 Bought this for the girlfriend 's car , everyone should carry a flashlight in their car for emergencies.Purple color is very vibrant , and the light has all the standard Maglite qualities
 First of all , a black Mag-Lite is awesome . But a silver one is out of this world . It 's bright aluminum casing enables it to be found more easily in dark situations because it seems to have a `` glowing '' silver presence to it . Trust me , I 've found mine in the woods late at night after putting it down somwhere . Plus it looks very futuristic , and sure can light up a room for an extremely cheap and reasonable price . Go buy two of them .
 who lives as far out in the rural countryside as I do gets accustomed to power interruptions , whether they are due to downed power lines from ice storms , someone hitting a key telephone pole and knocking out a transformer , or is the result of one of the occassional electrical storms we have during the warmer months of the year . In any and all of these circumstances I can always depend on my collection of mag-lights to see me through the darkness of the house in order to light my well-used candles and oil lamps until the power is finally restored . I also have one in each of my two trucks , and when I recently narrowly missed hitting a startled deer late at night and went off the road into a muddy field , the trusty mag light was invaluable in helping me find a winching point to pull myself out of the muddy gully . So , whether it is a venture down into the blackened hole my basement becomes late at night , or finding my way to the bathroom in the middle of the night , I can always depend on my mag lights to candle-power my way wherever I am going . I have several of the three battery-sized ones like the one displayed here , but actually also have three or four of the largest ones as well . I love mine , and although I seem to misplace at least one or two a year , I always have an ample supply of both mag-lights and replacement batteries because I find they are absolutely essential out here in the woods . Get one today .
 After working with some of the so-called `` tactical '' flashlights out there , I 've come back to the Mag Light . You just ca n't beat the classic heavy duty construction and standard batteries . Mag Instrument still provides the best customer support if you ever need any spare parts . Just give them a call and they will send you almost anything you ever need for repairs .
 This was another terrific light that I thought my girlfriend would like to have besides the Mini-Mag . I had no problems receiving the product on-time , and it worked as it should . If I ever need another , this is the flashlight .
 My father has ALWAYS had a MAGLIGHT handy in our house growing up . I got this one for my Fiance since he asked for one . They are good products . Highly recommend . You can use it for lighting . . and if you are out walking alone it is heavy enough to use as protection as well .
 These are great lights . I have had at least 5 Maglights in my life and each one has been there reliabily even after being dropped and on in the rain and in the mud ... I am pretty rough on them . I even had one in the bedroom I found them so very useful . I am sure you will find them usefull too , no matter what size you get ! Other than that , take care and good luck shopping .
 Oh where do I begin with this ... First of all these are incredible flashlights and they 're only getting better ! I ca n't even begin to tell you how great these lights are . They work for years and years , I got my first maglite for christmas when I was 7 , I 'm now 21 and have this flashlight , the LED version of the same flashlight , as well as a little red AA battery pocket maglite and they all work perfectly . I 'm not entirely sure how to tell you how tough these are so i 'll just start listing off everything thats happened with my 14 year old maglite ... so far it has been ... knocked of a 3rd story building , dropped on the concrete , lost in snow for 2 days , gnawed on by a dog , brought hunting , hit by gun kickback , dropped into a lake , banged on the side of a cliff while climbing said cliff , been camping who knows how many times , been fishing many many times , hammered in countless nails and tent pegs , fell out of the bed of a truck going 45 MPH , and finally being hit by the truck behind us . Needless to say , these flashlights are the best . I swear by them and I really cant even begin to tell you how awesome these lights actually are . They 're relatively cheap considering it 'll last you many years if you make sure you check the batteries every couple months for corrosion . overall , these are easily 5/5 stars , I really encourage anyone who is looking for a good high quality light to take a look at these , they will not let you down .
 Works as descibed . I like the idea that it has a spare bulb in the handle when needed . I would reccomend to a friend .
 When I walk my 20 # Boston Terrier at night around my -LRB- very suburban -RRB- neighborhood , I always have my Maglite . The adjustable light beam and push button on/off switch is great between lamp posts . But more appealing is the solid construction of this defensive weapon . If needed , I know we can fend off a large dog or coyote with this club-like weapon . If you walk your dog at night , do n't leave home without your Maglite . Take care .
 Super flashlight . I wanted black but they raised the price so I had to go with red . Color is not a big deal .
 This is a great flashlight . If you find them for sale overseas they are kept behind glass . -LRB- pricey -RRB- This flashlight is bright and rugged but if you use a flashlight for work or for camping in my oppinion its not the best . It seems to lose its new battery brightness soon . More than that its had to hold and work on anything . I believe as far as flashlights go either a head lamp , or what I use , a rechargeable Dewalt -LRB- or the like -RRB- are anyones best bet . I can set it up and point it just where I want it and not fumble trying to hold it in-between my neck and sholder or try to prop it up angainst something that usualy roles off just when I need it most ! Also you get that new bright battery look every time you re-charge . Overall this flashlight is a good one , but if you use one to work with of have ever set up a tent in the dark you 'll agree that this coventional light is not he best choice . If you do go with this light I suggest getting the silver one because the paint on mag 's usually scratch off making it look old and shabby . Take care , and I hope this helps .
 I have had this flashlight for a few years and would never buy anything else but a mag.Mags take a beating and keep on ticking . I have dropped this on the concrete , pavement anything you could think of only a tiny scrach . It provides a very large light which you can adjust simply from the top for a more exact stream of light . I have yet to change the batteries -LRB- 2 years -RRB- even though i use it constantly . The on/off switch has never failed or broke . Remember all the flashlights you have had when you have to keep hitting it every 10 seconds to get it to work ? Not this one.Great for working in the garage , anywhere outside or when the lights go out . If you want a real flashlight get a mag they are the best by FAR ... Do n't hesitate
 Everyone knows that maglite makes the best flashlights in the world . Now , with the silver finish , it looks as good as it works . I recommend this to anyone who wants to look good and perform good .
 Pay a little more now , pay a lot later !
 My wife gave me the red version of the mag flashlight for Christmas . I like the heft and the reliability . Because it uses multiple batteries , it wo n't fail for a long while . It 's also sealed against moisture and contains an extra light bulb . All these factors make it ideal for the car . I 've already used it to change a flat tire at night , and was I glad I had a dependable light , heavy enough to prop upright , that provided a lighted area wide enough to see what I was doing -LRB- adjustable arc -RRB- . I recommend it .
 The Mags are the best flashlights money can buy , and with the currently reduced price of this 2 D-cell unit , it 's a bargain . The strongest points are its durability/ruggedness and the unusual feature of beam width adjustability . It is nice to own a flashlight that does not flicker or require tapping every time you turn it on -LRB- the result of cheap contacts most of the time -RRB- . The recurrent weak point in Mags has been their tendency to burn out bulbs a bit too quickly . However , this too had been addressed by the manufacturer , who has thoughtfully placed an extra bulb inside the lens cap .
 Any of the Mag Lite products are a good buy . Aircraft aluminum construction , high candlepower , and virtually indestructible , I use my Maglite everywhere . I keep one in each car , and one in the house just in case . I can think of a hundred reasons to have them , but the reason I buy them is that there are a hundred more I ca n't think of . Many useful accesories make these lights adaptable to almost any situation , even self defense .
 This is what the police carry . It 's a heavy duty flashlight That can be used for hundreds of things . And it comes in 5 diffrent colors . -LRB- Not that I like anything but black and silver . -RRB-
 There is no flashlight I can think of , of any type or price that is better than this one . If you have no flashlights , buy it ; if you have flashlights but not this one , buy it and be prepared to discard the flashlights you have.It is tough and durable . It will serve faithfully no matter how badly you use or abuse it . It will outlive you , and you will be able to hand it down to your grandchildren . Professionals of all sorts have come to rely on this flashlight.The efficiency of the reflector is also legendary . I compared this flashlight with the stock krypton bulb to a Rayovac Industrial flashlight with a halogen bulb . The Maglite won hands down . To check , we took the bulb out of the Rayovac and put it into the Maglite . Same result
 A typical example of a `` good ole '' American quality product ! If you do n't lose it I am sure your Grandchild will still be using it !
 I 'm a boy scout leader . I own a few of these . The thing about these is that everyone likes them so much that they always want to use them . I end up passing mine out and ending up with one less . I must be their best customer . I always end up buying replacements .
 I own a silver and a red version of this flashlight and the silver one has been perfect as in-house go to lights . I 've dropped both lights and they look good and keep working . Despite looking dull next to led lights I like the weight and the adjustable beam is good to have when you do n't need a full blast beam.I plan on leaving these 2 as they as an alternative to my 2 2d led maglites I keep in the same drawer .
 I love my Maglite flashlights and have even given them to friends who , at first think it 's an odd gift , and then later tell me stories about how invaluable it was to them in a power failure , crawling around their dark attic , etc. . My only warning is do n't order a silver one and expect to receive a silver one . I already own a silver Maglite which I have mounted on the wall with the handy clips that must be ordered separately . I ordered another silver to give to my sister and instead I received a gray one . When I contacted Amazon customer service I had to deal with 2 clueless agents before FINALLY reaching someone who was polite , understanding and handled the return -LRB- thanks Debbie ! -RRB- However , I received another gray one -LRB- labeled silver -RRB- as the replacement . Apparently Amazon contacted Maglite and was told there might be subtle color differences between lots . Baloney ! Silver is NOT gray and gray is not silver . I returned both of the gray ones and canceled my order . I 'm very happy with the Maglites I already have -LRB- silver AND gray ones -RRB- and just wo n't be ordering another silver one , which , according to Maglite , does n't really exist . I guess mine is a collector 's item.It must be worth a fortune !
 I think the other reviewers have said it well.I did want to mention that I just picked one up at the local orange big box store for less than 16 clams .
 If you want a `` real '' flashlight then this is it . I 've got cheap ones here and there but if you want a good reliable flashlight then go with Maglite .
 This is the perfect size for around the house or in the car -LRB- we bought about 4 of them to keep them in both places -RRB- . We use rechargeable batteries -LRB- 2 - C size -RRB- and they work great . The light is just the right amount to see what you need to see without being a big bulky flashlight . Solid too - will lsat forever I think .
 This mini maglite comes in handy when you are looking for the right key in the dark , or if you drop something on the street in a badly lit area . I 've also used it so I could see behind my computer or entertainment center , mainly because it is n't big and bulky . You never have to worry , because it 's always in your pocket , ready to be used at anytime . The array of colours is just a nice little touch .
 This is one of the most convenient items I have ever purchased . Not only is it affordable but it is compact and puts out plenty of light to see by . I think every person should carry one in their cars . They store so easily and are no hassle at all .
 I agree with the reviews that say this flashlight is n't bright enough for reading or for using to find a path . But it 's tiny and just right to carry on a trip to use in a hotel bathroom . In fact , I use it daily at home because I do n't want to wake myself up with a bright light , and this one is just bright enough that I do n't bump into things . I tried replacing it with a LED flashlight and could n't stand the brightness for what I use it for.So I recommend this for a light when you need to look at your watch in the dark , finding a key hole , or making your way around in the dark when you do n't want to wake yourself or your partner up . But I do n't give it full points because its use is limited .
 I have carried the Mag Lite Solitaire for a few months now and I 've had no serious complaints about it . The finish has stood up to wear and tear and it still lights up when I need it to . When I turn the unit off , I do make sure the rotating head is tight , so it wo n't turn itself on accidentally . A few people have experienced problems with the light coming on by itself , but so far I have not had that problem.With that being said , it 's important to remember what this light is
 Wow this thing is small . It is no bigger than the diameter of a pen , and probably half the height of a pen . It 's a little smaller than what I was purchasing it for , but I would recommend this as a portable flashlight to help people read menus at dimly lit restaurants .
 Before deciding to post this review , I decided to look over the reviews that were already posted . I noticed that many reviewers complained about low-intensity light and the relatively short battery life . Well , I can see where they 're coming from . If you want a flashlight to use day in and day out , on every night you go camping , or to frequently navigate through a dark house , then this is definitely * not * the flashlight for you.Why do I like it so much ? Let me tell you about where and how I use it , and you 'll understand.I 've been camping since I was a kid . Back when I started , those giant flashlights that ran on those blocky 12-volt batteries were common . I had a few of those . I also had plenty of those plastic flashlights that ran on D-batteries -LRB- now those were true battery hogs -RRB- . In time , I learned about MagLites , and began using various models . For a number of years , I thought I had settled on the 2 AA Mini model . It certainly was a great flashlight , but I found I needed a flashlight less and less . As that happened , I started looking for a small light I could carry `` just in case '' -- and the MagLite Solitaire fit the bill . I 've been carrying one for years now.You see , when I first started camping , or even if the lights went out at home , I felt I needed a bright , powerful flashlight . Over the years I 've learned , however , that such bright lights serve mainly to reset your night vision . Only on the most overcast and moonless nights do I ever find myself really needing a flashlight -- or when someone drops their car keys in the back yard at the end of a long night around the fire . Even when in my tent , I found that having a smaller light worked out really well . It I needed it on , it was bright enough to let me see , but not so bright as to disturb my tentmates . In addition , its light weight and small size made it an ideal backcountry companion . It takes up alomst no room in my pockets , and hangs comfortably from a piece of paracord around my neck.Like its larger cousins , the Solitaire lets you adjust the beam , from a tight focus to a broader diffusion . As some have noted , however , the low light output -LRB- 2 lumens -RRB- is such that many may not preceive much benefit . I do find the adjustments useful , however , using the broadest diffusion when using the light for general illumination in a small space or dark area , and focusing the beam when I 'm really trying to look at something in particular . Also like its larger cousins , the Solitaire will operate with the lens end removed in what is called `` candle mode '' . Used that way , you could place the Solitaire on a flat surface and use it like you would a candle . Here 's where it really does fail compared to its larger cousins , however . On those models , the lens end is larger than the diameter of the shaft/handle , allowing the lens end to be slipped onto the bottom like a base , giving the candle-mode flashlight a wider base when standing it up . Since the Solitairs is the same diameter along its entire length , that 's not an option . When I use it in candle mode , it 's typically to quickly illuminate most of the tent , and I just keep the lens end in my off hand . The solitairs is small enough that I can tuck it in between my hat and my temple , too , freeing both of my hands when necessary -LRB- like when trying to fix my glasses -RRB- . - I keep one in my tackle box , as a convenient light when needing to search for some bit of tackle at dusk or after nightfall . - When camping , with the help of a little clip or piece of string , you can hang the light from a gear loft or a clip in your tent , giving you a quick and easy way to light a central area -LRB- to play cards , for example -RRB- . - I keep one on my key ring when I travel , just in case I need a little light to check something under the hood . - When hiking , I always carry one with me `` just in case '' , even if I start out during the day time . While some decry how dim the light is , you 'd be amazed by how easy it is to spot even the smallest light during the dark of night . Besides , butting this little light up against a clear -LRB- or light colored -RRB- plastic water bottle will illuminate all the water in the bottle , allowing you to create a more visible object if you need to get someone 's attention . - I never use the light for more than a few minutes at a time , so I 've never had a complaint about the battery life . In fact , I 'm very happy with the battery life , and the fact that I can keep the same battery in the light for months on end without it draining down to nothing . While it 's always best to take the battery out when not using it for a long time , I 've had them sit in the Solitaire for a full year and still kick out light when I needed it . - They make great gifts . My wife and three of my kids each have one , and they all find them useful . A MagLite Solitarie is a great tool to put on a new driver 's key ring . -LSB- Even better is to pair it with a Victorinox Classic Swiss Army Knife ! -RSB- - Keep one in the glove box -- the small size makes it really easy to handle if you need to poke around under the dashboard to replace a fuse . - Put one in a mini survival kit . It 's small enough to fit into many mint tins alongside other survival gear -LRB- e.g. , hooks , line , matches , razor -RRB- . As noted before , a small light in the dark can often be seen from far away . Besides , in a survival situation , that light can be used to attract fish by dangling it in the water ...
 I was given this little flashlight in 1990 as a gift for my new job . I carried it in my shirt pocket as a backup light . Yes , the technology is antiquated . An LED would be brighter and save battery life . I 'm not sure that the Solitaire was designed to be a household or survival flashlight ; just an emergency light to find a stairway , or escape route in a grocery store during a blackout . Or as already mentioned , to find the keyhole to your deadbolt . I still carry this light and it 's built like a tank . I have no issues with battery usage , or it accidentally powering up in my pocket . Twenty years ! Great tiny light ! There are better AAA LED flashlights out there , like the Maratac for about 22 bucks , but this little light fills the niche for me . In fact , I only go through about two batteries a year . 4 stars because of the outdated technology .
 This a useful light , looking at a menu or finding the keyhole on a door knob . The problem that everyone seems to have with this light is the tailcap falling off . I just put some electrial tape around the cap so it does not come off . If you do lose it , its easily replaceable and cheap to replace . I have had mine on my keychain for 2 1/2 years . Still works . I 've replaced the battery a million times , but it still works .
 Mag Light makes a fine line of flashlights . This is thier smallest -LRB- to my knowledge -RRB- . On a key chain , this little fellow can be a light in the dark on the road , trying to unlock a darkened door or just to shed a little light on whatever you may be doing . I do n't leave home without it .
 I have had this light on my key chain for 3.5 years now.Like all Maglites the beam of light can be narrowed or widened . It is great for adding light to dark little corner especially when nothing else is handy .
 It is bright enough to walk the dog at night , or just for trying to see the keyhole for your car . This flashlight is a must have . I have two other Maglites and they are always a top notch quality flashlight . It may not be as bright as the bigger Maglites , but seriously what more could you possibly expect from such a small device with a AAA battery . I could use it when I go camping and I do n't want to drag the big flashlight with me to go to the `` bathroom '' . So many uses from such a little flashlight . How many times have you told yourself , `` If only I had a flashlight ? '' Well this here is the answer to all your problems , attach it to your keychain . Before long you 'll be using this little guy all the time , better go stock up on some AAA batt 's . Oh yeah , and if that was n't enough , it 's got an extra bulb in the base cap , like all the other big brother Maglites do . Enjoy !
 I have a maglite on my keychain . I forget how old it is , but almost all the black paint is rubbed off leaving bare metal . It still works on the original LED . Sometimes the twist-switch gets gunked up , and needs cleaning , but it mostly still works like new . I ca n't think of any design improvements .
 Great light ----------- as all maglites are -- great adjustable beam , extra battery in case on end ------ I just wish it had a push on/off button . but I would n't hesitate to purchase one for keychain , or if u have kids , for the back seat -- reading maybe ????
 This is a remarkable flashlight . Well constructed in every detail . Very handy . You can even hang it with your keychain with the included strap and keyring . It is very light in aluminum construction . Shockproof and water resistant . The light is pretty respectable for its size . You can adjust the spread of the beam by twisting the head , which is also its on and off switch . It uses a single `` AAA '' battery . Available in many attractive candy colors . It even includes a spare lamp inside the tail cap -LRB- under the spring -RRB- . I have bought a number of these for years as gifts.Recommendation
 This is a remarkable flashlight . Well constructed in every detail . Very handy . You can even hang it with your keychain with the included strap and keyring . It is very light in aluminum construction . Shockproof and water resistant . The light is pretty respectable for its size . You can adjust the spread of the beam by twisting the head , which is also its on and off switch . It uses a single `` AAA '' battery . Available in many attractive candy colors . It even includes a spare lamp inside the tail cap -LRB- under the spring -RRB- . I have bought a number of these for years as gifts.Recommendation
 This is a remarkable flashlight . Well constructed in every detail . Very handy . You can even hang it with your keychain with the included strap and keyring . It is very light in aluminum construction . Shockproof and water resistant . The light is pretty respectable for its size . You can adjust the spread of the beam by twisting the head , which is also its on and off switch . It uses a single `` AAA '' battery . Available in many attractive candy colors . It even includes a spare lamp inside the tail cap -LRB- under the spring -RRB- . I have bought a number of these for years as gifts.Recommendation
 I got this flashlight to go in my Leatherman Wave nylon case , and mostly to be used when I need to look into a computer . It fits perfectly in my case , and lights up a computer 's insides perfectly.While it 's not the best flashlight I have for larger areas , that 's not at all what I have it for -LRB- I usually use a 3 cell Mag Lite or one of those giant , 2 million candlepower spotlights for that -RRB- , and it does do a good job for a light of that size.The Mag Lite Solitaire is perfect for what it 's made for .
 It 's just a flashlight , no big deal , but it 's PURPLE and it 's a Maglite . I have four of them in different sizes , and I 've never had one fail . This is n't LED so it 's not the brightest keychain light out there , but it 's probably the most durable and reliable .
 I bought a number of these to give as gifts when I went to Uzbekistan . Everyone that received one was very grateful for them . They come in handy when you least expect it . I paid $ 5 each . Wait for them to go on sale again . I care one of these as my keychain .
 I got the Maglite keychain light on a whim and do not regret it . There are several uses for this light :1 . to see restaurant menus when they 've gone to romantic lighting2 . to see when the power 's gone out in stairways , bathrooms , etc. 3 . to see the dark inner crevasse of one 's handbag for change , etc.The Maglite itself is great and durable , but the clip holding it to my keychain was faulty and one day I ended up with an empty holder and had no clue where the light had gone -- yes , I did search the inner crevasses of my handbag , but the flashlight never showed up .
 I bought a couple of these for stocking stuffers for my kids , who have complained that they do n't have their own flashlight . These are tiny flashlights , only 2X as long as the AAA battery that goes in them , and only a little wider . The battery is loaded at the end of the flashlight where the keychain is . The light is bright for its size , and can be focused to give more intense light in a specific spot . As is the case with any Mag flashlight , the construction is very solid ... you can feel the quality . Great little flashlight for around $ 5 .
 exact product at an affordable price w a smooth transaction
 exact product at an affordable price w a smooth transaction
 this is like the 6th one of these I have bought for the kids to keep with their keys for help finding them at night ...
 This little flashlight is perfect for keychain , I used every day in dark places and indeed It do the job pretty well.Could be better if it has a white bulb light .
 very awesome little light , it 's on my keyring , which still fits easily into my pocket -LRB- and is very light weight -RRB- . no , it wo n't get you thru the forest at night in a rain storm ; but it will do fine getting around your house or in your car at night.great stocking stuffer at holidays too .
 Yes , there is a spare lamp in the tail cap . Actually , one has to remove -LRB- gently -RRB- the battery spring then turn the cap down and let the spare lamp fall into your palm or on something soft .
 This little flashlight is indispensable . I have lost count of how many times it has proven itself useful . It is very small and works well as a keychain . We trust our eyes above all senses and are the most awkward when that sense is taken away . Having a compact and powerful flashlight with you is a big help . You never know when you will be left in the dark but at least with this you can always be prepared .
 This key-chain mag lite is the best gift , not just for Father 's Day , but for anyone . I keep one on my key chain so I can get into my car or into the house when it 's dark out . My girlfriend has one and swears by it , and I 'm buying another one for Father 's Day.It has all the benefits of the mini-mag lite - adjustable beam , extra bulb , candle feature - but it 's tiny . I ca n't tell you how many times this has come in handy ... Not to mention , it 's also very inexpensive .
 I 've been using this flashlight for about three weeks now , carrying it everyday on my keychain . I have n't had any problems.This flashlight turns on with a twist , rather than a button . I knew that in advance , but I could see that being a problem for some.All in all , I 'm very pleased .
 I just bought a silver one of these maglite solitaires . The flashlight is incredibly small and lightweight . At first I thought it might be lighter than the key I attached it to ! and , While on closer observation I was wrong , I think you 'll find that you wo n't notice this flashlight on your keyring . For its size the light is pretty bright . Most keyring flashlights end up being only good for looking like a flashlight and not actually being one . This one is actually very handy . Its best feature is the candel feature -LRB- where you can unscrew the head of the flashlight and the bulb asks like the light of a candle -RRB- . I definitely suggest you buy this product . I plan on purchasing more of these myself .
 I have carried a Mini-Magi flashlight on my key chain for 3 + years , and find it handy for finding the right key in the dark , even for lighting the way -- it puts out an amazing amount of really bright and well dispersed light . For reading -LRB- or checking maps -RRB- in the car without disturbing the driver 's vision it is excellent . The switch is very well-designed , and will not be accidentally activated . In the 3 years the battery has needed replacement only once . Am considering it as a lasting business `` thank you '' gift .
 This little tiny flashlight is powerful . From the name you can trust . I have had Mag-lites for many years and I have to say that this one is the most convenient of them all . It is durable , lightweight , and very inexpensive . It fits into any pocket , or can go on any key chain . You can even have one in any part of your car or house for those little emergencies that aries . The aluminum alloy case is so protected that this flashlight can last a lifetime . It has been a great and useful investment . Enjoy !?!
 This is perfect for reading menus in dark restaurants . Compact and light weight -- fits in the smallest evening purse .
 When I got my Mini Mag Lite I was so surprised as to how small it is . Yet it 's light is almost as bright as a regular flashlight . As for as the the price , it 's pretty cheap because most key ring flash lights are around $ 5.00 and they are n't even that bright and do n't last that long , so for only a few bucks more this is worth it . The Mini Mag Lite has a great design and it 's small enough so that it does n't feel weird when you add it to your key ring along with all your other keys . I liked this so much I went and bought a 4 D-Cell Mag-Lite .
 The Maglite Solitaire is a great item for most lighting needs . Though not as bright as other flashlights -LRB- I 'm looking forward to purchasing the 6 D-Cell Maglite -RRB- , the Solitaire is small enough to fit in your pocket , but bright enough to light your way when there are n't conveniently placed street lights.I believe in always keeping a flashlight by your side in case you ever need it , and with a screw-cap , you can convert the Solitaire into a mini-lantern . The truly great thing about the Solitaire is its durability ; you can drop the Solitaire -LRB- or any other Maglite , for that matter -RRB- tons of times and not damage it.I , unfortunately , lost my Solitaire , but hope to purchase a new one as soon as possible .
 its a great light for a backup , it lights up about 10-20 feet the price of it is worth it and the batteries are easily replaceable and they last long , the light is slightly dull but it 's great I carry the stream light protac 2l and this on my keys as well as the victorinox classic that came with the solitaire I bought at the victorinox store all in all its fantastic to do small things and it 's a great back up ! I love it and will use it for years
 NOTE
 I have had one for longer than I can remember and my first one was beat to h ### when I got it.they last forever and go anywhere the beam is pretty weak but can be focused to a decent brightness and coverage.the only downside is lack of technology which is holding it back.for $ 6 - $ 8 this is a good light that will last.I laugh at the 1 point reviews if it works as described and lasts it rates at least a 2 be reasonable.these things can be left out at 40 below ran over with a truck picked up cleaned off and replace battery and it WILL work.sure there are better lights this is a classic and still works just fine I currently have two wish I still had my joe camel one : > .
 Pros : - Small -LRB- about the size of a chapstick container -RRB- - DurableCons : - Not that brightSummary : A good light for a keychain or for use in a small area , finding a keyhole , looking in a box at night , etc. . I have a an old Jeep which lacks things like lights -LRB- and doors for that matter -RRB- . I keep one in there in case I need to find something in the glove compartment and it 's perfect for that use.If you 're looking for a walking light , this is definitely NOT for you , it simply does n't have the power needed .
 This is my favorite flashlight because it is light , compact , very durable , and fits my applications.It does have its drawbacks though -LRB- which I see as a positive -RRB- :1 . It has a traditional incandescent bulb , NOT LED -LRB- which I prefer since the light is yellowish-white instead of the harsh white of an LED -RRB- 2 . Because it does not use a LED bulb , the batteries drain very quickly -LRB- I noticed the light coming out of it got considerably dim after about an hour of use , but it was still working . I have rechargeable batteries so this was not a big deal . -RRB- 3 . It does NOT produce a lot of light -LRB- it is great for applications where you do n't need or want too much light -RRB- Overall , it is a good flashlight -LRB- and you can put it on your key-chain -RRB- , but it does have its drawback and is not for application which require a lot of light or long battery life .
 Compact , sturdy and reliable . This little guy will never let you down . Great on batteries too .
 This is the best flashlight i everbuy from amazon and it 's my first time i guy this flash light andi really like it so far
 Great item for light nights and too many keys . Also for camping or other outside activities . Bright light and nice distance .
 I own some high performance flashlights including a Fenix TK40 , LD20 , and Nitecore DI . Against these monsters , the Solitaire fares quite well . I have two lights on my keychain
 The Solitaire is a handly little device that certainly complements any key chain well . Slightly longer than a AA battery , this fits easily into any purse , wallet , drawer , pocket , & c. ; Since it has the strong aluminum case , dropping it or having it mix with keys will not in any way affect it . For its price -LRB- < $ 7 -RRB- , it 's literally and figuratively a solid investement - with caveats.Unfortunately , Mag has not kept up with the times , especially as it relates to LED innovations , and this light suffers from that . The light this generates is paltry and does n't serve much more function other than finding a keyhole , or looking inside a computer case . Even the chotzky `` novelty '' LED keychain lights put out as much or even more . It 's also surprising the puny bulb guzzles through batteries ; I 've found the battery lasts about an hour , with significantly diminished output . I recommend the silver model since my experience is any with colors will wear off , making the light look like it survived the Great War of 1914-19 . Despite its illumination shortcomings , this is still a solid and worthwhile light for which I recently purchased an LED upgrade -LRB- $ 20 ! -RRB- that enables this light to put easily 5 times as much as before . It is made by Tektite and is a simple drop-in replacement that retains the light 's focusing ability . Output is now comparable to a regular 2AA Mini-Mag . For the price , this is a solid performer . As long as you can either accept dim light , or a $ 20 LED upgrade , this will be fine . If you want something to blind game , I suggest looking for something else . For what it is , I recommend it .
 I bought a MagLite solitaire and a 2 D-cell -LRB- both black -RRB- for my dorm room in college , last september . Both flashlights are running on the original batteries , although the D-cell has seen more use and needs a change :-D This flashlight is wonderful for the price , bright , waterproof and tougher than heck ! The anodized aluminum body resists chipping and rust . . which is your humble reviewer 's only gripe . The small size of the flashlight may tempt a user to put it in his mouth for hands-free operation . While this works wonderfully -LRB- though may taste a bit odd -RRB- I would recommend putting a piece of tubing over the body of the flashlight to prevent wearing down or chipping the teeth . My only other advice is , you get what you pay for in batteries too , so feed your maglite good ones and you will see the difference . Beyond that I 'd say this light is just about perfect in terms of small flashlights .
 This has to be the best thing I ever bought . It comes in handy many times with the kind of work I do . I usually have to trace cables in electronic equipment racks and the need to have a flashlight handy is necessary but can be awkward to have to carry around . This MAGLITE is the perfect size to be able to always have a lite on hand without carrying anything bulky . I 'll also say that is feels very well made . Has a nice solid feel and is not flimsy at all . Provides a nice amount of light and you can spread or focus the beam of light as well . I would highly recommend it .
 This is a remarkable flashlight . Well constructed in every detail . Very handy . You can even hang it with your keychain with the included strap and keyring . It is very light in aluminum construction . Shockproof and water resistant . The light is pretty respectable for its size . You can adjust the spread of the beam by twisting the head , which is also its on and off switch . It uses a single `` AAA '' battery . Available in many attractive candy colors . It even includes a spare lamp inside the tail cap -LRB- under the spring -RRB- . I have bought a number of these for years as gifts.Recommendation
 For some reason I thought it would be a medium-sized flashlight , but it 's actually quite small and fits nicely on a keychain . I bought it for my girlfriend who is a veterinarian and uses it with the animals she takes care of . Very useful and very bright for it 's size . Also comes with a AAA battery , which is very nice . Worth the $ for sure . Plus , it 's purple ! And my girlfriend loves purple .
 This rugged little light can , like other Mag-lites withstand a beating . I keep mine on my keychain and after several years and a battery replacement or two its still working fine . The lens cover does get scratched up over time , but it does n't affect its ability to illuminate very much . This light is small , so it wo n't light up an aircraft hangar . It 's made to light up small spaces and it does that very well . It uses a normal light bulb , and in my opinion they should have used a LED . Otherwise it is a very good tool to have on your keychain for those random moments .
 I paid full price for this little flashlight and I could n't do without it ! It is always handy on my keyring and has just the right amount of power for it 's intended purpose ... it 's not meant to light up the block ; it 's a personal light for seeing your car or door locks in the dark ; or , -LRB- for us chickens -RRB- , it 's a relief to have when going through DARK funhouses with the kids . Claustrophobics -LRB- like me ! -RRB- will love it , too !
 This lil ' guy is so impresively bright for running on a lone AAA battery . It always get 's me out of a jam when i ca n't see where I 'm going at night , or if in need a quick light to read by . But what really made me love this thing is it 's durability . They 're not lying when they say this thing is water and shock resistant . This is the only keyring light I 've own that has the prestigious honor of surviving one of those accidental trips through the washing machine . Not only did it still work , but the battery was intact too ! Needless to say , I was quite impressed .
 These flashlights are absolutely perfect for doing long-exposure light painting with photography . With these mini maglights , you are able to twist the light cap off the top to expose the bare bulb . This allows you to twist and turn the flashlight when writing , drawing and painting in the dark . By removing the cap , you are exposing the brightest part of the bulb to the camera lens , resulting in beautiful , seamless light art . I have bought 3 or 4 of these to use simultaneously and they work perfectly , even over a year later ! Would definitely recommend to light painting enthusiasts .
 I 've had two of these things now . Which is fun because you can mix parts for different color combos . I love this little light . It 's always been bright enough for me . I 've had some issues with the tail cap partially unscrewing itself in my pocket . But after two years in my pocket I can understand it . Battery life has been sufficient for my needs . It 's extremely durable . I sent one through the wash once . Worked fine afterwards . All in all I would recommend this to anyone looking for a quality every day carry light .
 This little light fits in my Leatherman pouch nicely . It is not overly bright , but does focus by twisting the lens end . It is much better than nothing and very small . Quality is very good .
 This is a great little light for the purpose it was built . As a keychain light it 's brilliant , literally and is lightweight and solid . It illuminates a doorway very adequately at night and is handy around the car as well . I would not be without it .
 Nice simple little flashlight for a keychain . Very convenient . Not much longer than a AA battery . Good battery life , easily adjustable , good for small spaces .
 I like this Mag-lite , economic , little for put it with your keys or in your pocket , a lot of potential for its only AAA battery.I like it Candle Mode , it 's perfect for illuminate a more open range , and for Calibration y Motion Capture -LRB- that 's why i bought this item -RRB- I recommend it for any use , is perfect , little , and portable .
 I 'm a pc technician , which means many times I 'm having to crawl under desks to unplug/plug in ports . This little flashlight is perfect for that use , it 's great for up close work . The design is rugged and feels solid . I rely on it daily and it does it 's job well .
 I 've had one of these lying around in my pocket or behind my ear for close to eight months . It 's just the perfect little light for looking in small places , without blinding some one with the LED Mini Mag I also carry . That 's right , I actually like that it 's not LED , it 's nice to have both kinds of lights for different situations . In the eight months of casual to daily use I 've put it through , I 've had to change the battery three times , but the bulb is still like new . This is very unusual , considering how Mag bulbs usually last a couple months at most.But I have to agree with the other reviewers , if you do keep it on a keychain or the larnyard it comes with , keep an eye on the battery cover . I personally passed over the keychain and just carry and use it without my mess of keys jingling and pulling the thing apart entirely . This is a decent keychain light , but it wo n't fall apart on you if just carry it in the change pocket of your jeans , a shirt pocket , without the keychain this light is small enough to fit in a larger wallet if it had to.And one little not to Mag , they should start advertising the ` candle mode ' on this thing as well as their other lights . When you keep twisting the head after turning it on anf focusing , the cap comes off and leaves the small , candle-like but exposed in a miniature lantern effect . Just set the flat end down on a table , rock , floor , any little situation where you need a small area light , and do n't lose the cap . And if you really want to use the larnyard , I 've also had this thing hang from zippers in tents and from bathroom mirrors in a power outage.I would have written this sooner , after a few months of using this thing , but yesterday I went out and bought about ten of these in assorted colors . For five bucks , this fine product must have been designed to fill stockings and pad out smaller gift purchases . Sure , they may not wear the sweater you give them , but a tiny flashlight is a tiny flashlight . It 's just dang cool .
 This is a real you-must-have-one item , I ca n't remember my life before , I never left my home without my MAGLITE SOLITAIRE and my Leatherman MICRA .
 For the price , this is a very well built flashlight , dont expect too much light output from it tho . . I bought it mainly because I can simply attach it into my key chain so whenever I need some light , it serves its purposeI 'm surprise seeing ppl gave it 1 star in term of the light output , what would you expect from a $ 5 flashlight that is the size of your finger ??
 I used this item several times to look around in my computer case -LRB- and many other computer cases -RRB- when little to no light was available . This little extremely portable light did the job just fine . I really so no other uses for it as the mini maglight is small enough for almost any job .
 I had one of these on my keychain with car keys for several years . Every once in a while , it would unscrew and the battery section would fall off . It usually ended up in bottom of my purse and I would put it back together . One day , I never found it and had to throw it away.I plan to buy another to keep in my briefcase . It 's a great flashlight and was handy .
 I bought this to use with an external mixing shower valve from eBay . This is required to adapt the outlet to US 1/2 for the shower hose .
 Product did not come with any instruction of how to adjust or what tool was needed to adjust product .
 My husband is a Heavy Equipment Mechanic and wanted this specific model of `` Channellock '' Pliers . This model was hard to find at our local home improvement stores . Great price , compared to buying from tool trucks .
 The beauty of this 5410 plier 's design is that its jaws open really wide to accommodate large nuts , or if you 're in a jam , plumbing and toilet nuts and caps . The curved handles help you apply maximum torque without stressing your hand . Highly recommended for an overall utility plier in your box .
 Features : * Thin nose design * Wire cutting shear * Cross hatching on jaws grabs work tightly * Precision made of fine polished , high carbon drop forged steel * Patented PermaLock fastener eliminates nut and bolt failuresI like these pliers.Thet 're a tad thinner than most pliers which makes them better for tight places . My shop is outside and has no a/c . No problems with surface rust or corrosion . Even though banging them with a hammer is a no-no , they held up well .
 Heavy Duty and Strong . 10 inch length gives extra leverage -LRB- power -RRB- and long reach . The pliers are actually pretty slim to give access in tight spots . Finish looks good and will resist corrosion -LRB- rust -RRB- . High quality . MADE IN USA
 I purchased this item to do repairs on a chain link fence and it worked well . It is a valuable addition to my tool box .
 These are the best multipurpose pliers made . I have had a pair for over ten years as a professional technician .
 Works great and is much less expensive than brass ones . I ca n't think of ten more words . Works great , should be sufficant .
 Update 8/22/08 : Still going strong with no noticeable drop in battery performance12 volt cordless tools seem to have been supplanted in the market place by their 18v brothers . Occasionally you will find less is more.Ergonomically designed , with an eye towards evolution and not revolution . My venerable 12v xrp drill/driver remains serviceable and on par with all current inovations . Dropped often and used almost everyday ... still never having needed professional service - clearly this is a testament to durability.5-26-07 ASAP - visit your loacal Sam 's - registered as a one time buy - the Dewalt 12v XRP drill/driver -12 v xrp batteries and carrying case - pre tax $ 108.00 . Amazon 's price is still cheap - and you may save the price of gas when you discover that the product is no longer in stock.Whereas many other manufacturesr 's drill/drivers have been redesigned to obsolesce previous battery configurations - Dewalt has supported legacy integration . It remains a sad experience to accept the demise of useful tools whose battery design is no longer supported.I have owned one Dewalt 12v XRP since 2001 and one Dewalt 14v XRP drill/driver since 2005 - the 12v XRP has always been my favorite - because of it 's light weight and sturdy construction . ... with 12v xrp batteries costing $ 50.00 - I jumped at the chance of purchasing the whole kit - drill , 2 batteries and carrying case for 108.00 plus tax.There are a lot of cordless drill/driver offerings on the market - from the inexpensive junk to the sturdy professional grade.It remains evident that the needs of the homeowner are not necessarily in line with contractors.I acknowledge the testaments of bosch , milwaukee , ryobi , hitachi , dewalt , ridgid and makita owners . Always the good and the bad.As a contractor - my defining course has always been to adhere to or define the group consensus - pick your tools in conjunction with those who work around you . Not a consideration for the do-it-yourselfer - but very important to an integrated contractor . When you work in a group that has chosen a specific , manufacturer 's platform - you always have backup -LRB- charged batteries adjustment tools , etc. -RRB- For the homeowner or stand alone handyman - there are no clear choices . Virtually all manufacturers make useful drill/drivers 12v - 18v ; price becomes paramount in evaluating a best choice.Many times - contractors work in closed groups ; always the same electrician , plumber , HVAC installer and carpenter.Over time they form a consensus for integrating tools.The 12v xrp drill / driver - the smallest brother of the 14v and 18v group is manageable by women and men - a professional tool - according to price and construction.The homeowner is cautioned - not to indiscriminately perceive a cost/value advantage for `` professional tools . `` The reality is that professional tools may not necessarily perform at a higher level but are perceived to have greater lomgevity.I have had great success with my dewalt xrp drill/drivers and have convinced my associated contractors to support the advantages of a single manufacturer discipline.For me - dewalt drill/drivers make sense.For the average homeowner - there may be no need to pay the premium on what is called a professsional tool.addendum : The wobble factor - if you have a cordless drill - you probably know what I am talking about . More pronounced when chucking up hex shank bits - every cordless drill driver that I have ever used wobbles . So far - I have not received an adequate explanation as to why this happens . It is what it is.Caslo
 I have owned an earlier version of this for years , and while there seems to be a voltage arms race which has left this tool in the dust , it is a superb tool with more than adequate power . Only a professional who uses a drill all day long needs more voltage . With steel gears , it should last forever , but expect to replace the batteries every four years or so . That said , it should be noted that it is designed for continual use , and is far more tool than a typical homeowner needs . Someone who needs a drill for Saturday projects would be far better off getting a 12 or 14-volt Hitachi , which is lighter and fine for occasional use . I have one of these , also , and am very happy with it .
 great value for the money . Dewalt tools are workhorses . This is was a replacement for one that I had for eight years .
 just every thing about this drill/driver is great . i have used a few and this one just tops the rest . u ca n't beat the price for this dewalt , and i got the 12-volt because of the power it has to drive the screws in easy , just a great drill
 Bought so I could get replacement batteries ... I already owned one Dewalt Drill for a 5 years when the battery finally finally stopped working ... I looked for replacements at Lowe 's and Home Depot in Austin Texas but none had the rechargable 12-V ... they only had the 18-V . I looked online and saw that a replacement 12-V on amazon was about 60 bucks ... so for a little more I got this one with two chargers and the drill . I still use my old Dewalt with the new batteries and have this one as a back-up . Highly recommend Dewalt Drills in general . : - -RRB-
 This is a good tool that can be used to earn a living . The chuck is metal , not plastic , and has the internal durability for extended use .
 We use these tools for a commercial cabinet company and find them to have plenty of power and are durable .
 I have had great success with dewalt tools and this 12V drill/driver workhorse is no exception . Have been using this drill/driver for three years now and completely tackled everything I threw at it and then some . Quality steel gears , more than adequate power for a 12V drill/driver , and built like a tank with no sign of even wearing down . Should last me many , many more years to come . Exceptional value !
 We finally purchased a new toilet , replacing a water-hogging , poorly flushing 25-year old beast . The Toto Willingham is great . It has a much smaller profile because of the 1.6 g water tank . It flushes perfectly every time , and refills in an astonishing 18 seconds . The curves of the Willingham match well with the similarly designed pedestal sink in our tiny bathroom . It was expensive , but it has style , works perfectly , and we are thoroughly happy with it .
 Very classy item . Contemporary style . A great quality product . Reasonable price . You wo n't regret it . The most important thing is my wife loves it .
 It works exactly as you would expect it to once you have purchased the tool , blade guide , blade and roller footplate . This whole package costs $ 400 + , but if you need this level of performance the cost is negligible.The Good : - Tool starts and stops smoothly with minimal vibration.-Smooth and even cutting , with perfectly smooth edges for many different foam types.-Footplate accessory -LRB- sold seprately -RRB- quickly and easily detaches and re-attaches for perfectly perpendicular cuts.The Bad : - Difficult to align the blade guide for attachment.-Cord could be longer-Does not include any blade guides or blades-Cost
 We have used this saw to cut thousands of lineal feet of both 4 & 2 '' foam . never let us down . Still using the first set of blades
 I was looking for a replacement foam cutter for my 15 year old Bosch . Never thought Amazon would be the one to provide it and low and behold they had the best price , best service and the best delivery . My shop was back up and running in two days and I did n't have to leave the office . Bosch foam cutters have proven their longevity.Bosch 1575A Foam Rubber Cutter
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 Overall , I am quite happy with this product -LRB- a mid-range switch and a wire-in receiver -RRB- . Doing conventional wiring in this particular place in my old house would be extremely messy , costly and time consuming . Installation of this receiver took 10 minutes total . Anybody can do it.Now , the `` but '' parts.The switches available for this receiver do not look like most conventional switches , which may present an interior decoration challenge.I also discovered a design quirk . If you start switching `` on '' and `` off '' relatively quickly , several times with less then 60 seconds intervals , the receiver or switch -LRB- can not tell -RRB- stops working for a while . It just refuses to turn on the light . Not that one would really need to do it in real life , but it indicates a potential design limitation or even a flaw.Anyway , I saved tons of time and money with this combo and overall am very happy . I wish there were more products like this on the market .
 This receiver fit easily into the ceiling light fixture . It was a breeze to connect and pair with the transmitter . It works perfectly .
 This transmitter works great with my outdoor security light . I 'm a licensed electrician and it was very easy to install . Make sure it is installed in a weatherproof box to prevent water damage . Suggest getting a qualiied electrician to install . It is a money saver eliminating the need for extra wiring .
 I HAVE BOUGHT A BUNCH OF THEM . EVERY ONE THAT I HAVE INSTALLED THEM FOR HAS BEEN VERY HAPPY AND SATISFIED
 This wireless receiver and its accompanying transmitter/switch perform flawlessly and the product was easy to install and setup . I have used it for about 6 months without any problems and I am about to buy another receiver to control another light on my terrace .
 I have been using Lightning Switches for well over 3 years now , and for the most part have found them to be a great product . I live in a antebellum farm house that makes wiring a challenge . These units have saved me countless money and hours installing switching throughout the house . Two examples . In the upstairs part of the house we put receivers in every bedroom overhead light , and the two hall lights . Each room has its own toggle switch , and at the bottom of the stairs is a toggle for the hall , and an on/off that controls all the upstairs light together . One button push and all lights are off . The other is for the Christmas decorations . I built outlet boxes with a receiver in it . Plug all the decorations into these boxes , then use one on/off transmitter to control all of the decorative lights in the house.The only downside I ever had was some early recievers that worked backwards on the on/off switch , but Lightning Switch replaced them for free , and I have had no problems since then.For older houses these are a true time and money saver , with great versatility .
 I have an old Victorian home with plaster walls , so when I wanted to replace a ceiling light fixture that has no wall switch I was delighted to find this product.Pros : - Easy installation - Works as expected ; no frills . - No wiring or batteries needed for the wall switch ! - Switch simply mounts to the wall with the included double-sided tape . -LRB- Or screws , but I chose the tape . -RRB- Cons : - Receiver is somewhat large . I was unable to fit it in the junction box of my fixture and had to mount it on the ceiling next to the fixture -LRB- and drill a hole in the fixture out of which to run the wires -RRB- . However , by doing so , the receiver is always accessible for re-calibrating it to the switch . It would have been nice if an additional double-sided tape were included for mounting the receiver to the ceiling . - A bit pricey -LRB- but , hey , still cheaper than paying an electrician to wire up a switch -RRB- . If the receiver were half the size I would have given this 5 stars .
 These are very high quality well made devices , well worth the money if you are tired of poor quality plugs . They click and lock on securely .
 I purchased 4 of these . I gave one to each of my sons and I use my two . We love them . The best plug replacement I 've ever purchased . I will be converting all my connections to Qwik Loks .
 I bought this to use with an external mixing shower valve from eBay . This is required to adapt the outlet to US 1/2 for the shower hose .
 If you are still using a VersaPak tool , this is the replacement battery for you . Unlike the original NiCad batteries , these NiMH batteries have no `` memory '' issues and will hold a charge for months while on the shelf . In addition , they deliver more power for over twice the time before discharge , and have a working life of many years.This product is very difficult to find in retail stores . If you want to rejuvinate your B&D ; VersaPak power tools , scrap the silver -LRB- NiCad -RRB- and go for the gold -LRB- NiMH -RRB- . It 's well worth the extra cost -LRB- the Gold purchased on-line is actually cheaper than the Silver at retail price -RRB- .
 I use these for battery powered scrub brush as well as garden battery power tools , and these are longer lasting than the regular ones that usually come with the products that you get .
 I have been using the VersaPak Gold VP110 NiMH batteries in my Dustbuster DB800 for years without any problems.They are always ready for me to use and they charge overnight in the dustbuster charger when they are completely dead.I just wish they were offered together with a separate charger.They are worth every penny of the extra cost and they will be the last VersaPak batteries you will ever need to buy !
 I have two screwdrivers and two saws . Each require these type of batteries.I find these batteries work best if they are charged , then removed from the charger . Yes , they may lose some power while sitting on the shelf , but their overall life is extended.If , however , they are placed in a charger and allowed to remain there for a long period of time , their overall life is shorter . This somehow relates to a chemical reaction within the battery . Its life is shortened if it is constantly in a charger .
 Exactly as advertised , great value.USPS , slower but reliable internationally.Totally satisfied customer
 SHOPPED AROUND FOR A DEAL ON THESE BATTERIES . SEVERAL WEB SITES WANTED $ 25 . PER BATT . . AT THIS SITE THE DEAL WAS MUCH BETTER . 6 FOR AROUND $ 90 . PAYS TO SHOP AROUND.RAY B.
 The Versapak batteries and system by Black and Decker is great . It is to bad that these were not the batteries that were supplied with the Versapak tools . I bought my first Gold battery over five years ago , and it still works like new . They are stronger , last longer per charge , and last a much longer time than the silver batteries . I 'm convinced that the Versapak tools would have been a hit if they came with the Gold batteries .
 Same batteries as local hardware stores and Home Depot sells but at 1/2 the price by buying this 6 pack . If you have devices that need this battery , this is the way to go .
 The price of the 6 pack of Versapak Gold Batteries was a great value for the money , and finding them at such a reasonable rate was surprizing ! I have a lot of things that require the Versapak batteries , and thought it would be difficult finding what I needed . The seller sent out the 6 pack of Versapak Gold batteries very quickly , The package arrived with no dammage , and I could tell care had been given.Looking forward too longer life batteries , I would definately buy from this seller again !
 I had Ni Cad original batteries . They were almost finished . These are more powerful and last longer . Plus they do n't have the memory that Ni Cad have . Delivery was fast .
 Assuming these batteries deliver as specified , they a re a dramatic improvement in stored energy per battery for the Versapac powered hand tools .
 This item is well worth the upgrade from the Silver NiCad units . NiMH is a superior battery . I have three Dustbusters and 4 or 5 Scum buster scrub brushes , also a few screwdrivers by B&D . I was ready to write the whole collection off because of failing silver batteries , when I spotted the Gold batteries at Lows for $ 18.00 each . I had thought that Versapac batteries were off the market , seeing as the tools that use the Versapac removable batteries do n't seem to be marketed anymore . A search of Amazon was rewarded with a source of the Gold batteries at a price that is very attractive , in fact cheaper than the B&D site , and cheaper than they were back in the days when they were available at many Retailers . The performance of the Dustbuster is unbelievable with these batteries . One caution , the six pac does not have protective end caps included .
 I have several of the Black and Decker items that use the versapak batteries . I really did not want to replace them so I was glad to find some new batteries
 The pricing was lower around christmas , but still a good value . I did find the price lower at a Black And Decker outlet . The service was very good , and I am satisfide with the purchase .
 I dont know how but these are the best batteries for there purpose Ive ever used.Long lasting and lots of power for the cordless screwdriver that I use vp-810
 The price of the 6 pack of Versapak Gold Batteries was a great value for the money , and finding them at such a reasonable rate was surprizing ! I have a lot of things that require the Versapak batteries , including a vaccum cleaner , and thought it would be difficult finding what I needed . The seller sent out the 6 pack of Versapak Gold batteries very quickly , and gave thought when packing them . The package arrived with no dammage , and I could tell care had been given . I would definately buy from this seller again !
 An error in shipment resulted in an older , but compatible version of the batteries to be shipped . I contacted the seller immediately and was promptly shipped the correct item without needing to go through the hassle of returning the incorrect item .
 These batteries last longer and are much more powerful than the silver versapak kind . Try the gold and you will never use the silver again .
 Many of the hand showers that I looked at were huge ! They looked like the hand-held showers that you typically would install as a replacement shower head . I did n't want anything like that . I wanted something on the smaller side to use to wash out my twin toddlers ' hair and rinse the tub after bathing , similar to what you might see on a kitchen sink . I can imagine a big honking hand shower getting in the way , falling off it 's little holder stand , and being more of a nuisance than anything else.Most of the other hand showers have manual diverters so you have to pull the lever or however you would typically turn off the tub spout and turn on the shower head . This one is a push-button , making like a little easier when you 're also convincing two > 2 yr olds that sitting down in the tub is best . The smaller overall size of the hand shower , though larger than a kitchen sink sprayer , and the push-button feature are the two main reasons I chose Danze over Moen . I love that the finish does n't have the yellow undertones of the Moen , which probably is n't noticeable unless held side by side.I 'm very happy with my selection !
 As far as aesthetics go , it looks good . The concept is great . It just feels cheap compared to their other fixtures.I am not sure if all of the finishes are all like this or its just the chrome one but I purchased this because the one that came with the danze opulence roman tub faucet fixtures broke . The other fixtures , the handles and faucet are a heavy , weighty metal . They are made to last , excellent quality . I do n't know why they dropped the ball with the sprayer . Compared to the faucets , to me , this feels light and cheap.When the plumber tried to install it , when he tightened it , the inner plastic part broke so I had to buy a replacement . I only needed the sprayer but they do n't sell it by itself , had to get this kit with the other parts I do n't need.Maybe they did it this way because they wanted it light since you are carrying it in your hand . I just wish the plastic parts were a little tougher .
 I really like the feel and heft of this sprayer . It is decorative and adds a lot of character to the tub .
 Great product and works well . Mounted out on the street corner with full sun and it last a good 6-8 hours on a charge .
 purchased four of these house numbers . Very easy to set up . Placed one at front door and it gets a good charge in the shade and can be seen very well from road . Took two and mounted them to boards and placed them at angles at end of driveway and they work perfectly also . Ordered an extra one since the prior reviews were not very favorable . So now I need to find a place to put that one also .
 Bought this product to provide a more visible house number - especially at night . Our house is a bit off the road and it was difficult for visitors to see the house number we had . This product provides a good visible number both during the day and at night . It has a nice , bright white light at night that highlights the black numbers great . Happy with the results .
 I purchased this solar address number set at an exceptional value of $ 9.99 . We live in a not so well lit area and it is difficult to see house numbers at night . This item worked okay for 2 months and then it did not light up as well . Eventually it faded to no light . I thought it was a deal but after a few months I found out it was not . Do n't waste your money .
 Bought one of these several months ago for my Mom , and it has been working fine since then . It has full sun exposure for the morning , and runs about 6-7 hours with a full charge . Only complaint is that it is very `` plastic-y '' -- so far , so good , but it does not appear to be very sturdy . But , considering the price -LRB- bought it at a steep discount from the normal price -RRB- I 'm very pleased with it . Just bought another for my Mom 's neighbor who wanted one for her house .
 This book gives a good general overview of the types of dust collection systems avaialable to the home woodshop . It discusses how to calculate air flow , types of collectors and materails for vents , with good illustrations of the topics . This is a first step in determining the right type of dust collection system for your shop .
 I have used the pole dimmers in the past that have the manual slide . Initially I did n't like this one as each time you hit the on sie it turns on to the last ` dim ' setting . You press the the upper portion of the switch 2x and it goes full bright -LRB- actually you can double tap the top or bottom for full bright -RRB- . If the kids are sleeping you do n't have to slide the dimmer up and down to guess what the brightness will be when you flip it on . One touch to the top and it just comes on the previous dim setting which is very nice .
 It is a great light switch and dimmer . I would highly recommend it and believe it is easy to install .
 Ok , it is pricey . But what this switch does is just incredible . If you want to modernize you home , this is the device . These folks at Lutron have gone Edison one step further .
 I 've been looking , for a light this size to match the Small ones
 This brushed nickel light is really pretty . It 's one of the few fixtures I 've found that will hold the new flourescent bulbs . Several fixtures I 've tried only use 60 watt candescent , because the new bulbs are too large . The really lights up the room . Sheradan Lighting is an outstanding Amazon Seller .
 I 've used `` come-alongs '' for about 30 years for everything from taking down trees , installing chain link fence , moving sheds and pulling my truck out of the mud , but until about 10 years ago I always borrowed one when I needed it . When I decided to get my own , I was disappointed in the quality that I found available . Light-weight is n't a bad thing , but when I handled the ones available at local stores or the one my Dad got me as a present , I could n't see putting any real stress on them . They 're good for light-duty applications but I have no confidence they would hold up when I really needed them to.Continued research led me to Tuf-Tug , and while it was 3x the cost of what I found in Lowe 's or Home Depot I 'm more than happy to pay the price . What I got was without question heavy-duty . Just holding the handle you 'll be able to feel the difference . The 20 ' cable is twice as long as anything else I found , and there 's a tension spring to keep the cable tight around the wheel assembly . I also like that there 's a lever to engage or disengage the rachet . My old one has a springed tab that has to be held open when you want to move the handle without racheting the cable , but this one has 2 separate positions so it can all be done with one hand . Pulling out the cable is a little bit harder ; you need to anchor the cable and hold open the stop lever . I tried holding open the stop lever and pulling the cable by hand and I was unable to get the wheel to spin . But once anchored , even just by stepping on the swivel hook , the cable pulls out no problem.I also like that nothing is riveted . All parts are mounted with bolts , and a replacement parts list is provided so if anything breaks -LRB- I do n't see how -RRB- , you need to replace the cable or you run over it with a truck you can perform your own repairs/maintenance . And the Tuf-Tug is Made In USA , and does n't appear to have cut any corners to make it competitive with the cheap Made In China ones stocked in the big stores.If you 're just looking for a light-duty cable puller to stretch fencing , then this is over-kill and you should get something cheaper . But if you like buying a tool once and never having to buy another , then I recommend a Tuf-Tug . It 's heavier and more expensive than others on the market , but it feels like a product that wo n't break and will be reliable when it really matters .
 The Tuf-Tug puller is a heavy duty piece of equipment . I used this unit for the purpose of pulling tree stumps out of the ground in my front yard . I cut down twelve juniper trees that were over 20 ft tall with trunk diameters from seven to thirteen inches and one ash tree with a stump about ten inches in diameter.I read other reviews for less expensive units and decided against them . After the fact I am pleased to say that I am glad I made this decision.The idea of using a come-a-long type puller for tree stump removal is a very good one provided you purchase a puller of heavy duty construction because it will require a considerable amount of pull tension just to get the stump to move slightly . And I am referring to a stump that you have cut roots down to about almost two feet below the ground level.I secured one end to a bigger stump -LRB- I used a 5400 lb . rated chain -RRB- and the other to the weaker stump -LRB- I used a 7000 lb . rated nylon tow strap -RRB- that I want to remove , and I cut whatever remaining roots are left with a pick axe that has an axe on one end -- the ones designed for chopping . These other roots are under the stump and you will find them as the stump starts to move from its original position . Use water to soften the dirt . The only thing I may have needed would be a 15 lb . sledge hammer to get the stump to move faster.For safety , I also used 1/2 inch lag bolts -LRB- drill a hole and screw them into the stump -RRB- to secure the chain and strap because when the stump starts to move , you do n't want the strap slipping over the stump as it tilts toward the puller ! Two lag bolts over the strap and one through the chain does the trick . `` Safety First '' as the old saying goes.Five thousand pounds of pull tension is not something you take lightly because it can be a dangerous undertaking in the hands of a person who does not think the hazards through . The handle is designed to bend if the user decides to torque the unit beyond its pull rating , which means that it is designed correctly and with safety in mind.Yet , for the individual serious about doing the somewhat `` big '' job , this tool is made very well and will pull at the rated tension . Tuf-Tug does not over estimate the capabilities of its equipment as some other manufactures may claim . It is made in the USA and is a High Quality Tool and money well spent .
 There are just some items where corners should n't be cut , and come-alongs are one of them . This unit is the best by far I 've ever owned , or used for that matter.It is sooo nice to have 20 ft of cable to take up slack in long lines . By the time you get 75 ft of cable taught with a 6ft puller you 're out of room to pull ! Grrr ... And this is solid , no stamped steel handle here . Definitely know it 's there when you 're carrying it through the woods though ... I no longer have to worry about being stranded in the woods when wheeling or losing a tree logging , and to me that alone is worth the extra money .
 This Tool Make My Life Very Easy To Lift Refrigeration Compressors Up to 20ft No Problem When Lifting Easy to Used .
 A little more expensive than most but it is a superior product . I have burned up several off the shelf models but this one is a beast . It has incredible power . Make sure you eat your Wheaties before handling it as it is no lightweight . Totally worth the money and you will never have to buy another .
 No problems really , other than it was n't a Simonds file . It was made in Pakistan or something like that . If you are selling a Simonds file , send a Simonds file ... just what I would think .
 The Hansgrohe shower arm mount is a simple holder that mounts to a standard shower pipe . It works well with handheld shower arms like the Raindance E150 . You will need also need a hose to complete the assembly -- any hose seems to fit the standard connections . I do n't recommend the Hansgrohe hoses as they are too expensive given that they are made of plastic .
 This is a perfect match to the original Hansgrohe showerarm mount that I broke on my Hansgrohe Raindance AIR 3-Jet handshower set . Arrived promptly in the original Hansgrohe packaging . Also much less expensive here at Amazon than anywhere else .
 This was the exact part needed and a great price ! Needed a replacement mount that was sturdy and this fit the bill . Local stores carry it , but at a significantly higher price .
 This mount fit perfectly with our Hansgrohe hand shower unit and its associated hose . One fact that may not be immediately clear is that it is adjustable -- it can be tilted up , down , left , and right , and angled if need be .
 Easy to install and seems to be holding the finish well . Bought with a Hansgrohe hand shower and it all fits together well as expected .
 If you love a nice , wide stream of water in your shower , this is for you . It was easy to install -LRB- no plumber necessary -RRB- and has worked great since we got it .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 This is super heavy duty . It has more power than coorded versions . . I think because the technology is modern , it 's machined with greater precision . It is quite heavy , heavier than a coorded tool.This can take off lug nuts of semi-trucks . Note that the chuck is a quick change hex . That means you will need an adapter to use standard sockets to remove lug nuts.This is essentially an impact wrench that has been re-tooled for self feed bit and auger bit drilling into things like telephone poles , railroad ties , and walls of buildings . With a normal drill , when a large bit like that gets bound up , the drill will just keep turning and you can literally break your wrist . With this , the impact is absorbed by the hammer/anvil of the drill .28 v batteries last a very long time in this drill . This drill is also a heavier duty commercial grade big brother to the 18v version , it 's not just the battery size that is different . The entire tool is beefed up.It can drill massively wide and deep holes , it can remove nuts . It is heavy duty . And the battery will last forever . If you are in the market for this type of tool , then this is the one to get.Downside . . not compatible with 18v systems.Hope that helps !
 When I originally became aware of this tool , I asked my contractor friends , what 's it good for . The answer seemed to be
 ... went through 8,000 of these while laying Pine flooring across a week . Ran these through my Ridgid angled nailer . They fit great and I did n't have a single problem with the nails . Pretty great quality assurance , at least from my perspective . The last thing I want to deal with while in the middle of laying 1500 sq. ft. of flooring is crappy nails . These are solid , ran well , and a good deal to boot . I will definitely buy again .
 Works great on the double glass doors of my training center.Was very easy to install and set chime . ~ Geri
 I have a 1000 square foot medical office and needed an alarm for when patients entered the front door . The door chime sounds nice and sounds off about 99 % of the time . The unit is relatively easy to install , but the volume is rather loud and does not really lower much . Otherwise , it is a great product for the price and I would recommend it .
 Bought this handy little item from another well-known home improvement store , for roughly the same price . I wanted a chime for the front gate , as it is the only point of entrance around my house that does not have a lock . After a bit of trial-and-error , it is now working flawlessly . I wrapped it in kitchen plastic wrap and a little bit of duct tape , and secured it to the gate with zip-ties . Yeah , it 's a little MacGyver 'd , but I get a nice chime everytime the gate is opened.A couple of minor cons : The unit needs to be aligned just right for it to properly work . If the smaller piece is too low or too high , you wo n't get the chime . Also , the volume of the receiver is pretty high , even at the lowest setting.One nice thing that the unit features is multiple tones . One ding , a ding-dong , and that chime that every grandfather clock seems to have -LRB- I think it 's called `` Westminster '' -RRB- . You just have to change the jumpers on the back panel.If you are looking for a good chime to give you a heads-up that you have a visitor , you could do a lot worse than this little guy .
 Works as they said . Needed an entry alarm at my new office . Hung sensor on door in 5 minutes with just a screwdriver . Actual chime is in another room about 80 feet away and works fine . Only problem I had was my wireless door bell was on same frequency . So if someone opened the door my door chime and door bell went off each a little apart . Almost sounded like a grandfather clock . Was easy to fix . Per simple instructions I just had to change the little jumper position.Shipping was mega fast . I had just printed the receipt after ordering and 5 minutes later the UPS driver showed up -LRB- just kidding but it was fast -RRB-
 i have had this on my outside gate to announce when someone opens the gate . been there since 2004 . . life saver . . you have to wrap or cover the transmitter to keep it from the weather . but it dosent stop it from transmiting . . very cool thing to have if you want to monitor a door or gate . .
 DThe device itself works as advertised . The double sided tape that came with it was junk , but once the sensor had fallen off the door the first time and I replaced it with good tape , it 's worked well . I did have to play with the jumpers so as to only have it going off when it should -LRB- crosstalk with another device in the area -RRB- .
 I Use it as a door bell so I can hear people coming into my shop . I Would recommend it
 I needed a chime for my office to let us know when someone entered when we were in the warehouse . This little unit fit the bill perfectly . The door part consists of a small transmitter and a separate magnetic reed switch . Mounting the two was easy and quick . However because of the finish on my door , the double-sided tape was n't strong enough to hold the reed switch so it has fallen off . I will have to devise a better mounting solution . The receiver unit plugs into a standard AC plug and is ready to go . Provides a nice doorbell sound every time the door is opened . Since this is a wireless unit , the setup is fast and the flexibility of this system is great ! Just needs better mounting options .
 We purchased one of these for our office about five years ago and it works great . The chime is not high pitched which is really nice . We just purchased another one from Amazon .
 I found the product easy to install . Hope it lasts a few years like the first one I bought did .
 Easy to install and reliable . we use it on our sons door that we will know if he tries to roam the house in the night . Works fabulous
 This item was purchased to alert us when someone enters our office . The building is 2,000 square feet and were having difficulties with unannounced visitors . Now everyone knows when some enters or exits . It 's loud enough to be heard throughout the building without being obnoxious .
 I have been very pleased with this sensor . I just bought it for a third office . You can put the speaker anywhere within 100 feet so it does n't have to be up front chiming at everyone in the waiting room . I want to be able to hear it when I am in the back of the office so I can put the speaker there ... this is perfect for that . Plus the two small boxes that go on the door and frame are nice and small . Works perfect - great price .
 I 've had a Heath Wireless Plug-In Chime with Entry-Alert Sensor for over ten years . Just bought another one , for my son , for his mailbox . I use it for my mail alarm . Placed the sensor and magnet in the box , the bell unit is plugged inside house ... . Saves trips to check the mail . Also , used it for a bell for disabled person 's bedroom . -LRB- use a Heath-Zenith compatible button for this -RRB- , it rings the same box as when my mailbox is opened . Never had a problem with the unit . Works great !
 Very easy to install . I have the chime plugged-in in the basement and the sound is loud and clear . The volume can be adjusted as well .
 The chime is perfect if you wish to plug-in away from the door - but the volume adjust does n't work . Seems to have just a single setting . But it works fine for our office where we have the sensor on the main door and the chime plugged in the back lab where we can hear it through the back office .
 Perfect for working in the back room while being alerted to custormers coming in the front door . No problems except we dropped it and a plastic thing broke off of the battery case sliding door . You can change the Westminster chime to a single Ding and its not going to drive everyone crazy . Works thru a glass window . Get the extra battery just in case .
 I work in a secluded suite in my office due to the confidential nature of what I do and have been scared out of my wits , or caught in a confidential conversation , when someone walked in who I did n't hear . This chime is awesome and works great . Even at the lowest volumn setting it was a bit loud so I just put a piece of clear packing tape over the speaker , except the upper most section , which muted it perfectly - so the chime would n't scare me too . LOL I 'm really not a scardy cat , just jumpy at times !
 I had purchased this door monitor because my youngest son kept getting up at night and had the run of the house all night long . Since we have gotten the monitor , he has never come out of his bedroom at night , even to go to the bathroom . So it is definitely working as a deterant . Installing the equipment was easy . The only issue I have is that there is a 2-3 second delay between the time that the door is open and the time that the chime sounds . Since the speaker and the door are only about 20 feet apart , I am not sure why this is . Anyway , my son is finally getting the rest he needs for school and I am not worrying about the house burning down every night . Much better !
 Works as expected most times , with transmitters on 1st floor and receiver on 2nd floor of my home . Occasionally , does n't chime when expected . Occasionally , chimes when door is n't opened . I may try the tricks here to extend the antenna and to change the frequency with the jumpers.Although not available from Amazon , a second transmitter can be purchased at a decent price . Google `` Heath SL-6169 ''
 Bought this product for the office . Works really well , has plenty of `` BING '' . Transmits 50 + feet through one wall . Only problem I had was with the sticky backing of the transmiter . After 4 months it fell off -LRB- only reason it got 4 stars -RRB- . No big deal , used a 3M command strip and it 's working fine . Set up is easy and actually had to put it at a 90 deg angle to each other -LRB- transmiter set up -RRB- and still works fine . Now nobody sneeks up on us . If you 're looking for a simple , easy product that works well for the price you ca n't beat it .
 I purchased this for my daughter 's Bake Shop.Heath Zenith SL-6168-C Wireless Plug-In Chime with Entry-Alert Sensor , WhiteTried other alerts and this is the best . Recommmend it for others .
 This unit works well once you change the frequency from that which comes factory set . If you leave it like the factory sets it you get quite a few false rings possibly from aberrant signals in the area . Also , the battery in the remote unit does not insert solidly so you have to be really quick to get the door back on it . Finally , I do n't believe you can set it so that it only has one chime for the entry . Your choices are either Westminster or ding-dong . I 'd prefer a single ding -LRB- or dong -RRB- . Otherwise , it is a very nice unit . I 'd recommend it . Amazon 's return is also very hassle-free as I had to replace the first unit I received . They sent out a return label and a new unit . Very efficient .
 The only reason I did n't give this a five star is because it 's not fun to deal with internally , but the range is terrific . I 've only had it for a day , and the sensor is downstairs on the garage door whereas the chime is upstairs , and I can plug it in in any room ! Now I wo n't get snuck up on !!!
 Have an office and a back room that needed some sort of ringer when the customers came in the front . Works just fine . Be sure to follow directions , and it should work just fine . Never had any problems with this unit as of yet , had this for about 6 months now .
 Very short and to the point easy to install and set up . Use it for my office to alert me when someone enters the front door in case we are in the warehouse area . Very loud and destintive alert . Good product highly recommend it .
 Just installed in a small two story retail boutique setting . The sensor is on the first floor in the back , the receiver/chime second floor in the front . Works every time . The magnet is about 3/4 '' from the sensor which exceeds the recommended gap , but it still works . The instruction says three tone settings are possible
 Great product ! Bought it for our candy store , and works great . Loud , Audible , reliable , easy to install . Great when using for a store / business where you need to detect incoming customers from when you 're not on the sales floor . Highly recommend this product to any small business owners .
 Easy to install and works well . Volume control could have a bit more range . It 's still quite loud even on the lowest setting . Solved that by taping some bubble wrap over the speaker . Otherwise a great system .
 Works OK - but if there is a heavy wall in the way - it does not work - Mine had a stairway in the way and it would not work - but as soon as I moved it to a hallway it worked fine
 Easy to install -LRB- about 1/2 way down btw - it otherwise does n't chime -RRB- . Loud enough to hear throughout our 5000 sq ft shop - but not unpleasant . Makes it far easier to have one person in the shop and still working - not having to check all the time that a noise is or is n't a customer.I think it also lets customers know that the shop is attended even if we 're not up in the front .
 I have been looking for items like this for a while , I tried several product none of them work
 excellent product . our office s in our home . if no one is in the office downstairs i know when someone comes in .
 We needed something to notify us when patients came through the door and we where busy in the back office . We love it . We can place the sound anywhere there is an outlet . Easy to install and very efficient .
 We have the transmitter installed about 50 ' from our warhouse door and this works great . It was easy to install and it does have some different tones to select from .
 Bought a couple years ago for our office . Only had to replace batteries once so far . Works great . Only problem is that since we ca n't mount it with screws and have to use a sticky backing instead then we have had to occassionally reattach it to the door with additional sticky backing . Other that that , pleased with product .
 In order for this product to work well , you have to change the frequency using jumpers , and unless the chime and sensor are real close together , you have to relocate the red antenna that 's located inside the chime to the outside of the enclosure , which requires some minor handiwork with a screwdriver . I now have it working on my detached garage entry door which is about 100 feet away from the chime , and the chime is inside a bedroom in the house . Without those 2 changes it would not work reliably but once you have it set up its a lot of ding-dong for very little bucks !
 We needed to have a remote door sensor to alert us when customers came in while we were in the back working . The product works perfect . Set up was easy , but do n't use the stick tape , screw it in . Our door jambs are metal and heated up with the sun and down came the sensor .
 We have a large porch and a couple years ago got tired of visitors `` sneaking up on us '' , forcing us to run from upstairs to answer the front door . We had been using a `` As Seen On TV Driveway Patrol Infrared Wireless Alert System '' inside our porch screen door to be alerted to visitors before they got to the front door , however , after 18 months , the bitter cold Mid-west temps caused a series of three `` Driveway Patrols '' to give constant false alarms -LRB- often at 2 AM ! -RRB- . I realized we needed a differently designed tool for the job.After a bit of research , I learned that the heat sensing of the patrol device was not reliable and magnets where the solution ! I found several different magnet type entry alerts , but chose the `` Heath Zenith Wireless Plug-In Chime with Entry-Alert '' after reading the other reviews and the reasonable price . We 've had this device for about four weeks and it has worked consistently during our very cold weather during that time.I 've only have two issues with the `` Heath Zenith Wireless Plug-In Chime with Entry-Alert '' . First , one of the two 23A 12v batteries included with the device was dead -- luckily I 'd already ordered and extra spare battery -LRB- Wireless Doorbell Replacement Battery #SL -6198 - B -RRB- . Second , the chime must be plugged in -LRB- it does not have a battery option -RRB- , so it limited the locations we could place the chime . The nice thing about the `` Driveway Patrol '' was the chime runs on batteries allowing us to place it where it could be easily heard.Shortly after successfully setting up the Heath Zenith Chime system , I realized we needed to get a second chime -LRB- due to the first one being poorly located at our only available plug-in receptacle downstairs -RRB- . Many of the Heath Zenith chime systems share the same signaling and the systems can be joined together to expand your home coverage . As we only needed one door entry alert , I went with a `` Heath Zenith Basic Wireless Plug-In Door Chime with Two Transmitters , White #SL -6142 - C '' -LRB- a chime with two doorbells -RRB- . Now we have one chime upstairs and one down as well as a doorbell for both the front and back doors .
 Extremely happy with it . My only complaint is the volume adjuster on the sound box does n't do anything . In order to make it a little quieter , I had to tape gauze over it .
 Exactly what we need for the entrance of our shop.Replaced our last untit after 2-3 years of usage . Somehow it got less accurate and worked from time to time . I tried a new battery but still the same . A rough estimate of how many times it had to chime is around 40,000 at least ! It 's an amazing little unit.Just bought 2 extra units , just in case !
 This product works perfectly and as described . Ignore the posts by a few that didnt take due care to read the description . I have the chime around 80ft away from the sensor and behind a wall . It sounds every time the door is opened . If you need to know when someone opens a door , buy this product !
 I was looking to replace our existing doorbell chime because our house was hit with lightning and burn up the doorbell . This one that has all the different tunes that our old one had . And a good price too .
 Great chimes . Love the chime choices . We have had this a few months and have had no problems with the unit .
 My son , the electrician , installed this door bell in our new home . One chime rings a tune for the front door and the mudroom rings just a DING DONG chime . I ca n't wait until next Christmas when I can change the chimes to a Christmas tune . Fun .
 I must admit up front I bought these lights around Christmas , so what is my excuse for not running down to the local Wal-Mart and grabbing a set , easy as my wife says Lazy and Cheap.These lights were cheap but performed very well outside for a good 4-5 months until shame lend me to a late march retrieval of these bad boys . Long story short you want lights , you want them cheap this is a good set , wo n't turn your house in the Grizwalds ' by itself , but it will do the job .
 Plain , basic white lights for my Christmas tree . I get migraine headaches and the LED lights flicker just enough to trigger a headache . I only found the LED lights in the stores so I looked up on Amazon.com and found these . Perfect for my tree and my head . Just plain and basic .
 We got our first live tree this year and these lights worked great . We got 8 boxes for a 7 ft. tree . I recommend getting a light tester to replace any burnt out lights . The tree stayed lit all thru the season and I did not replace any bulbs while the tree was up .
 We got a couple boxes of these lights to add to our existing collection . They work beautifully . Absolutely no complaints .
 I got tired of driving all over town trying to find the white lights . The lights on my pre-lit tree bit the dust . Ordered these and within days received . I am very please with the service and the product .
 They do everything they are supposed to . First year using them so we 'll see if everything looks good next year too .
 The string of these lights that was installed on our artificial tree lasted almost 10 years . Not bad considering all of the bending the wires had to withstand when the tree was folded and unfolded every year . The two strings I purchased both lit up when I connected them - so far so good .
 These are good quality strings of lights . They have worked well for weeks and were delivered quickly . Ca n't comment yet on how long they will last . I took one star away because of the high price .
 It really is a 6-7/8 inch saw , but mine came with a lower guard from the 18 volt , 6-1/2 inch saw , so the blade would n't fit . An eMail to Milwaukee brought the correct part in two days . I clamped a 3/4 inch pipe in the vise and very carefully eased the blade into it . In three seconds it was two pipes ! No loud screaming noise . No bad tendencies to grab or kickback . No sparks . Does n't leave any burrs . The cut metal is barely warm . This saw slices through steel like a magic trick!The metal chips are very thin flakes . They are well controlled and do n't fly out with much velocity , but they stick to clothing and even a magnet does n't catch all of them . Eye protection is really important.For electrical work this is much better than a portable bandsaw . It 's faster and it cuts dry , so there 's no oil slinging around , and no need to file the cut edges . Uni-Strut and conduit cut just like 2x4s .
 Beautiful chandelier ... had it installed and was very pleased with it.That evening I put all the lightbulbs into it - -LRB- the electrician used a single bulb during the installation to show me that all the sockets worked -RRB- and something was wrong ... You see , that lower hanging glass part is the same glass as the upright glass shades ... however , in the evening , with the upper glass shades LIT from within by the bulbs , that center glass part is DARK.It looks as though the bulb is burnt-out in it , when , in fact , there is no socket to light that lower glass piece.Drat . It was absolutely not acceptable looking that way ! I remedied this by removing the lower glass part ... glued the end finial to the part where thelower glass part would have been ... So , now , it has just the upright shades and I have put the lower glass parton a side buffet on a small tray - wide end down , and added an LED flickering votive candle -LRB- w/battery -RRB- inside it - looks very nice ! I think this chandelier actually looks better in my dining area without that lower glass part and carrying the same glass look onto the buffet actually brings a nice , continuous look into the room.So , just beware of that dark , unlit lower glass part ... hence 4 stars and not 5 ~
 Heath/Zenith seems to be a dominant force in the door chime market . In other words , you hardly have any alternative brand choice when you go to your local Home Depot . I 've tested a couple of Heath/Zenith 's wireless door chimes . The biggest issue of the first ones I tried -LRB- all with the main units plugged into the wall outlet -RRB- was the push buttons were extremely insensitive . You 'd have to press the button several times to make the chime ring . This issue has been identified by other reviewers at Amazon . With no better alternative , I tried this Heath / Zenith SL-6505-B that claimed to use a different wireless technology . To my amazement , I found the push button in this model worked extremely well . The funny thing was SL-6505-B 's security codes of the main unit and the push button were not matched at factory . I had to adjust the codes to make the pair work . This might have explained the prior reviewer difficulty in making it work . The downside of it is I ca n't plug in the main unit into the wall outlet and will need to replace the batteries for both the main unit and push button . We 'll see how long the 4 size C battery last . However , to put it in brighter light
 I have been using this item for about a week now and it is impressive ! With almost 1100 in/lbs of torque this drill eats through 2x studs like you would not believe ! This item really lives up to the claim of corded performance without the cords . The batteries last longer than any NiCd on the market . I would have like it to have a keyless chuck as the keyed chucks are a little less convenient . A rep for milwaukee said they tried the keyless chucks but the bit would slip so I guess they did the right thing in making the keyed chuck . It can also be inconvenient to adjust the drill although it can be rotated a full 360 degrees which is a great feature . Otherwise a must have for plumbers and electricians !
 The product is extremely heavy duty and works for everything you 'll need a right angle drill for . I have a 28v hammer drill and a 28v impact wrench as well and they all perform exactly as described from the manufacturer . For the price , the 28v units are pretty pricy . The fact that they are so expensive and there is only 1 battery is the only reason I gave it 4 stars . If this review was based on the quality alone , it definelty gets a 5 .
 I 'm an electrician working in the bay area and this tool is new to our truck . We just finished our first big job using it exclusively . The convenience of this tool is amazing . It works steady and compared to our super hog it works slow but by the time the super hog is set up this drill has made the hole and is back in the box . I really wish milwaukee could figure out a way to adjust the angle of the neck without the use of wrenches but this is their standby right angle drill design and I guess they are sticking with it . Battery life is good and we use three V 28 tools now so lots of batteries kicking around makes everything convenient . We will buy more of these in the future .
 I have used this tool for over a year now . Here is Florida there are many construction jobs that require remodeling of older homes . This tool has been used in houses that still have the wire mesh and concrete , generally known as `` dry wall '' . Metal casings in doors and between studs present no problem for this tool in boring holes for wire chases in walls.Note
 Oh my goodness this drill is super quiet and smooth . This is the drill you see in the movies when a thief has to be super quiet when drilling holes !! This is the quietest and smoothest power tool I ever used , corded or cordless . If that has anything to say about the quality , then this drill is the best . We took the angle head off and use it for mixing mud and with the bigger holes saws . We have a few of Milwaukee 's 28 volts tools and they seem to be of a much higher quality than the 18 & 12 volt tools . Yes , the keyed chuck is a hassle but that is such a minor thing . If you need a big powerful drill and can break loose with the cash then I would buy this tool over any other brand .
 I purchased this drill 5 months ago to drill holes in stacked 2x8 '' framing and 6 '' Glue-Lam beams , to run new electrical wiring and 2 '' electrical conduit in our big house addition . I had previously been using a Rigid 18V cordless impact drill . I burned one of those Ridgids up , -LRB- but I liked it enough to buy another -RRB- , in a Glue-Lam , and twisted off a dozen or so auger bits and drill bit extentions . It seemed I needed a beefier drill motor , ideally an angle drill , and one that accepted larger-diameter bits than the 1/4 '' - shank Irwin and Milwaukee quick-change auger bits , which twist off easily . I was thrilled to find the new Milwaukee cordless 28-V angle drill!Its benefits : - It 's got torque and power enough to drill through evrything I 've tried , including a few 2-1/2 '' holes through fat Glue-Lams , and countless 1-1/4 '' holes through stacked dimensional-lumber framing and Glue-Lam beams . It is possible to stall it out , but it 's not easy or final ; - It accepts 1/2 '' - shank auger drill bits and 7/16 '' - shank bit extensions , which are stout enough not to twist off and break while drilling through big lumber ; - It 's cordless ! The convenience of that makes moving around the job site , and therefor also makes drilling , much faster.-It 's a true angle-drill , and fits easily between framing studs and other tight places ; - although it has a keyed , rather than a keyless chuck , I find that I can tighten and loosen it adequately with my hand , and rarely use the key.Its disadvantaes : - It 's difficult and inconvenient to change/rotate the drill head . Fortunately I do n't really need to do that much , and maybe never actually need to ; - I go through a single battery pretty fast . A second battery living on the charger is a must ! - It 's on the heavy side ; - It 's definitely slower than , say , a Milwaukee -LRB- corded -RRB- `` Hole Hawg '' , when drilling through a single piece of wood . It makes up for much of that difference over the course of a day , though , in the conveniece and speed that derives from being cordless.-I wish it was compatable with the 30-inch extension bar , `` Milwaukee 48-95-0400 Right Angle Drive Extension '' , which could enable much ladderless over-head drilling ; - The side-handle seems a weak after-thought , and quickly strips its threads.I love this drill ! It 's held up well to heavy use over the last 5 months , and is still going strong . It 's advantages far out-weigh its weaknesses , and I would readily recommend it to others .
 I almost never use this tool for its intended purpose . I puchased a bit for this drill that fits into the wenches on my sailboat and use the drill to raise my sails . I like to sail singled handed and without this dril I would have great difficulty because of my breathing problems .
 If you are in the building trades you must have this tool . I was able to drill 20 holes of 2 9/16 '' diameter and 40 holes of 1 1/8 '' diameter on one battery charge . This amount of holes doubled my expectations . No more generator ! No more stringing 150 ' of cord to drill . This drill is lightweight and powerful . I love this drill !
 I like the V28 Angle Drill . Plenty of power and I am glad that it has a keyed chuck . I keep the angle bolts loose while in the case and just tighten them after rotating the head before use.The problem I have is with the case . This is the second Milwaukee tool that I have purchased in the past few months and both have storage case shortcomings . The angle drill fits nicely in the plastic case with everything that comes with the initial purchase . However there is only room for ONE battery . I have to carry the second battery in a separate bag to the job site . Also there is very limited space for drill bits in the case so I have to carry them separately . My corded Milwaukee drill which I bought 25 years ago has plenty of room in the metal case for drill bits and hole saws.One other thing is that there is no provision for attaching the chuck key to the drill . It just comes loose in the case . I got a piece of 1/4 '' cotton cord and tied it around the chuck Key and looped the other end through the drill handle to keep it handy and keep it from getting lost .
 I love having this chair in my kitchen ! It reminds me of the one my mother had when I was growing up . It is very useful for taking a brief rest , and I can load and unload the dishwasher while sitting on it . I do wish that the steps were a little wider . I have used it to reach the top shelf of my pantry , but it 's a little `` iffy . '' My 3 year old grandson thinks it 's great fun ! So maybe I need two of them . I assembled it myself , so that makes me love it even more .
 Assy took 15 minutes with one phillips screw driver . Well illustrated instructions . Very sturdy . Replaces our 47 year old cosco yellow step stool . I am very pleased .
 My mother had a similar one when we were kids . It was much sturdier , but then again , they made things to last back then . The original chair had been burned in a bonfire during a bachelor party . The chair has always been remembered as the beezer chair . That is where we had to sit when Mom gave us our beezers . It was sacrificed to the Gods of the Haircut . At the time , it was very old , the seat torn many years before . My Mom just turned70 and I gave it to her as a birthday present . She was all excited . The chair stirred many memories . So while the quality was not of the same calibar as the original , the memories made it priceless .
 Very nice product , especially for us seniors , who need a place to rest while in the kitchen.Easy to put together , although you are never told that you must assemble this product ... Recommend NOT installing the rear chair back , unless you are very skinny .
 This chair/step stool was bought for my 88 year old Mom to use in her kitchen . I was unable to find one local , so I am thankful it was available online from Amazon.The stool was to replace a older Cosco step stool that she had used for over 20 years . Cosco makes great step stools .
 This chair is the exact one I 'd been looking for and it was a good buy , too !
 Received quickly , chair is sturdy and working out well for us . I was n't sure about the color , but really like it .
 Great product . Was a gift for my mom coz it was just like the one her mom had .
 I remember the same style step stool chair in my grandmother 's kitchen . This one is very similar except the plastic parts , which seem to keep the steps from coming out far enough and stay out as well as the original did . The screws seem to keep coming out . Other than that is sits well and works for a counter chair for eating in the kitchen .
 Nice chair and very hard to find so glad Amazon had it.We had one for 20yrs . and wanted a replacement but could not find one until Amazon sent me an email .
 The yellow step stool with padded seat and back is a dead-ringer for the one I grew up with in my Mom 's kitchen . It was easy to assemble and was a sturdy chair to add to my new kitchen .
 I BOUGHT THIS SAME CHAIR FOR A GIFT LAST YEAR , AND EVERY ONE THAT SEES IT WANTS ONE ... SO I BOUGHT 2 MORE FOR MY FRIENDS . SO IT MUST BE PRETTY GOOD .
 I am very happy with this kitchen chair . It is sturdy and functional . I received the order quickly and it was very simple to put together .
 ONLY ISSUE IS THAT THE SEAT COULD BE A BIT DEEPER . OTHER THAN THAT , EASY PUT TOGETHER AND I LOVE IT
 Other than the fact that this thing is a royal pain to assemble , I have to say , we were quite pleased with how it turned out . Maybe not exactly like the originals , but pretty darn close . It does serve its intended purpose , and ends up being a very convenient seat for me personally , when I 'm heating up something in our microwave . That little fact gets it all 5 stars .
 I bought this stool to sit in front of the stove while I was cooking something that had to be stirred constantly , like pudding . After cooking four pudding pies for Thanksgiving dinner I needed some kind of relief for my legs and feet . This stool is the perfect height to sit on and still be able to see into the pot , plus it will come in handy when the smaller grandchildren are here for dinner .
 My husband said it was too plastic , but I like it a lot , the color matches perfect with the kitchen wall.Ana
 I noticed a lot of comments about the plastic parts . They 're refering to a plastic gluide attached to the metal supports that alow the steps to slide out insead of tipping back and then forward . I ca n't tell you how many times my grandkids got their fingers pinched on that setup on my old stool . The new one is so much safer for the fingers . I love the color , it is a nice soft yellow . I was afraid it was going to be the old bright yellow of the 50 's . I love my stool . Fits in its spot nicely , and tip it to the back and drag it where I need it .
 This is a nice chair with very good padding for what I am using it for . The steps seem to side in their on when I need them.Imight have put a liitle to much lubricant on the sliders.This is what I have been looking for to rest myself when I amplanting my flowers seeds in my plant romm .
 I got a couple of these chairs -LRB- red and yellow -RRB- over two years ago to use in our kitchen . They are good because they have a small footprint and fit in a tight kitchen . I think they are uncomfortable to sit on , but I doubt you could make it any more comfortable and keep the dimensions acceptable and my kids -LRB- 2 and 4 when we first got the chairs -RRB- love them.I do n't think the quality is all that unacceptable considering the price , you just do n't get great stuff for < $ 100 any more . There have been kids beating the crud out of ours for over two years and I 've never had any trouble with them breaking . They say the steps come out of their tracks but we 've never had that happen , they say the chair is mostly plastic and cheap but the only plastic I can find is the step unit tracks -LRB- they are pretty solid thick chunks of plastic -RRB- and they both have metal arms outside of them to also brace the taller legs . Other than the steps being useless for anyone over 3 feet tall they are fine . We got one assembled and one we had to assemble , I did n't think it was too hard to put together and as long as you use the right tools and follow the instructions you 'll be okay.The bad part of the chairs is that they are narrow and tall making them quite unstable . The kids managed to tip them over backwards more than once in the first few months they used them . I 'm probably the worst dad ever not to toss them out right then but they never got more than a bruise and they manage to hurt themselves with everthing once or twice ... lol . They figured out what not to do on the chairs and no one has tipped over for the last year and half at least . Also , the black rubber/plastic ` stuff ' on the steps has deep ridges in it -LRB- for traction I guess -RRB- , these are really hard to clean if the kids spill something down there -LRB- especially when they do n't tell you and it gets crusty !!! -RRB- . Those are my biggest two gripes about the chair .
 Easy to put together , chair is too small to sit on properly ! As a step ladder it is good as a chair little kids can sit on it ! Overall I am happy , I do n't need a step ladder in my kitchen or bring a step ladder from wherever !! It 's just there concealed like a transformer
 Once put together it was very nice . Some parts are cheap plastic and may not wear well .
 The assembly went pretty smoothly , instructions were good . This will be a very useful step stool/chair in the master bedroom closet with a very high ceiling . I can now utilize the top shelf in the closet . May be a little too lightweight for my husband . I also purchased one for my girlfriend 's birthday . She too appreciates all things retro .
 I bought this particular model because it said MADE IN USA in the ad from Target online , however , it was MADE IN CHINA . It 's a good-looking stool and sturdy , I 'm just disappointed with the false advertising . Mom does n't use it because the seat is smaller than her last one and does n't fit her , but I find it comfortable . Target Falsely Advertises American Made . It 's a lovely little stool tho .
 This is a light weight sink but has a deep base and is working fine . For paint brush cleaning and other light purposes it is good . For heavy duty car part cleaning etc. . One might try a thicker and tougher sink .
 I already had this unit in my house . It was originally purchased new at Lowes to put in our new construction home 6 years ago . The original sink cracked badly at the faucet mount . So , this was a replacement for it . It needs to have shim support by the faucets to prevent from stress cracking again . This is a decent sink , for the money . I received the sink as new , but it had been around for quite some time and had considerable dust accumulation on it . Also , it was bubble wrapped to reduce damage . Unfortunately , the corners were not covered and were scuffed & dirty . Although , I was able to clean it up to look good .
 I just received this in the mail and it is an excellent acquisition ... nice white shiny and sturdy . Have n't installed it yet but I dont forsee a problem . Will update after installation .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
 If you do not like ladders this works well for working in the home . Just the right height for most folks to reach and 8 ' ceiling . Scaffold is well built and very sturdy . Lite enough so it is not a problem moving around . Folds nicely for storage . The plastic shelf comes in handy for holding your paint and tools .
 these are so easy to use and set up . cost is high - but i would rather pay more and get aggravated less . Be sure to pick up the tool to release fitting - comes in handy
 Just remember to sand or smooth the edges of your pipe before putting this on ... worked like a charm and I used a water hammer with this fitting ... ca n't go wrong with this fitting , worth the money and short time to install .
 What does a woman say about a circuit breaker ? It works ! It solved my problem ! How about something like , this little beauty has a shapely figure , smooth skin , not fat at all and the switches really turn it on ! Great product . Thank you seller !
 Hard to write 20 works on sometime as simple as this . Item is as listed and received quickly so what else is needed to say .
 Breaker arrived on time , works . Cant get any better , unless seller showed up and installed himself . I am completly pleased with my purchase .
 I am a 4th generation family hardware store owner -LRB- retired -RRB- . Now into rental properties . There are several units with Zinsco breakers and even a few Wadsworth -LRB- which I ca n't find for less than a whole box if at all -RRB- . Here in central Oklahoma getting Zinsco and especially Wadsworth is almost impossible and very expensive . Good place to get those old or hard to find building materials .
 Although Plastic and not `` Antique Brass '' , the appearance is excellent and the lighted push button works just fine . The old button was some 17 years old and still operated , but the button light was burned out and not replaceable . It was not acceptable to my wife -LRB- or to me -RRB- . This replacement button was easy to install using the existing wiring , but it does require a recess behind it for the wiring & connection . It is not a surface mounted button . If you are mounting it on a brick or other masonry wall , it will require a 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' diameter drilled hole for mounting .
 We live in a 1964 L-shaped ranch home , with some neat 60 's features , but the heart of an early 20th century romantic beats within me!I searched high and low to find a doorbell that said `` ANTIQUE '' without costing us a ton of money , it was also a must that it be visible at night . This one is `` just the one '' . We recently painted the outside of our home and added some nice touches to update it a bit . I would n't be surprised if the old paint was n't the original paint ! HA !! I have received many compliments on the doorbell.Would definitely recommend this doorbell !!!!
 This door bell button has a great look and style to it . Weighted and hopefully durable . I would recommend it to those looking for this style of bell ringer .
 I am totally satisfied with the function of the switch and its appearance . It is somewhat smaller than what I replaced but the conversion was a simple matter of some caulking and a dab of paint . I am going to order more to have on hand the next time the switch becomes problematic with exposure to our lovely Pacific North West weather !
 A quality product that was quite simple to install.Looks nice and works well . Product arrived quickly and I 'm quite pleased.Might be nice to find the same product in a different finish .
 An overzealous impatient friend , you know who you are :--RRB- , broke my earlier push button that was pretty bland plastic but was working . Taking this opportunity I ordered this and looks amazing -LRB- comparing to my earlier one -RRB- . Must mention that due to size differential I have to find a work around but 15 minutes later I got compliment from an unexpected source , so passed the test and is a winner for me.Will be happy to answer any questions - as always .
 I bought the door chimes to replace two broken ones of another brand . They were easy to put in and look good .
 Value for money , extremely easy install ... great looks , love it . . anyone can install without any problem . . gave a new look to my entrance : - -RRB-
 I purchased this doorbell button to replace our original builder 's grade , flimsy , dirty , paint covered , burnt out -LRB- light -RRB- doorbell button that had been beyond an eye sore for quite some time ... I thought the pictures of this doorbell were very nice , but in person the design is beautiful and the antiqued brass is perfect to compliment our brick front colonial . It 's a very subtle , yet rich color tone , and the finish is very high quality.The materials feel high quality . The surround is solid metal with a brass finish . In the hand , it has a nice heft to it , and does n't feel flimsy at all . As stated above , the brass finish feels and appears to be high quality , and is very nice to the touch . The button itself is plastic , obviously , and I believe the little ring around it is as well -LRB- although it MAY be thin metal -RRB- . The button is not permenantly mounted into the surround ; if you push on the rear it slides out . I 'm not sure if it was made this way so that it can be easily replaced if necessary , but when I was connecting the wires to the button it kept sliding out of the surround . Not a big deal , but just of note.When wired , the button has a soft , yellowish glow that is subtle and pleasant , yet very functional for night viewing . The button itself requires an easy press and protrudes enough to be comfortable for your finger -LRB- unlike some buttons that you have to use the tip of your finger to dig into -RRB- . IMPORTANTLY
 Easy to install , but not sure that it is much better than the one I replaced .
 Excellent stripe tape for car . Vivid color and very easy to install with no akward paper backing to fiddle with . Just roll the tape on for great pin striping both inside and outside car . Holds well with the quality 3M self-adhesive backing . Great value , too !
