 Everything was as expected except center part of faucet leaked which forced me to reuse old parts with new washers .
 And buy white masking tape , it 's essentially the same thing , and it wo n't cost 10 bucks ! Kinda translucent , really thin .
 I do acrylic paintings . I had been using blue painters tape to attach paper or canvas paper to a board . The blue color was interfering with my ability to manage the colors of the artwork . The adhesive on this tape is really strong . When peeling the tape off , it often takes part of the paper with it . Probably great for other purposes though .
 This shoes is bulky and a pain to tie the shoe laces with the velcro overlap and I could not find the right size . I would not recommend these shoes to anybody that I knew .
 I have had three of these . The first one that was delivered was a used unit . The second unit had missing pieces . The unit I am now using has worked well -- but before filling the first bag the on/off switch broke . I gave up calling Shop-Vac and had a local vacuum repair shop fix it . If I were designing the unit , I would use hoses that were a size larger . I would also use a pull along design that did not pull away when using . The best part of the vac is the motor . It works as I need it to work . Overall , I give this a `` not recommended . ''
 shipment of belts arrived promptly . No complaints about that but two weeks after installing the belt ... it broke . Thankfully , I ordered four belts . Hopefully , this was just a fluke .
 These belts were generic knockoffs of Eureka belts . They were not packaged , just put into the shipping envelope with a printed sheet written in poor English . No indication of the country where the belts were manufacutured . This sheet told you what a good deal you got by the seller choosing to buy them in bulk from the manufacturer , and not having to waste packaging material . Is n't that thoughtful ? No printing or numbers on the belts.Genuine Eureka belts come two to a package , have the Eureka name printed on it , and have `` EU TYPE RD '' engraved in each belt . Also , Eureka does not sell their belts in bulk to vendors.Don ' t be fooled by the words `` Eureka Style . '' This is just weasel wording for a cheap imitation of the genuine Eureka belts . The price sounds like a real bargain , but it 's not . If it 's too good to be true , it probably is . I do n't like to be fooled .
 I MIGHT have burned through a belt every six months before , but these only seem to last a couple weeks and they 're all stretched out . Definitely NOT the same quality as the Eureka brand .
 After reading a review that said go to Ebay , I did and got 20 belts for $ 17.95 and free shipping from one of their highest rated sellers . They are bulk generic , just like these , but I have had good luck with generic . I have a bag type commercial model from Sams Club and I was told before buying it that it was notorious for breaking belts . Belt breakage is a small price to pay for the way the vacuum works . It was suggested by the carpet installer that did our house and he was right . No dust , clean carpet . I guess I drifted from reviewing the belts , but Walmart gets $ 3.50 for two belts and I got these for less than .50 apiece . Here is the link.http : / / www.ebay.com/itm/251096400953?ssPageName=STRK:MEWNX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1439.l2649Hate to do this to Amazon , but if you have a commercial bag type it will last years and you will save loads . If they turn out to be no good I will edit my post . Amazon is still the number one by far for my purchasing preference . Most of the time you ca n't beat the price and you will never beat their service , never . fredt
 Not sharp at all - it just mashes the edges down . Might be usable on softwoods but why would you be countersinking in that case ?
 These are not tool grade ! Not very sharp , not precision machined . You can use it for wood in electric drills , but I would not try counter-sinking in fiberglass . As you know , fiberglass holes should be counter sunk to prevent radial cracking . These sinks are not sharp , nor precision enough to be used for this task .
 this was installed on my post lamp fixture in my front yard . may be an issue with the bulb I got but it was dead after less than 1 month of use.a standard incandescent bulb would have lasted the better part of a year .
 To be fair , I have yet to decide if maybe there is an electrical problem on my exterior carriage lights which are also on a switch timer , or whether these are the most short-lived bulbs I 've ever seen . After installing them in two garage carriage lamps that are on a timer they worked fine for about a week . They provided a very nice light that was not too bright or dark , but after a week they began flickering badly . After a few days of this one side 's tube had almost all but burned out . There was still some light , but for the most part the light was gone and the other one started flickering . I took them out , tried again , and ordered two more . Same problem occurred . Hopefully it was just my bad experience and/or carriage light wiring because they really were well suited for outdoor use and provided a great exterior light !
 RETURNED THIS PRODUCT . DID NOT WORK . DEFECTIVE . OUT OF THE BOX LIGHT BULB DID NOT GIVE ANY LIGHT .
 When we received it the speaker was broken , physically the magnet had fallen off . After that was fixed , the transmitter only worked from about 6 '' from the receiver ! For the price it 's not worth sending back so were going to Home Depot where it can easily be returned .
 Battery was loose in mine as well and now after unsuccessfully trying to re-adjust the metal connectors and also inserting some putty , I am in search of a replacement button . Annoying and now a time waster to search for new button . I like the ring tone and found it rung each time button was pressed as long as the battery had n't slipped out of place , which was often
 It 's quite annoying that the bell automatically rings without anyone pushes the button . However , when you really push the button , it is about 90 % works . And the battery inside the pushbutton is loose so I believe that is the reason . Waist money .
 What I mean by that is ... the soles wore out in less than 6 months under normal use . They are comfortable , and the velcro make it easy to get them on and off , but they just did n't last long . Sorry Mechanix Ordering was easy but took long time to fill ,
 I find it amazing that the product specifications and details include the weight and other irrelevant information but fails to say what size nut drivers these are . I 'll take two .
 The hole alignment is horizontal , not vertical as pictured . Would have worked for the top if the item matched the picture .
 Product pictured is not product shipped . Bolt orientation is wrong . Hinge does not fit.Picture shows bolt holes perpendicular to hinge - product has holes parallel to hinge .
 Like the other review said , the shipped hinge set does not match what is pictured by the seller . The mounting holes are side to side instead of the pictured lengthwise . Will not work on a standard Bemis toilet seat/lid unless you 're willing to drill new holes . Scheduling this for a return/refund .
 Did n't fit on the light switch quite right , and the screw does n't line up.Kind of disappointed , b/c it was n't exactly cheap : \
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 The pump that arrived was not as pictured , but that did n't matter to me as long as the GPH was correct . I used it in a very small fountain and it did n't pump water any faster than my old pump that was only 75 gph . After working for less than a day , it finally ... ran ... down ... to ... a trickle . So I returned it .
 I wish I had read the reviews before ordering . Since I was replacing an old M130 that overheated due to low water , I thought I knew what I was getting.I did read the specifications which said I would get a 15 FOOT CORD but instead I only got a 6 FOOT CORD.I do n't know how I will make this work.I will admit after all the things I have ordered from Amazon , this is the first time they disappointed me .
 Purchased the 200 GPH model as a replacement pump for my fountain after reading the various reviews . Before choosing this model I had read the manufacturers specifications and originally ordered this 130 GPH model which seemed would be up to the job . I was informed by the supplier after a few days that they did not infact have that pump in stock so I ordered the larger model instead assuming it would work even better . Unfortunately , that is not the case . This pump bareley provides enough flow over a 3 1/2 foot high urn style fountain even though the specs say good for up to 4 feet - even at maximum flow setting and clean piping.Would definitely suggest going to a much larger model - even twice the flow rate , and dial back if necessary to suit the need .
 I ordered the Beckett 130gph auto off fountain pump . It arrived on time and as described . I placed it in the fountain , plugged it in , and ... . nothing . I gave it a little shake , heard a faint grinding noise and that was it . I boxed it up and exchanged it for a second one of the same make . Amazon 's return policy made it easy to exchange ! I got the second pump in a matter of days . I again placed the pump in the fountain and this time was excited to see that it pumped . But , alas , my excitement was quickly dashed away when the pump stopped after a mere 3 seconds . But then , all of a sudden it started pumping after nothing for about 2 seconds . It repeated this pattern , 3 seconds on , 2 off , for bit before stopping completely . I am returning the second pump tomorrow and am currently looking for another brand of pump . My advice , stay away from Beckett 's pumps .
 The picture of this pump and the actual pump are not the same . The cord is 1/2 the length stated in the description and the dimensions are not the same . After my first review I was contacted by the distributor and offered five dollors to change my review . The lady told me amazon.com chose the photo to display and it was not her fault the pump and dimensions were not the same as described . Classic bait and switch .
 Sounds good I did a little research and found out its Air consumption
 I ORDERED A DIFFERENT GUN SET FROM TCP GLOBAL , ATD-6900 , INSTEAD THEY SENT ME THIS ITEM . GOOD LUCK GETTING A HOLD OF SOMEONE TO EXCHANGE ... CLASSIC BAIT AND SWITCH . THEY WO N'T EXCHANGE IT !!!!
 The shelf unit is actually very nice , but when fully loaded -LRB- not over-loaded -RRB- it is dangerously top heavy . The little three -LRB- 3 -RRB- inch wheels are sadly undersized . You have to be very careful if you move the shelf / cart at all.Seville `` offers '' the correct four -LRB- 4 -RRB- inch wheels on their websight , but of course you have to pay for them , and with shipping it 's close to $ 25.00 .
 The basic design of these shelves is not proprietary to Seville ; I have essentially the same shelves from three other manufacturers . All are easy to assemble and are stable once constructed.However , these shelves differ in several respects from others I 've used , and all the differences are negative . The screw-in &#34; feet &#34; do not mount flush with the leg , introducing the potential for diminished strength and stability . More significant , the &#34; feet &#34; have separate rubber caps , which do not fit on easily and do not stay on
 First , these things are pretty cheap and do n't follow the instructions , I wasted a lot of time doing that . The biggest flaw is that the fasteners that keep the shelves in place are held by a tiny plastic ring , the shelves ca n't take much weight . I do n't know why the manufacturer did n't just use circular vice grips , then we 're talking a quality shelving product . All in all , I would n't buy this product again but for the moment they 're holding up okay for the moment . I 'm just scared to put any additional weight on them due to the plastic potentially failing . If you 're looking for a strong , industrial style shelving system , look somewhere else .
 Cheap -LRB- made in China -RRB- , unless you have at least 4 people to put together it will never be accomplished . The materials in the package are very ineffective of doing what they are intended to do so the shelves are never sturdy enough to be effective even for the lightest and smallest items . Packing up and sending back .
 I got the boxes and there was a part missing ! I cant find the part at any hardware store and the 30 days have expired . I cant believe they would send out a product like that with Amazon 's name on it ! Shame on you Amazon , I spend thousand of dollare here too ...
 I ordered these shelves to replace some plastic shelving in garage ; wanted to be able to move for cleaning . The poles and connectors were cross threaded , the grooves on the poles are not deep enough to hold clips and keep them from shifting . All in all cheaply made and extremely difficult to assemble . I have purchased several shelving systems from Storables and am very familiar with how to assemble . The Storables poles come in one sturdy pole / not several pieces , poorly grooved and cross threaded . I guess you get what you pay for -- but in this case wish I had stayed with the more expensive brand . I 'm not convinced the clips wo n't give way and my shelving will come falling to the floor .
 This is a clear case of false advertising!I ordered this item from Amazon/Target because it was described as stainless steel . It arrived and was chrome . I contacted customer service and they said they shipped the right item but would resend another one . The second item showed up as chrome too ! I can get a chrome one for 40 % less by picking up locally .
 I have tried 3 different lanterns . First would not even charge up and light up . Second charged overnight and last less than 10 minutes on time . Third was better , it lasted 15 minutes with an overnight charge . Useless piece of junk .
 Cord does not have a ground - plugs only have 2 prongs . I guess you can see it the product picture if you look careful enough . For me without the ground it is of little use - most products that I would want to use a 50 foot extension cord for have a ground -LRB- 3 terminals -RRB- .
 I ordered this item from ANTOnline , thinking I was going to be receiving what is pictured . I received a plain Leather Unpadded Work Belt Instead . ANTOnline Failed to Take Responsibility for Their Mistake and Did Not Refund My Return Shipping = $ 8.00 . However , they did not charge me the normal 15 % Re-Stock Fee . Poor Return Policy and Attitude . I 'll Take My Business Some Where Else !!
 I have been to all the local hardware outlet stores and looked online and Ive yet to find a good belt that fits my 44 ish waist.Sure it reads it goes to 48 '' waist yet I take it out of the package and I cant even get the tip to touch the buckle and I am wearing size 44 pants . I see I am not the only one frustraited with this . Ive sent letters to some stores expressing my frustraitions . Many belts come in four differant sizes yet they only order the smaller sizes for the most part . I finaly went to sears and bought a semi dress belt , hmmmm says size 48 and i got several inches to work with . Good luck big fellas , its a cruel world out there for us bigger carpenters . Geeze maybe thats why ol Norm uses a cheepy work belt , he cant find any of the better belts to fit him either .
 Whoever measured this belt should not EVER attempt to build anything ! This belt IS NOT 47 '' -55 '' , more likely , 37 '' -45 '' . Perhaps it 's just mis-marked but I wo n't waste anymore time finding out .
 This is a very nice and well made belt but they are inaccurate about the sizes they say it fits . It does not fit a 46 '' waist . So if you are bigger than that keep shopping I am
 I currently own a hammer Holder like the one shown in this picture , -LRB- hinges that fold inwards -RRB- and I love it . My friend who is a contractor has commented on mine a few times in the past on how he would like one . So as a little gift I looked for one on Amazon and found just the one I was looking for , or so I thought . The hammer holder I received was not like the one in the picture . It had a solid metal bar with no hinges . I 'm sure its a good holder but not the one I wanted . I will be sending it back and doing a little more research before ordering again .
 This product much like the 3500 hand spreader fell apart in less than one hour . When I told them I bought it on Amazon they told me , `` We do n't manufacture Amazon . '' Customer Service is a front line of know nothings with a President of Sales that hides out and does not return calls .
 I am mechanically inclined and yet it still took me a full two hours to assemble this product . That is longer than it has taken me to assemble any other consumer product and it is , IMHO , unconscionable for a $ 160 spreader . The instructions are extremely poor , the process gratuitously difficult and you need to provide your own tools . Once fully assembled , it appears to be a decent spreader but do n't even think about buying this product if you are not prepared for a long and frustrating assembly process.I will say that Amazon had the best price I could find and the product arrived quickly .
 Anyone not mechanically inclined should be careful before buying this spreader . The assembly instructions are garbage . Half of the parts do n't match up with the instructions , the best picture of the fully assembled product is on this website , and if you really NEED the instructions you 're going to be very frustrated with the lack of critical detail . I had to take the whole thing apart and re-assemble it without the instructions to get it to work properly . It spent a couple of hours in the garbage can in the meantime before I decided to start over .
 Not worth the price.impossible to assemble , without calling the help line , , on hold.Not sure how this got 50 , 5 star ` sLook for something else ...
 I purchased my 2150 spreader last fall and used it once to spread pelletized fall fertilizer on my half acre lawn , washed it out immediately afterwards and then stored it insisde my garage over the winter . I used it again in early April to spread pelletized lime , washed it again and stored it indoors . Two weeks later I used it to spread spring pelletized fertilizer only to have the gearbox completely jam-up on me . Beware of the 90 day warranty , I guess !
 i bought a set from the local auto store and they lasted me less than a month at work , i am at 3 days shy of a month on these gloves and my thumb index and middle fingers on both hands are torn through , and my left ring finger is almost there as well , i bought these in hopes they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar ones that only lasted a month and these were actually worse ! i am a tire installer and i put in 40 hours of nothing but gloves and these just do not hold up ! i will say if your doing light work they may be great as they are comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of items and not lose your ability to handle !
 Updated
 It seems as if these gloves just are n't made the way they used to be . I should have noticed that many of the positive reviews for these gloves were written way before I purchased a pair . After having gone through 2 pairs in the span of a few months , I can safely say I will be staying away from these and other Mechanix gloves in the future.Not everything is bad . They fit and feel great when new . The problem is their durability , or lack there of . The material of the palm and fingers is very thin and will develop holes if used for anything other than light duty house keeping . I used mine for various gardening and DIY projects , none of which were extensively abusive , and I rapidly wore holes by the fingertips .
 i used these gloves for five days before they no longer even resembled there original state.two days chipping logs , one day moving scrap , and two days digging ; no fingers at all -LRB- even the pinky and ring on right hand had finger tip holes -RRB- and worn to thread on the palms . this is not a durable glove of any caliber.looked good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that requires a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if your hands are your link to your work then skip this one.granted i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fits well and has any level of flexibility . but never have i worn through a new pair in under a week .
 soooooooooooooooooooooooo cheap , soooooooooooooooo thin , so cruddy compared to the last pair of this brand . I would highly recommend not buying these , unless it is for driving a prius or something
 I bought these gloves hoping to use them in cold weather conditions , for handling tools and equipment.These are a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do n't keep the water out . What 's the use of a glove if it gets wet?I am obviously not gon na be using a glove as a decoration on my hand , it is meant to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . And since it rains frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these gloves outside , they immediately get soaked by water rendering these gloves useless .
 i used these like 3-4 times and the fingers already ripped out of them . not durable to any reasonable extent . a common occurrence with gloves . pro series , carhartts , you name it . my cheap dewalts lasted longer . going to try youngstown , ninja , and sealskinz .
 Gloves fit very loose , they do not have velcro tab to tighten the wrist . Not heavy duty , very lite duty . Do not recommend .
 It seems as if these gloves just are n't made the way they used to be . I should have noticed that many of the positive reviews for these gloves were written way before I purchased a pair . After having gone through 2 pairs in the span of a few months , I can safely say I will be staying away from these and other Mechanix gloves in the future.Not everything is bad . They fit and feel great when new . The problem is their durability , or lack there of . The material of the palm and fingers is very thin and will develop holes if used for anything other than light duty house keeping . I used mine for various gardening and DIY projects , none of which were extensively abusive , and I rapidly wore holes by the fingertips .
 Updated
 i bought a set from the local auto store and they lasted me less than a month at work , i am at 3 days shy of a month on these gloves and my thumb index and middle fingers on both hands are torn through , and my left ring finger is almost there as well , i bought these in hopes they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar ones that only lasted a month and these were actually worse ! i am a tire installer and i put in 40 hours of nothing but gloves and these just do not hold up ! i will say if your doing light work they may be great as they are comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of items and not lose your ability to handle !
 Gloves fit very loose , they do not have velcro tab to tighten the wrist . Not heavy duty , very lite duty . Do not recommend .
 i used these like 3-4 times and the fingers already ripped out of them . not durable to any reasonable extent . a common occurrence with gloves . pro series , carhartts , you name it . my cheap dewalts lasted longer . going to try youngstown , ninja , and sealskinz .
 Two uses and there are holes in the tips of the fingers . the whole point of these gloves were to protect his fingers !
 i used these gloves for five days before they no longer even resembled there original state.two days chipping logs , one day moving scrap , and two days digging ; no fingers at all -LRB- even the pinky and ring on right hand had finger tip holes -RRB- and worn to thread on the palms . this is not a durable glove of any caliber.looked good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that requires a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if your hands are your link to your work then skip this one.granted i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fits well and has any level of flexibility . but never have i worn through a new pair in under a week .
 soooooooooooooooooooooooo cheap , soooooooooooooooo thin , so cruddy compared to the last pair of this brand . I would highly recommend not buying these , unless it is for driving a prius or something
 I bought these gloves hoping to use them in cold weather conditions , for handling tools and equipment.These are a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do n't keep the water out . What 's the use of a glove if it gets wet?I am obviously not gon na be using a glove as a decoration on my hand , it is meant to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . And since it rains frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these gloves outside , they immediately get soaked by water rendering these gloves useless .
 I installed the this fitting at the end of my hose and tested it . The first couple times it leaked so I tightend the screws a little each time . Before the screws ever got tight enough to stop the leaking they pulled through the top portion of the screw hole . I had to buy a metal fitting of a different design .
 We are commercial farmers . We purchased this seeder to seed small areas where we were growing small scale organic crops . We have nealy perfect sandy loam and we till under green manures such as sorghum and buckwheat to ammend the soil . The problem with this seeder is that even the smallest scraps of tilled under plant material would build up in front of the plow of ths seeder and made it impossible to push forward without your body weight bending the handles . We had to stop every 10 feet or so , pick up the seeder and remove the clumped up composted plant material before proceeding . The other problem we had with this seeder is that small seed such as radish , turnip , collards and kale would become lodged between the seed plate and the body of the hopper which would grind off the outer layer of the seed or crack the seed . The seed plate does not pick up seed out of the hopper consistently , so instead of have my sweet corn come up every 4 inches , I would have long runs of 6 or more feet where the seeder did not pick up a corn kernal from the hopper and seed it . I believe if this seeder had a taller , heavier front wheel and more sturdy steel handles , you could probably muscle through turned under green manure better . And they need to improve the design of the seed plates so a seed is picked up in each seed slot and seeded . Until the design is changed , this seeder is only good for use in light , weed/green manure-free sandy soil -- it simply can not be pushed in anything heavier without bending the handles . In lieu of this seeder , I am buying a high wheel cultivator and hand dropping/covering my seeds by hand . is picke up oneach revolution d
 Very Poor recommenadtion : Do n't be fooled into buying the Earthway Precision Garden Seeder , thinking that it is a quality piece of machinery . Cheap , cheap , plastic TV trays are made of better stuff . The hopper and wheels are made of cheap black plastic , the rest is made of very flimsy and thin aluminum . The whole thing does not weigh enough to make the wheels turn under its own weight when you push it . You have to bear down on it to make it roll.It will not stand the test of time in your garden.It will just be another broken do-dad laying around with weeds growing up in it in your yard.If all that is not bad enough , the seed plate for corn picks up anywhere from two , to four , pieces of sweet corn seed in every seed cup , leaving you with four , to sixteen , seeds of corn planted every 9 inches.I was dis-mayed at the poor quality of this product and dis-heartened at the poor planting results.I am currently using a home-made planter consisting of a funnel attached to a three foot length of 1 '' PVC water pipe via hot glue gun and I am very satisfied with the results , and the precision at which the seeds are placed as I drop them one by one into the funnel and down the length of PVC pipe . The funnel cost $ 1.00 at Dollar Tree . The PVC water pipe cost .35 cents per foot . Total price = $ 2.05 + TAX .
 Quite a few things wrong with this unit , so here 's a list ... Soil needs to be perfectly smooth - Rocks , weeds , compost will all collect in front of the seed chute and stop it dead.It 's not enough to disc your plot . You need screened topsoil ... or sand.Does not cover seeds - the chain device is useless . You have to go back over each row or the birds will get your seed.You have to push down HARD to make the front wheel roll , and it still slips - It really should be made with a big heavy front wheel for momentum . Think of a bicycle wheel.Seeds pop out of the hopper - The motion of the disk in the hopper makes seeds pop out of the top . When this happens , the hopper looks like a pop corn popper . It 's so ridiculous that I was SURE I lost the hopper cover somewhere . Surely they would have thought of a hopper cover , right ? They did n't . No cover.The row marker is useless . Trying to use it just adds more drag to your already difficult forward momentum . Forget this feature.Sometimes it gets the spacing right , sometimes it does n't get any seeds , sometimes it gets 3 . The only way I can see this working is in a DEEP , well defined furrow and then cover over it manually . That will reduce this thing to just dropping seeds and poorly spaced at that , which I 'm sure I can match with a little aim .
 I just finished planting 35 x 25 ft of corn , and my back is killing me . I thought the reason I bought this thing was so I would n't be in pain after planting . The main problem is it 's lack of weight , thus requiring your garden to be free of anything but fine soil and very level . I had to grab it at both ends and force it through the soil as I walked sideways all the way down the row . Then I went back and re-planted the corn that was laying on top of the soil -LRB- 20 % -RRB- .
 I thought this would be nice , but I think its was money wasted.Its to hard to push in the ground , if it was sand it might would be easy , but in dirt it to much work . I would rather plant my hand .
 I think the product is well over priced for the job it did . It dropped to many seed 's . It called for one seed every 7 '' . this planter dropped 5 to 8 seed 's every 7 '' . It does not cover the seeds as stated . If someone wants one for half price , I have one for sale . Just remember there is nothing precise about this machine . Do n't waste your money .
 The plates do pick up the seeds very well . It is flimsy and lightweight . If the plates do pick up seeds , they pick up way too many and over plant your rows . Save your money , this thing is a piece of junk .
 Not happy with this . It was really not what I was looking for . Having bought it , I will have to keep it and put it in my yard sale . However , it arrived well packaged and in 2 days after my order was placed . That 's was I call GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE so 5 STARS for the seller . Just not happy with my choice of seeder .
 I need to call tech support to see if this is just a bad unit . Assembled quite easily , large seeds seems to work well but the smaller the seed , the more it tends to -LRB- profoundly -RRB- over seed and then simply mash the seeds and the wheel gets jammed and distorted with the crushed seed debrie . I 'll contract customer service and if remedied will raise my rating . So now I have rows that will need a LOT of thinning and a bunch a crushed kale seed ...
 i was so excited to buy the machine . i even paid more to get it delivers sooner . when i get home , trying to test the butternut seed , the seed was not fitting with any on the disc . it spoilt all my excitement.can someone tell me which seeder am suppose to try to win . i dont feel like buying more discs until someone tell me if there is disc for this.is it possible that the discs are US sizes . i tried fitting all but i failed.later
 I would not recommend this tool or gadget to anyone . Your soil has to be this finest and even then my plantings were sparse and uneven . I hand planted several rows at the same time and they came up perfect , so I know it was not the seeds . I planted corn and beans and got the same result with both plantings .
 It did cut the furrows to desired depth but it was hit and miss sowing beans and small peas . It did not sow the small dill seeds but periodically . I had to go back and sow the misses by hand and then cover the seeds with my rake .
 I have a fairly big garden , so I decided to make my life a little easier next spring , and thus I bought this seeder . However , so far , it 's not what I thought I would be getting as far as a truly precision planter is concerned . The seeds dropped irratically and/or popped out of the bin because the plates would bind up then suddenly spring loose . I used different sized plates trying to find that exact match with the same results . I contacted the factory by email -LRB- their response was very quick -RRB- and was told to use bee 's wax and soap to make it work correctly . For the price of the unit , I expected something with less `` after-market engineering '' required by me to make it funtion as advertised . I refuse to admit defeat , so I 'm keeping it and will continue to practice with it until spring . If it or I do n't get better , I know where you can get a used one cheap next summer !
 I want to start this review by telling you this product is fairly unique . There are only 2-3 companies making this type of seeder and the Earhway model is very popular and well promoted . The idea behind it is great and allows any untrained person to plant row crops in a competent way.The problem is the implementation , namely the cheapness of the machine . It is made from the cheesiest aluminum available that has no rigidity whatsoever . If flexes and bends in all directions at the slightest touch or wind blow . The holder that is supposed to hold the spacing arm when not in use , is a sad joke . It is made of plastic and held by two tiny plastic triangles that fit in holes drilled in the sides of the hadle arms . The hadle arms are the flimsy aluminum that ca n't hold their shape or position , and as a consequence , the ill-fitting plastic holder pops out every thirty seconds -LRB- on a good day -RRB- . In addition , the spacing arm is too light . It 's primary function is to ride along the dirt and leave behind a line that is parallel to your first planted row . You are supposed to follow this line when planting the second row , and the next line when planting the third . In theory this is fantastic , but in practice , the arm is too light and barely leaves any mark in the dirt . Maybe at the beach it would leave a mark in the sand , but not in my dirt patch.Summary
 i found this unit in my grandfathers garage and decided to give it a shot . after harrowing a field until the soil bed was just right i selected the seed plate to fit my seed and adjusted the depth on the planter to what i wanted . i had to bend over this thing and push with my full body bent on top of it , it did not go easily in my soil type at all . also , even with the properly sized plate it still dropped between 1-9ish seeds in some places and none in others , it is very inconsistant . im sure it would have been much easier in perfect sifted topsoil or somthing but not in the pennsylvania field soil i tried to plant in . im glad i didnt buy this product and would not recommend it to anyone without absolute perfect dirt , who doesnt care about seed spacing .
 I read all of the reviews and had mixed feelings about ordering this garden seeder ; based on most reviews , the product was a little lacking . I am glad to report that most of the reviews were pretty much on target . This thing does n't work well for any of the seeds that I tried
 I purchased this item . I just tried it for the first time and the seed gets jamed behind the seed plate and it will not let the plate to turn or carry the seed to the hole to drop the seed down the shout . I tired to plant sweat peas and it keeps jaming up . I tried a different disk and it also jamed up . Good idea but does not work . Your better off to use a hoe and a rake .
 it 's a great quick fix-it item , but one has to be carefull and do not overtightnen the screws . They snap off the threads and then the coupling is unusable . In higher quality couplers all parts are made of metal -LRB- brass -RRB- . Of course , metal is much more durable and reliable .
 I would not purchase . Get the brass one with the metal band to secure hose . This one leaks and then pops of hose . A wast of time and effort trying to get it to work .
 I bought this model sprinkler last year for the almost all-metal construction . I was tired of the plastic ones that do n't last a full season . The black hose connector -LRB- on the left in the photo -RRB- is plastic . This leaked from the beginning and eventually came off leaving the sprinkler useless in less than a year . I just got a refund from my local home center .
 The metal base with the hose attachments is very poorly designed and made . As the previous reviewer pointed out , it leaks badly and just pops off . There is no way to fix or tighten this junction and when the plastic wears a bit the hose just falls off and sprinkler is useless.AVOID ANY GILMOUR Sprinklers with this spike base . The sprinkler heads themselves work fairly well .
 The sprinkler itself works very well , and feels pretty strong.However , the plastic hose connector is not on par with the rest of the construction , the threads are fragile and the seal not so good , therefore expect some leeks , especially if you plan to connect and disconnect frequently.Furthermore , the connector is of a collar kind , and can not be replaced , meaning that when this cheap plastic part fails you will have a lot of trouble connecting a hose to the sprinkler .
 I looked at this bag at the store side by side with the original toolbelt they copied it from . Occidental makes a bag that has nicer leather , better stitching , better rivets plus it 's made in the USA !
 This was my third and last Gilmour that I will ever buy . The first one was great , lasted about 2 years . Then the 2nd one I bought , started leaking after about 4 months . I bought a third one , thinking that the 2nd one was just a fluke . We only used it three times and then it was leaking and not oscillating . I blamed my husband at first and thought that he had hooked up the broken one instead of the new one . Did n't think it was possible to break after 3 times . Will never buy another Gilmour again .
 sprayer arrived today so I loaded it up with water and pumped it up , worked very nice . When i started to spray the trigger mechanism was leaking all over my hand . I attempted the tricks in the instructions and none helped , this dribbled a constant stream of water over my hand . Not acceptable for spraying poison . I will be sending this one back .
 After 5 times of use the sprayer will not hold the air when pumped . You can hear it coming out but I ca n't tell from where .
 Let me start with the positives . This sprayer is constructed from fairly high quality material . However , this does n't mean it was designed from high quality engineering . And because it fails to function * in the way it 's supposed to function * , I ca n't give this product more than 1 star despite its use of quality materials.What all the positive reviewers forget to mention is that the tension mechanism designed to hold the -LRB- high quality -RRB- brass spraying wand is * VERY POORLY * engineered . A few other reviews have mentioned that if it is n't tightened `` just right '' then the liquid being sprayed -LRB- poison , weed killer , other liquids you do n't want on your skin -RRB- squirts out everywhere.In addition , the poor design of the wand securing mechanism makes it hard to angle the tip of the wand at an optimal angle to the way your hand naturally holds the spray trigger . You have to turn the tension mechanism securing the wand to the spray trigger so tight that it rotates the wand itself , so your once perfect tip angle is rotated pointing up now.Lastly , even after tightening the tension mechanism as tight as it would go w/o breaking the plastic mechanism itself , the wand very often comes loose and flies off easily as you swing your arms side to side in a normal spraying motion . This happened to me twice and both times , it wasted A LOT of weed killer as it gushed out of the trigger handle because the wand flew off completely . And , NO , I did not use excessive swinging movements as I sprayed , just normal movements.This is a major engineering flaw which makes this sprayer somewhat dangerous to operate -LRB- imagine swinging the wand and having the brass wand hit someone in the face while spewing poisonous liquid all over them -RRB- , which is the reason why I gave this only 1 star and returned it . It has just 1 flaw , but it is a MAJOR ONE.The second flaw is that the green plastic container is not semi-transparent enough for you to gauge how much liquid is inside it . This flaw I could 've lived with , but the poorly engineered mechanism used to secure the brass wand onto the plastic trigger is so bad that is a DEAL BREAKER , esp for a product of this price .
 I wish I could give this sprayer 0 stars !! I received this sprayer with anticipation because of the good reviews - I should have known better ; cheap sprayers never work !! I filled it with Round-up and two gallons of water as instructed . Pump-pump-pump-nothing . Again , pump-pump-pump-nothing . I took it apart to make sure it was assembled correctly . Put it back together and pump-pump-pump nothing . Got my husband out to take a try . He took it apart and put it back together and pump-pump-pump-nothing !! This is fresh out of the box new and it does n't work AT ALL - even a tiny spray !!!! So now , we have to dump the contents -LRB- expensive Round-up -RRB- and go buy another sprayer . I will never , ever buy this brand again . The brand new one will now have to go into a landfill , unused . What a shame !!!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY and go to a local hardware store to buy a sprayer -LRB- not this brand -RRB- that is easy to return !!
 I have had it for several years and use it several times a year to spray poison on my rock mulch to control weeds and I have never had a problem
 As described I thought this item was translucent . But it is not . The items still sit in the boxes they came in as they are to expensive to ship back and restocking fees ect . You can not see fluid levels in them . As performance goes I have no idea . They look sturdy enough . But not what I was expecting to get . I am dissapointed I spent the money on the two of them since I ca n't use them for my business which NEEDS to see the levels . Do n't buy if you are expecting to see the fluid level .
 Orderedthis product but never received it . Contacted UPS on two occasions , then contacted the seller . A replacement item was sent and received . Now receiving emails from amazon stating that the item needs to be returned or I will be charged -LRB- a second time -RRB- . Do n't order this product from amazon .
 This sprayer is light-duty , so the `` Premium '' and `` Professional '' designations are misleading.When I started using it , it was leaking at the downstream side of the valve , where the wand attaches to the valve body . I was able to stop the leak by removing the little filter adapter that had been inserted between the valve body and the wand . Now there 's no filter , but at least I am not getting chemical all over my hand.In short , the sprayer does the job it is supposed to , but I 'm not confident it 's going to last very long .
 I ordered 3 of the sprayers and 2 of them came without some of the parts . I contacted the seller to see if I can just get the parts shipped to me , and I received a generated email about sending the sprayers back . All I wanted was the parts that were missing , not to send the sprayers back . The sprayers are n't worth anything without the cap or the wand !
 I have rarely bought a product so defective by design as this one - which I deliberately selected to get a metal -LRB- instead of plastic -RRB- spray rood . On no fewer than three locations , the `` want '' wobbles and when not stay screwed in or fastened for more then 20-30 seconds , and , even when fastened , leaks at any given time on at least one of the three locations . It 's not just the lousy quality control of this junk , it 's that any company would actually believe it can sell something this bad . It 's planned obscelence - from right out of the box . I do n't understand the other positive reviews . It does n't look to me as as if I just got a sprayer that was , by way of exception , defective , but rather that the entire design/manufacturing is seriously faulty - across the board .
 I filled this sprayer when I bought it . I did not need to fill it again for what I was using it for until 3 months later . The second time I filled it the chamber that pressurizes the air came loose from the handle and it would not pressurize to spray . I just got it out for the new season and attempted to fit the camber back into the grooves in the handle . . and it still will not work or stay connected ... I purchased a Roundup sprayer to replace it . I will contact the company since the box says it has a lifetime guarantee and see if they will replace . I would not buy this brand again .
 I thought of the Gilmour 2000P potentially as a high-end , quality product , and made in USA to boot . Boy , was I disappointed : It came with green plastic shavings from manufacturing filling much of the pump cylinder , sticking to the grease they spread in there . Once I cleaned that mess out , I discovered the pump itself had a distorted and damaged pump plunger head , so without a full seal , you could not pressure it up at all . I guess it would have worked fine as a green plastic wastebasket.All in all , a total disappointment , so selected refund vs replacement .
 i am a high school student who is into tools and the like . I have my own set that I brought up to school with me so I could work on my various projects , however , before I brought the se up with me , I had to borrow tools . In one case , I need to dissassemble a pari of speakers I had recently purchsed . For this , I needed a knife and a set of pliers . I borrowed my roommates leatherman micra for the job , and immediately snapped the blade while trying to separate the glue joint . I placed the fault for this upon myself , for it was indeed a very thin blade , and had obviously been hardened , so I should probably have been more careful . . Lter , as I was removing the cover , I used the small pliers to hold one part of the case in place while I bored a hole in which to set a screw , however , this required some pressure to hold the piece in plac . But as soon as I appliead real pressure to clamp the piece in place , the plier handle snapped in two . This certainly was no fault of mine . I had not mistreated nor misused the product . It simply snapped under pressure . In my opinon , this product is far two small to be of any use , The tools it contains must be larger or at least far far stronger to perform their function well . My advice , buy a real tool , not something you can carry around in your pocket wihtout noticing it , or get a real pocketknife , that will actually be of use . Unless of course you do not intend to use this product , or have nothand strength to do so .
 I expected this to flow much more water as it is larger . Not so . I also did not expect it to kink as much . Gads , it kinks like crazy . I can not recommend this hose . Being larger in diameter I did think I would be more difficult wind up but it is . Ca n't tell ya how disappointed I am in this hose . I can not recommend it . I would recommend a smaller diameter hose and get a stronger flow and more powerfull flow ... which makes sense , smaller opening makes a stronger flow . This darn thing kinks like crazy , much , much more than my 75 foot hose . Do n't waste your money .
 This hose does not do what it specifically advertises - be flexible . I initially unrolled the hose to find it had 5 permanent kinks . The kinks get caught on things and as I unroll the hose it kinks and shuts off the water . This is the worst hose I have ever owned . I returned it and got another and the same thing happened . I even left the hose stretched-out in the sun to see if that would fix the kinks - it did n't . Dont buy this hose , they are lying - it is n't flexible at all !
 I bought this to use on our hobby farm for watering livestock . The hose itself is robust and relatively kink free - in fact all I would expect . However we are returning it because of a worsening and persistent leak at the rotating connection between the female end on the faucet end of the hose and the hose itself . It started the first time we used the hose with just a few drops of leakage but now half fills a 5 gallon pail every day while we fill stock tanks . I am disappointed because I thought I was finally going to find a reliable 3/4 inch hose and while I think I am just unfortunate to have got one with a faulty fitting , I am going to try a different hose next time .
 When I received the hose , I made sure to unroll it completely . The first time the water was turned on , the hose had a pin hole in it . Now I have to go through the process of rolling it back up to return it . Not worth the effort . Thankfully amazon.com has a good return policy .
 I ordered and received this hose and it arrived with one end of the hose being severely `` bent '' . It definitely would have restricted water flow.So , I returned the hose and reordered it soon after , thinking the defective first hose was simply a fluke . The second hose arrived in same manner - bent about 4 inches below the coupling . I need to look elsewhere ...
 Only after few weeks I got to notice a few dents and a tear in the pipe . Will check if a replacement can be made .
 Hooked it up to the faucet to wash my wife 's car and got sprayed in the face from the middle of the hose .
 I loved this hose when I got it about a month ago . However now it started to leak where the brass nut is connected to the hose I do n't know why it started to leak . After spending $ 63.00 on this hose I thought it would last longer VERY VERY disappointed . Where it leaks is part of the hose not something that was placed on it .
 I received a defective unit from Amazon . I was really disappointed given everyone 's great ratings . When I connected my unit to the spigot , it had a slow drip -LRB- one drop every few seconds -RRB- so that I could not leave this always turned on . I tighten the hose with a wrench and had no success . I also tried Teflon tape and pipe thread compound with no success . I even tried using two other gaskets but the leak continued . I tried connecting it to another spigot and had the same problem . After careful observation , the leak does not appear to be coming from the gasket but is coming up from the metal piece that is clamped on the hose indicating a pin hole breach somewhere in the metal . I spent several hours trying without success . Since I need a good hose now , I am not going to cut off the ends to send to Gilmour and have to wait for a new hose . The worst part is packing it up to send back to Amazon because I had to blow the water out of the hose before shipping it . This hose was a huge disappointment . I ended up buying a 5/8 hose from a big box retailer which worked fine .
 I am the owner of a pressure washing company so I am very familiar with hoses . I was seeking a hose for my home that was lighter than professional grade supply hoses as well as being more economical since it would not see heavy use.My concerns with the hose : &#8226; It leaks at the coupling . After applying plumbers tape to the faucet and replacing the O-ring gasket with a better one , I was able to stop 90 % of the leaking . There is still a slow drip , even after that effort and added expense . &#8226; The hose kinks . Not just in overly-stressed angles but constantly . This is what killed the hose for me . I 've used the lowest grade box store hose that did n't kink this much . Its a never ending battle of stopping to walk back and un-kink it.There was no way I was going to pack it up for shipping back . I put it at the back of the house where there is a flower bed 8 ' from the faucet and bought a real hose -LRB- GoodYear pro-grade red -RRB- for the side . Waste of money .
 Do not waste your money on this expensive hose . It kinked after 4 months and actually ripped after 14 months . It is three times as much as a standard hose and is a big rip off .
 had a pin hole the first time i used . cut the couplers off and mailed them back to gilmore for free replacement 2 weeks ago still recieved nothing . this hose has 2 plys of rienforcement how they can say it is 8 plys is just not true .
 This review is for the Gilmour 10-34100 Flexogen - 3/4 '' x 100 ' hose . If it is critical or important to maintain water flow , then pass on this hose . The Flow Guard Plus collar is NOT part of this hose . Amazon 's web page incorrectly pictures and describes the product as having the kink resistant collar . I need to supply water to a 4 gpm pressure washer . Uninterrupted water flow is critical for this application . Therefore , I am returning the hose . Also , be advised the Amazon tools-tech-support department assured me this hose has the collar . They were wrong .
 These hoses suck ! Bought two . Used one twice and had to trash it . Pressure decreased greatly and has multiple bulges . Second one did the same the first time we used it !
 Attracted to its nice design and the Gilmour name , plus the `` lifetime leakproof seal '' , I purchased this hose nozzle . I had tried different brands and models before and all of them became useless after a few months , due to leaks and/or a failing trigger spring . The Gilmour worked like a charm for a year and then , like the others and for the same problems , became useless . Hoping I had purchased a defective unit - and still believing in the reliability of the `` lifetime leakproof seal '' - I got two more . All of them had the same ill fate after about a year . Very deceptive !
 The nozzle leaks like crazy . I want to use the mist feature to water my new seedlings and ended up buying a watering can from Home depot .
 my nozzle is LEAKING . I am so sick of buying things that dont work . mine is less than 3 months old , and now all settings leak ... i greased the o ring and still leaks ... what a piece of crap . I have millions of dollars but cant get a good nozzle . does anyone make them ?
 I bought two of these ; eventually they leaked and I returned them for replacements under the lifetime warranty . Within a few weeks , the replacements leaked . I returned them and got new ones . I have used one now for about three weeks , and it has started leaking . I have to turn the water off at the source , and turn it on whenever I want to water the lawn . I am just wasting my time and postage money .
 I purchased this item online with the belief that the description , including the words `` Made in USA '' were to be true . It is not . It is made in a country that currently trades with the U.S. and does not mind that high lead content and poor quality are a hallmark of their exports -LRB- never mind their workplace or human rights records !!! -RRB- I would send it back , but that would only throw good money after bad . Buyer beware , all descriptions are not the same and are not necessarily accurate ... verify by phone first before you buy .
 Is anyone surprised anymore when their product completely fails ? You have to ask yourself ... when companies are not willing to pay people over 50 cents to $ 2 an hour to manufacture their products , do n't you think they are building them with the cheapest materials.This particular pos worked about 8 times .
 The valve broke after only four months of use . It would not shut off the water . Water sprayed back at the user . No good .
 Great pressure , spray patterns and operation when brand new . I bought three of these for my three hoses . They all sprung major leaks behind the selector disk , the kind of leaks that get you very wet , after 3 to 4 months of use . This seems to happen with all of the select-spray nozzles I buy . I think I will just buy the simple nozzles from now on .
 I bought the metal version over the much cheaper plastic version because I thought it would hold up better . I dropped it within the first week of owning it and a piece inside broke and it now leaks as much water out of the head as is sprays . Today I bought the same unit , but this time with a plastic shell ! I like the nozzle , and hopefully the lighter weight will keep that piece from breaking if it hits the ground .
 Larger bow saws are no longer easy to find , and 36 inch models are about as big as they come today . I am aware of only three such saws currently available online -- from Bahco , Traditional Woodworker , and the Gilmour.The Gilmour is made for very light use and is adequate for occassional cutting of small diameter trees and limbing around the home . However , with an average distance between the bow and the blade of only 6.7 inches , it is not able to cut timber as large as the other two saws . Even more frustrating is that its tensioning handle is loose and wobbly , even in the closed position . Admittedly , the Bahco 36 inch saw is n't much better . The only really good saw among these three is the one available from Traditional Woodworker.Unlike the Bahco and the Gilmour saws , the tensioning handle on the Traditional Woodworker model puts a lot of tension on the blade and it stays firm and tight when closed . The saw is light and strong and feels good in the hand . It is a saw suitable for hard use . The Gilmour saw seems like a toy in comparison.In evaluating bow saws , I concentrate on the quality of the bow , its size and its tensioning mechanism . Saw blades are easily interchangeable on bow saws and so generally I do n't discuss them . However , it may be worth noting that most bow saws come with a blade in which there are three cutting teeth to each raker . Unfortunately , I find that a blade without rakers cuts more smoothly and more easily in many applications , including hardwoods , dry wood and frozen wood . The only advantage rakers have over blades without rakers is cutting wood that is very soft , as in pine , hemlock , fir and poplar . The Traditional Woodworker saw comes with both types of blades . For other saws , a Bahco Type 51 blade can be ordered from a dealer or online at the Bahco Store -LRB- not affiliated with Bahco -RRB- .
 I had just purchased the Gilmour 36-inch bow saw and was very dissatisfied with it -- took inordinately long to saw through each log . While searching for a different make and model I found Gary Fogg 's review at this site . I took his advice and ordered a Traditional Woodworker saw from the web . Before the T-W saw arrived , the little clip holding the blade on my Gilmour broke . That was a blessing because I started using the T-W as soon as it arrived . The T-W saw took 1/3 to 1/4 of the time to saw through a log compared to the Gilmour , though this may have been due in part to superiority of the T-W blade compared with the Gilmour blade .
 I was so proud to have ordered this as one of my husband 's birthday gifts ... we 're big on landscaping our 5 acre yard , and are always fighting over tools , so i thought to get an extra ... poor joe , as soon as he started using it , the spring flew off and it 's useless ... $ 12 something wasted ... and of course , it 's ` used ' , so it 's not returnable ... did n't realize that ... I 'd really thought your return policy was better than that ... it was from amazon itself ... joined the free shipping for a year , and so I will have to keep with that , but I 'll certainly be more careful in purchasing other items ...
 I was sent the 1/4 chinese model and promptly returned it . If there was something less than one star that would have been my choice for rating this item . Another American company bites the dust !
 It leaks BAD around the hose connection . I have even added a second hose washer , but it still leaks bad . This is a manufacturing defect .
 I do not trust Oatley 's rubber sealing collars to last more than a few years . Our home was built new approximatley 7 years ago with six Oatley Galvanized Base No-Calk Roof Flashings on the roof . These are `` no-calk '' flashing because they come with the Oatley rubber sealing collars . Last year I first noticed ceiling drywall damage after a heavy rain . The leak was from the Oatley rubber sealing collars which are almost all cracked and loose now . The Oatley rubber seals appear to oxidized from sun damage . These sealing collars should be made to last 30 to 40 years , not 6 years . We live in Northern California where the sun is not bad .
 The product was too small a diameter to cover the damaged area . Either get a larger unit or totally replace defective cover .
 I ordered this item because it was a gift from my children . I have not used it yet but I sure was surprised to see how low the quality is comparing price . I feel it is highly over priced , when the wand is plastic and it only has a 30 '' hose on it.I hope that I am not more dissatisfied after I use it.I feel for -LSB- the price -RSB- it should have a metal wand and a longer hose.My old one that I am replacing can be purchsed for less than -LSB- this -RSB- and would have a metal wand and a longer hose .
 Not a good product as it leaks everywhere . Not much more to say it was not usuable as it would leak water and chemical from the top spout .
 Seriously this product is not worth the money how can you put PROFESSIONAL on a product that is no better than the plastic bottle sprayer that products typically are sold with .
 Sprays OK but every part of it leaks . Big dissapointment would buy something else . Not worth the price . This is my review and I am sticking to it
 All products that contain lead should disclose this fact at the point of sale . This product contains lead and this is not disclosed on Amazon 's website under the product description or product details .
 Unfortunately this product did not live up to its claim of easy use . After repeated failed attempts , I gave up trying to use it . First , the spray stream was weak , not the distance or impact claimed by the seller . Secondly , the unit failed to draw up the chemical I was attempting to spray . I was bummed .
 Go ahead , dial their customer service and listen to the busy signal all day , no mater what department . I have wasted three hours trying to get anyone to answer the customer service line .
 The water mixes with and dilutes the chemical . . It messes up the concentration . . Instead of wasting the chemical like the other bad sprayers , it dilutes the chemical with water from the hose . .
 did not spray 30ft as promised only about 12ft . after spraying for more that 10 minutes the amount of the chemical tnat had been displaced in the sprayer was less than a quater of an inch so just spraying water . waste of time !
 I do n't know if I just got a defective product but after some spraying , the weed killer that is in the plastic bottle was being diluted with water and when weed killer is 40 dollars a bottle it really is a big deal to have a lot go to waste on top of the weeds not getting the full effect of the product . It sprayed really well I just do n't know how effective the weed killer will be . :-LRB- Sad I was really excited to have an easier time controlling weeds
 I had one of these before and I was satisfied with it for the most part , until it broke . But when I attached the new one I bought to my hose and turned the hose on , it was stuck spraying , even though the handle was not depressed . I had to run back to the spigot before all my solution was gone . No instructions gave any clue as to why this could be happening or how to correct it . I do n't have time to deal with this .
 I must have been very naive when it comes to hose-end sprayers , and perhaps I should have done more research on these types of products before buying this one . But nonetheless , the ratio for this sprayer are on the extreme weak side . Meaning , the best you can do is spray 9 tablespoons of chemical to 1 gallon of water . So , there 's no dealing in `` typical '' parts . i.e. , 2:1 , 3:1 , it 's more like 256 to 1 when using this sprayer ! This maximum ratio is rather pointless if you are spraying , let 's say bleach , onto moldy exterior home siding . There 's 256 tablespoons in 1 gallon of water , so the maximum value on this spreader only permits a maximum ratio of 28 parts water to 1 part chemical -LRB- in my case , bleach -RRB- . Now what 's that supposed to do ! At any rate , I should have done a bit more digging before purchasing this product , and now I 'm stuck with it . Perhaps I could use it fertilize my lawn when the time comes so that it is n't a total waste . The nozzle that comes attached to it is rather powerful for your typical garden hose sprayer , so maybe I can put that to use , who knows ! On a positive note , the product did arrive on time and well packaged .
 It seems like a quality product made from good materials , but the design did not work for me . I was interested in spraying liquid fertilizer and a milk solution recommended to combat lawn mildew . For these uses , it took over an hour of spraying to empty the container even on the highest setting . This rate may be OK for spraying potent chemicals , but not for fertilizer . My water pressure is a bit low , so that could have contributed to the problem . I had to return it .
 Before reading my review , it 's possible that I stumbled upon a defective unit . I do n't know . However :1 -RRB- Bayer , the manufacturer of the solution I use to spray my roses , recommends a dilution of 1.5 tablespoons per gallon of water . I filled in 1/5 bottle with the solution , set the dial between 1-2 and stated spraying . After some time , I noticed that the solution in the battle remains at the same level .2 -RRB- Then I read that you are not supposed to set the dial between numbers ! That 's a big drawback in regard to accuracy of spraying , especially at higher dilutions .3 -RRB- Next , I set it to # 2 and again , the solution remained inside the bottle . That 's when I realized that you can not tilt the bottle when there is only little solution inside , since the draw pipe does n't come in contact with the solution .4 -RRB- In order to achieve a dilution closer to what Bayer recommends , I had to set the dial to # 5 , which does n't make any sense .5 -RRB- I will return it , since it may simply be a defective unit , or it is n't meant for high dilutions.P.S . I just discovered another possible source for the malfunction
 i bought a set from the local auto store and they lasted me less than a month at work , i am at 3 days shy of a month on these gloves and my thumb index and middle fingers on both hands are torn through , and my left ring finger is almost there as well , i bought these in hopes they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar ones that only lasted a month and these were actually worse ! i am a tire installer and i put in 40 hours of nothing but gloves and these just do not hold up ! i will say if your doing light work they may be great as they are comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of items and not lose your ability to handle !
 Gloves fit very loose , they do not have velcro tab to tighten the wrist . Not heavy duty , very lite duty . Do not recommend .
 i used these gloves for five days before they no longer even resembled there original state.two days chipping logs , one day moving scrap , and two days digging ; no fingers at all -LRB- even the pinky and ring on right hand had finger tip holes -RRB- and worn to thread on the palms . this is not a durable glove of any caliber.looked good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that requires a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if your hands are your link to your work then skip this one.granted i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fits well and has any level of flexibility . but never have i worn through a new pair in under a week .
 soooooooooooooooooooooooo cheap , soooooooooooooooo thin , so cruddy compared to the last pair of this brand . I would highly recommend not buying these , unless it is for driving a prius or something
 I bought these gloves hoping to use them in cold weather conditions , for handling tools and equipment.These are a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do n't keep the water out . What 's the use of a glove if it gets wet?I am obviously not gon na be using a glove as a decoration on my hand , it is meant to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . And since it rains frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these gloves outside , they immediately get soaked by water rendering these gloves useless .
 It seems as if these gloves just are n't made the way they used to be . I should have noticed that many of the positive reviews for these gloves were written way before I purchased a pair . After having gone through 2 pairs in the span of a few months , I can safely say I will be staying away from these and other Mechanix gloves in the future.Not everything is bad . They fit and feel great when new . The problem is their durability , or lack there of . The material of the palm and fingers is very thin and will develop holes if used for anything other than light duty house keeping . I used mine for various gardening and DIY projects , none of which were extensively abusive , and I rapidly wore holes by the fingertips .
 i used these like 3-4 times and the fingers already ripped out of them . not durable to any reasonable extent . a common occurrence with gloves . pro series , carhartts , you name it . my cheap dewalts lasted longer . going to try youngstown , ninja , and sealskinz .
 Updated
 I had one of these put ahead of a Gilmour 9400 timer on a hose bib connection . BAD IDEA . The timer shut-off causes a lot of water hammer and this broke the tee . That is , the hammer , after about a month , caused a crack in the tee that allowed a LOT of water leakage.If you 're just looking for a tee for convience then this is a nice one . The knobs on the valve are big and easy to use.Just DO NOT use it in a constant supply situation where there will be any sort of hard shut off as the plastic WILL crack .
 Simply put , this is a cheap piece that breaks under regular use . It 's a poor value . I 've replaced two in three months .
 I 'm using this product correctly and all that comes out is water . It leaves the vast majority of fertilizer in the jar and does n't distribute it . Easily fixed but still annoying , the tube inside does n't touch the bottom of the jar so you ca n't use the last gallon or so , ASSUMING that this would work in the first place !
 Worked okay the first time I used it . With the second time and about 1/3 through the solution/jar contents , I noticed it stopped distributing the mixture as the level did not decrease at all . It even looked like it was adding water to the jar . Noticed that the trigger area was leaking , too . Also , amount sprayed did not fan out well/consistently , even though we have strong and consistent water pressure . It would start strong and then ... a pathetic spray . Valve/trigger area very problematic . Will try to return .
 Did not send top to sprayer , need I say more ! There was n't even a packing slip included in the box . Will make sure NEVER to use this vendor again ! Might as well have taken my money and thrown it in the trash where this will have to go .
 Worked for the first day or so . Then trying to switch the valve off only works 50 % of the time -LRB- switching off does n't shut off water stream at all -RRB- . Not recommended .
 I am not happy that this is not made in the USA . The reason I purchased this was the description said that it is made in the USA . I will be contacting Amazon and Gilmour about this . This is false advertising . I suppose I should have read the reviews first and would have found this out . I have not used this so I can not comment on the ability of this nozzel to function . I plan on sending this back .
 I just received my order and these are not made in the USA they were made in CHINA ... I ordered two each of the following nozzles 573 , 573TF , and 593 . They are all made in China . I contacted Gilmour and they said that all their nozzles are made in China now . I purchased these as gifts as I have one that everybody loves , but it was made in the USA . I try very hard to do my part and buy American .
 I had bought this sprayer in the past but now they are made very cheaply and if dropped , the sprayer selection part separates from the body of the sprayer leaking water all over . Not what they used to be .
 I bought this last fall , and it had been working fine . But today -LRB- it 's summer in the Phoenix metro area -RRB- , when I went to use it , the thing had warped and it leaked and whistled . Obviously , most of us keep our nozzles attached to the hose , and of course the hose is stored outside . This all-plastic device could not stand up to the heat .
 I bought two . One leaked as received . Got a replacement . Then , the second one leaked . Gave up . Leak comes from o ring too skinny and plastic not strong enough . Slightly higher water pressure caused the leak . Need to shut off the water after iuse . Very inconvenient .
 After only 4 months -- using it perhaps twice a week , at most -- something inside must have burst , and water is spraying all over . I 've had the Orbit version , only a few dollars more , for a full year , with much more usage weekly , and it 's in okay shape . I would steer clear of the Gilmour products based on my experience .
 Gilmour must be lacking in quality control . The item I received was below expectations in comparison to other products I own by Gilmour.First , the rubber fell off after a couple of uses . Very hard to adjust without the rubber portions.Second , this has a very small outlet with reduced water flow in comparison to others I own . I believe they made the outlet tube very small to accommodate the rubber piece that promptly fell off.Third , contrary to statements on Gilmour 's website about the number of products made in USA , this is made in China.In summary , I would not purchase again . Disappointed with the product , but given the price not worth sending it back and paying return shipping.I would recommend the Dramm 12380 Heavy-Duty Brass Adjustable Hose Nozzle sold by Amazon for almost the same price . Larger , solid brass , smooth turning and no rubber pieces to fall off . The Dramm is also made in the USA and my wife and I like its spray pattern and water flow better .
 This valve is junk . The entire valve and more importantly the latch that closes the valve is entirely made of plastic . After just two months the valve fails to close because the latch developed a crack and wo n't apply enough force to turn the valve all the way . You get what you pay for , save your money and buy a Dramm valve ... it 's 3x the price but will last 100x longer .
 Was advertised as metal 1 '' bubble level with picture and when received it was cheap plastic and not the same as picture that I had ordered .
 Before you order this , you should know that the manufacturer has changed the product without updating the picture or description . If you are looking for a small , sturdy , easy-to-read level , this is not the one you want.I purchased this directly from Amazon.com LLC . The product they shipped was indeed a Mayes Surface Level model 10154 , but it was not the level described on the website . The level I received was clear instead of green and has additional markings making it harder to see the bubble . See the customer image that Anonymous posted to see what I also received . The level shipped was also a different size . The website described a 1 `` x1 '' by 1/2 '' high level . What I received is 2 '' in diameter and 3/4 '' in height , which is much too big for my application . Finally , the quality of the construction looks to be inferior to the level pictured with thinner unpolished plastic.Fortunately , Amazon will pay for the return shipping , so I am just out a few minutes of my time to print out the return label and drop it in the mail box.The picture actually seems to be of the much more expensive Kaiser level.Kaiser 206386 Circular Bubble Level
 I got mine from Deerso via Amazon . The one I got has clear fluid so the bubble is harder to see . There are additional circles and lines on the display , which is less appealing than a simple circle . Item is 2 '' in diameter and 5/8 '' high . Too cheap to upset about , would not buy again .
 If you do n't mind what color the housing , liquid , or the etchings on top ... then buy this . If you want the one in the picture , do n't buy it ... it 's not the one you will get . Mine has white housing and clear liquid inside instead of green.The one thing that really pulls this rating down is the quality of the liquid inside . It creates tiny bubbles very easily and they push the larger bubble to the side so it takes a while for the tiny bubbles to dissipate and give an accurate reading .
 I purchased this to level my phono turntable , but I kept getting inconsistant readings from this Mayes level . I could get the bubble perfectly centered , but if I turned the level 180 degrees and set it back down on the same spot , the reading would be off . This means that this bullseye level itself is not level . Either the bottom is not flat and level , or the capsule is mounted slightly cocked . Another thing I do n't like about it is the liquid is clear , not yellow as shown in the photo , making the bubble difficult to see indoors without a flashlight . Later , I came across my forgotten Johnson Level & Tool No. 125 -LRB- made in U.S.A. -RRB- cross check level . It is an inexpensive , plastic , lightweight ` T ' shaped level that is also listed on Amazon ; it did what I needed , proving to be very accurate.This one is not labeled ` Mayes ' , or anything else on the level itself . After reading that reviewers received different models than the one pictured -LRB- as I did -RRB- , I concluded that this is a generic model from two or more Chinese sources that is then packaged under the Mayes name , so they are not all exactly alike , and quality control apparently varies as well.This should work fine for ` in-the-ballpark ' leveling of fenceposts or bookshelves , but to get the accuracy I needed , I found my Johnson Level & Tool cross check level filled the bill.If you insist on a phono specific level , do a search for the VPI-Turntable Level . It is EXACTLY the same as my Johnson cross-check level -LRB- except for the name -RRB- , but it is advertized specifically to level phonos , so that boosts the price to three times as much , plus shipping ! I 'm sure there are some suckers that will pay that much , thinking they are getting something special . Now I will definitely stick with my Johnson cross-check level rather than get some overpriced audiophile phono level.Even if you do n't own a phono , the Johnson cross-check is better than this Mayes piece of junk .
 The washer included with the nozzle did n't fit properly . Water sprayed out the bottom when I used it -LRB- it was a new hose -RRB- and then the nozzle began flying off the end of the hose when I tried to use it . Ca n't use it with full water pressure behind it at all . Do not recommend .
 Leaked all over the place when I first attached it to my hose , then cracked . I would n't buy this model again .
 Decent sprinkler , kind of cheap feeling but for the price that is to be ecpected . It leaked pretty bad when I first got it so I had to use some teflon tape to help it seal . also the product came extremely dusty . The sprinkle pattern is pretty weak too .
 Had a Swedish bow saw for 20 years , still sharp as a razor , a pleasure to use . Decided on a backup , went to Ace Hardware . The Gilmour Bow Saw , could hardly cut a 1 '' branch . It is made in China and is truly cheap junk . The Ace manager said '' we do not take back used tools . '' I only tried it once , how else was I to find out if it was any good . He would not even exchange it . I trusted ACE , they do have a few good products , like paint and plumbing . This saw is an embarassment . Get a Swedish steel blade on a BAHCO or others . USAF Retired . Technology Teacher 37 years .
 This bow saw is not worth the time required to purchase it ! It is very lightweight and flimsy . The release latch is made of cheap plastic . It has a plastic bladeguard that broke the first time it was removed . Worse yet the blade is loose enough that it flexes and twists from side to side when cutting making it impossible to make a straight cut . It is extremely difficult to use a back and forth sawing motion since it does n't want to go forward . It jams and twists in the attempt . We have tried this saw on everything from 12 '' logs to 1 '' branches with the same result . Save yourselves the pain and buy another brand .
 Nowhere in the product description did they say the brass in the nozzle -LRB- which comes in contact with the water -RRB- contains lead . It did n't need to contain lead although . The packaging does say , after the fact when I 've received the item . It 's too cheap to waste the time to return it . Try something else that does n't contain lead . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Gilmour -LRB- Bosch -RRB- has gone over to the dark side ! And by that I mean this bow saw blade , that was once made in Denmark using Swedish steel is now made in ... guess where ... if you said CHINA you 'd be right on the money . Now , I happen to have two Swedish steel blades both made in Denmark as I write this . Both are over 15 years old , both were bought at the exact same time , one is currently in the saw , and one is still in the package unused . The one in the saw though a lot rusty is still sharp and working well but getting long in the tooth and wo n't last much longer . I ordered this blade -LRB- after researching its country of origin on the Internet -RRB- and found that it was billed as a top quality Denmark blade . They lied ! BTW , not Amazon 's fault , though I do wish Amazon would start mentioning the country of origin in their product descriptions . Compared side by side with a 15 year old brand new Denmark blade this China blade is a cheap piece of Chinese `` you know what '' and that is just from a purely visual inspection . I 'll go ahead and put it in the saw handle and use it and I 'll save my Swedish steel blade for when this cheap hunk of junk wears out -LRB- wo n't take long -RRB- . By then maybe I can locate a good blade to have on `` back up '' when I do have to start using my Swedish steel blade . I would normally give something like this only one star but as the blade looks like it might possibly last two years -LRB- being generous here -RRB- along with being an Amazon Prime item I gave it two . Long story short , if you want a top quality blade , look elsewhere !
 I purchased this item because it was made in USA , but it is NOT . It 's another crappy made in China product .
 These sprayers are not worth the money . They are way to damned big for anyone to haul around specially a woman . Pump is inefficient . Takes for ever to get pressure . Pressure does n't last very long . Nozzle trigger sucks . It 's either on or off . There should be a way to employ a refillable air supply cylander .
 Spend more money and get a better model . It 's a cheap piece of plastic . The spray nozzle does n't adjust . The blue o ring comes off , I could keep going with all it 's faults .
 The handle is very short so it is very easy to scrape your hand or pull a nail from your finger . Good if your only using it for home cleaning but not recommended for workers .
 The center holes were not deep enough or wide enough to go over the little nub in the middle of the screws . I had to use them at an angle to get the screws to turn at all . Of the four screws I needed to get out , this tool set only worked on two .
 The long arms of these torx keys do not have center holes and are therefore torx but not torx security . The short arms have holes but some are badly out of center . I need the long arm so this item is a total waste of money .
 very nice finish , handy folding organizer , but the long arms do n't have holes , and since the short arms are too short to reach the screw i 'm trying to get out , they are useless .
 Well , the set looks nice , and arrived in a reasonable time . No complaint re the seller.As for the tools , well all I 've tried is the T-30 and it is cut wrong on the short end and wo n't go in the bolt . Now Amazon has a Grizzly set that was n't showing up last week when I ordered , and it 's half the price . I would recommend trying that one .
 I have ordered a Torx Wrench set with 9 pieces by Torx and they sent me some stupid brand of tools that i have never even heard of called American Tool Exchanged , and they are made in Taiwan and made out of lead , i think it it lead because it says that the chemical used is known to the State of California to cause cancer birth defects , and other reproductive harm . So they sent me a crappy tool set , and it made me mad .
 This product would be perfect if the machining was precise . Some of the bits/wrenches have the center security hole drilled offset . In other words the center hole was not aligned so you ca n't actually use the tool on security torx screws . Good thing I bought another similar set that was more precisely machined .
 I ordered this wrench set because I needed the extended reach in an application I was working on -LRB- an electrical product -RRB- . The title described the item as a 9-piece torx security-type wrench set made by Torx . First , only the short ends of the wrenches have security torx holes . Second , I do n't believe that the product is made by Torx ; the quality of the wrench hole centering arms do not look precise . I returned the product and received refund , minus shipping cost .
 Cheap set was only 50 % functional . The short end of the `` L '' had the hole in the end , which fits the security screw feature . The long end of the `` L '' DID NOT , which was the one needed to reach the recessed screws that I was working on . I gave up on the cheap `` Made in China '' product and found a cheap `` Made in South Korea '' product that finally got the job done .
 After purchasing this for my son at x-mas time , he was so excited . He put the batteries in the radio and it wo n't even turn on . The knob was stuck and no sound or indication that the thing was even working . What a waste of $ 17.00 . I do n't even know where to send it back now that he threw away the packaging . Very disappointed .
 When I was growing up in the 80 's my father owned a product like this ... except it had holes on the side of the pole and not on the bottom . The handled were yellow . I 've search every where for it . I could not find it . I found this yard butler device on amazon . I thought ... AWESOME ! Ordered it right a way . When I received it , I thought `` hmmm ... that 's odd . They put the hole on the bottom . '' I just used it for the first few trees . This thing is a royal piece of ! @ # $ % . It clogs 100 % of the time . One would think the clog would blow out if you pulled it out of the hole and placed it on the ground . Nope . It remained clogged for 30 mins until I got something to push into the hole and clear out the dirt . I sit here in utter amazement that someone mass produced this product and bought it to market . That person own me some money back .
 I really wanted to like this product . My dad had one very much like this that he used for more than 30 years , but it had holes on the sides of the spike , and not one hole at the bottom/end like this does . The problem is that as soon as I pushed the irrigator into the ground , it got plugged up with dirt and small pebbles so no water would come out . If the holes were on the sides , this would not be a problem . I know that there are irrigators out there with the holes in the side , and I would recommend that you look for one of those models .
 we used it once down here in the south and even predrilled holes for it in the ground with a 1/2 in auger bit and one foot extension , however after just one trees worth of use the paint was worn off the tip and it was severely rusted , I uploaded the photo to the bunch at the top of the review . Seems to be cheap steel and is certainly not hard or rust resisteant NiChrome at all , I doubt if it would last a few more jobs much less a whole season in my yard unless i was prepared to scrape it down with steel wool and hit it with Rustoleum each time we used it . If you are working in soft soils then fine , but after thinking about how easily the tip clogs I would spend your money on something else like the Treegator Junior Pro 15-Gallon Slow Release Watering Bag for Trees and Shrubs which is slightly cheaper and a lot easier to use . Also keep the box it comes in , since this is a very odd size if you need to send it back you will be hard pressed to find anything else that will do , we had to frankenbox it back , but UPS takes just about anything if its prepaid ...
 The root irrigator did not work right . Every time I pushed into the dirt the irrigator would get clogged . It was not worth the trouble . Very disappointed
 There is only one hole in the bottom and it is very small . I used the product twice and now it is clogged and I can not get it to work again . I would suggest putting holes on the side as well as the very bottom opening . This is the only product I can find for the purpose needed .
 This little dude does its job , but it could certainly be better.I could not find the specs of this thing anywhere in the description , but so you know , it is 36 '' from handle to tip . You could get up to 32 '' of it into the ground , which is pretty deep . Of course , unless you have full sand or very clean and freshly dumped soil , good luck getting it that far in the ground ... The tube is 5/8 '' thick . If you hit anything hard -LRB- read
 The Yard Butler is a poorly made tree watering tool compared to Ross . With the drought and the recall on the Ross tool for its cap that pops off I did n't have much of a choice . The one hole for water at the bottom of the tool is a poor design that clogs easily , even when you put it into the ground as the directions indicate . To make it function much better I drilled holes on the side of the tube to do a quicker and more thorough job .
 This product worked just fine watering those bushes and small trees needing a good subterranean soaking . Unfortunately , after using it several times the coupling where the hose connects came apart . The poor design makes it impossible to reconnect the coupling . With the return period past , I 'll need to see if manage a new way to make this work .
 I just purchased one of these and I am amazed how poorly things are being built now . If stopping every minute to rewind the line is what you want here is your trimmer .
 I have had a Troy Bilt rototiller and been pleased with it , so I thought their weedeater would be a good purchase and I bought on today . What a big disssapointment . The bump trimer head is worthless and unreliable , and it is impossible to remove , and there are no universal heads that will fit it . Initially , the head was assembled incorrectly and would not feed line at all . When I turn the weedeagter sideways to edge my yard , it quits running because the engine ca n't get gasoline from the gas tank because of the poor design . My recommendation is do n't buy a Troy Bilt weedeater . I 'm going to take mine back .
 Do n't waste your money , line spool capacity not good , replacing line difficult . You will get about 10 minutes of work before you have to replace the line . I have use mine for the first time , 20 minutes of use , 30 minutes on line relacement -- no need to send it back -- I just gave it to my local charity
 This is a piece of Junk . This weed eater will cause you to pay for repairs . I have had 2 of them and my neighbor 's second one broke also . Ask a small engine repair man about Troybilt and watch his reaction ! The carb on the Troybilt is so temperamental and will gum up , stall or will not work at all , I have spent $ 60.00 on repairs , this weed eater is only used sparingly and my yard is not that big ! I had a Ryobi for years and never had a problem , save your money , buy a Stihl !!!!!!
 Update 5/2011 : Gave up on this unit completely and put it on the curb with the trash . Whether the trash man took it or someone else did , I can not say , but I know that I 've since moved on to a model from Hitachi and my life has been sunshine and roses ever since.Original review : I purchased this as a complement to my new home back in 2006 . It 's been a poor weed trimmer from the very beginning . As another reviewer said , it 's very finicky about orientation
 I 've gone through 3 of these . I heard they were supposed to be good so I bought one in 2009 . It broke the first day then I exchanged it and got another one . I did n't use the new one till this spring and it lasted a little longer but it also broke fairly quickly . Unfortunately I could n't exchange this one but I bought another still thinking maybe I had just been unlucky because I had always heard such good things about Troy-Bilt . The 3rd one broke one its second use . I think what happened was the gears in the head got stripped in all 3 but I 'm not positive . Either way I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 It worked well initially , but problems started as soon as the first spool of line ran out . Every time I need more line , I had to shut off the trimmer , unscrew the bump head , and manually pull out the line . Now it is n't running at all because the fuel line fell off , then after putting it back on , the fuel ran out of the carb and did n't get to the spark plug . I have been tempted on many occasions to toss this thing into the woods . I 'm very disappointed with Troy-Bilt .
 I was a little dis-satified because the package was not taped shut . I had broken nails all over the inside of the shipping box .
 I used to buy these types of hole punches because they were cheap and available pretty much everywhere . I spent a lot of money over the years buying a new one every few weeks or months because the handles would bend when I tried to punch a hole in something a little heavier than your basic light-weight belt leather . I have horses so I use leather punches for punching holes in leather tack that varies from 1/8 inch thick to 1/4 inch thick and these punches just do n't work for that , especially on a long-term scale.Truthfully , I do n't like any kind of rotary hole punch anymore . No matter the quality of the rest of the tool , the little tab that keeps the wheel from spinning when you are punching holes is always easily bent so that the punch does n't line up exactly right with the strike plate and will not cut a clean hole on the first try.Truthfully , your money would be much better spent on a set of hollow punches like these . They last longer , they work better , and they have more size options.Heavy-Duty 12-Piece Hollow Punch Set for Metal , Wood , Leather , Plastic
 I 've had a couple of hole punches in my life , this one stinks , ca n't punch a hole in anything tougher than paper -LRB- 1 sheet -RRB- .
 Do n't waste your money purchasing punch . Using an icepick to punch hole has the same result . The punch 's hole is identical and not much better than one made with an icepick .
 This product failed in normal use , the second time I used it , while punching holes in a leather belt . I have discarded it to the trash.It became unserviceable by twisting out of shape while hand pressure was applied , with an arm disengaging from the rotating drum containging the punch elements .
 Sorry ... but this does not work on leather . We have both thin and thick leather ... and it worked on neither . It is literally easier using a standard hole punch to punch through leather than with this tool .
 I ordered 3 different size Senco nails from Amazon for my finish nail gun , 1-1/2 '' , 1-3/4 '' and 2-1/2 '' all were advertized as electro galvanized . Of what I ordered only the 2-1/2 '' arrived as ordered . The 1-1/2 '' showed up bright , not galvanized . The box marked 1-3/4 '' showed up with 1-1/2 '' long bright -LRB- non-galvanized -RRB- nails inside . I will keep all the nails that were shipped even though they are less expensive bright and wrong size nails because I hate the hassle and I do n't have the time to try and make it right . I 've purchased many things from Amazon and this is the first time I 've had a problem . I will not be buying nails from Amazon again . I will pay a little more at the local big box store and get what I pay for .
 Somebody entered this product into the Amazon database incorrectly . I ordered the product and when it arrived it was the Bright Common , not Electro Galvanized . Luckily Amazon returns are very easy . However they have STILL not fixed this glaring issue in their system .
 I ordered 3 different size Senco nails from Amazon for my finish nail gun , 1-1/2 '' , 1-3/4 '' and 2-1/2 '' all were advertized as electro galvanized . Of what I ordered only the 2-1/2 '' arrived as ordered . The 1-1/2 '' showed up bright , not galvanized . The box marked 1-3/4 '' showed up with 1-1/2 '' long bright -LRB- non-galvanized -RRB- nails inside . I will keep the less expensive bright and wrong size nails because I hate the hassle and I do n't have the time to try and make it right . I 've purchased many things from Amazon and this is the first time I 've had a problem . I will not be buying nails from Amazon again . I will pay a little more at the local big box store and get what I pay for .
 does ` nt say how many nails are in the package , turns out - only 1200 , can buy a box of 5000 at menards for $ 8.00
 I ordered 3 different size Senco nails from Amazon for my finish nail gun , 1-1/2 '' , 1-3/4 '' and 2-1/2 '' all were advertized as electro galvanized . Of what I ordered only the 2-1/2 '' arrived as ordered . The 1-1/2 '' showed up bright , not galvanized . The box marked 1-3/4 '' showed up with 1-1/2 '' long bright -LRB- non-galvanized -RRB- nails inside . I will keep all the nails that were shipped even though they are less expensive bright and wrong size nails because I hate the hassle and I do n't have the time to try and make it right . I 've purchased many things from Amazon and this is the first time I 've had a problem . I will not be buying nails from Amazon again . I will pay a little more at the local big box store and get what I pay for .
 Somebody entered this product into the Amazon database incorrectly . I ordered the product and when it arrived it was the Bright Common , not Electro Galvanized . Luckily Amazon returns are very easy . However they have STILL not fixed this glaring issue in their system .
 I ordered 3 different size Senco nails from Amazon for my finish nail gun , 1-1/2 '' , 1-3/4 '' and 2-1/2 '' all were advertized as electro galvanized . Of what I ordered only the 2-1/2 '' arrived as ordered . The 1-1/2 '' showed up bright , not galvanized . The box marked 1-3/4 '' showed up with 1-1/2 '' long bright -LRB- non-galvanized -RRB- nails inside . I will keep the less expensive bright and wrong size nails because I hate the hassle and I do n't have the time to try and make it right . I 've purchased many things from Amazon and this is the first time I 've had a problem . I will not be buying nails from Amazon again . I will pay a little more at the local big box store and get what I pay for .
 Have not used the two brad sets I received yet , and may have trouble trying to use them due to poor packaging in the shipping box.The Brads are packaged in plastic press fit blister packs about the size of a candy bar . The packs were shipped in a 12 '' x 6 '' x 4 '' cardboard box with a piece of bubble wrap and no means to secure them from moving . The blister packs must have moved around considerably during shipping because both packs opened and the brad strip separated into anywhere from single brads , to strips of only a few brads , to a half strip of brads . I do n't know yet if my nailer will accept very small strips let alone single brads.The brads themselves are probably fine as a product , but Amazon gets a `` F '' for shipping . Keep this in mind when ordering small parts that can not handle shipping without being secured . Sigh ...
 The brads were random sizes in each package with the majority of the smaller sizes , two packages did n't have any 1 1/4 would not recommend purchasing this if you expected same quantities of each size .
 Reading the description I thought I was getting a pack of 1200 nails of each size . Nope , this is one pack of nails with multiple sizes . The total is 1200 not 1200 of each size . If you 're looking just stop by the HD or lowes and you 'll get better deals .
 I bought one of these after my long time John Deere -LRB- Homelight rebranded -RRB- Trimmer had finally given up the ghost.First
 This was my second gas trimmer purchased to replace the electric trimmer that wore out . In both cases they worked for the first year and quit . I trashed them both - an expensive experiment . I have replaced the gas model with a Ryobi electric `` Power head '' . This accepts standard tools and I have used the head with string trimmer , pruning saw , hedge trimmer and sidewalk edger . The 12 amp head has plenty of power for these applications . If you can stand pulling the cord arround , this is an excellect choice . My first Ryobi rand trouble free for 12 years.The Troy dealer told me Troy the warrantee excludes carburator problems because ethanol separates from gas and ruins gaskets . The warrantee is invalidated if any gas is used that is more than thirty days old .
 This weed eater is a piece of JUNK . Do not buy this PLEASE listen to the reviews that give this thing one star . Ive had the starting cord break twice on me and Troy Bilts customer service is by far the most inept and usless customer service ever . After calling the first time and telling them the cord broke , they would not take the product back even though it was under warranty . They told me to take it to an authorized repair shop . This turned out to be a fiasco in itself because not a single authorized repair shop would work on it because in thier words `` troy bilt is too hard to work on '' so I went about reparing it myself . Well i found out real fast why the repair shops wouldnt work on it . Its not worth their time . It took over 2 days to finally get the cord reparied . When I went to use it again , the cord snapped in two once more . Its in my dumpster , DO NOT BUY THIS EVER !!! Oh and I must mention the first time the cord broke I had only used the weed eater 3 times up to that point !!! Please listen people . PIECE OF JUNK !!!!
 I put a one star only because they did n't have neg . stars . This is nothing but junk does not run well , never starts . Quits all the time when using it . Stay away from this and save your time , mowing and trimming instead of pulling to start , fixing and stessing on why you bought this __________ piece of garbage
 This is a true marvel of poor engineering.-It is very hard to start -- right out of the box with new fuel-The string dispenses continuously , going through about a foot in two minutes-Putting new string on is a true task in futility-there is nothing to hold it to the spool so it wo n't stay in place in order to wind on more-The straight string , which is one reason I bought this , is gone in about 2 minutes-because of the design , the reel string will curve up around the head -- even if it is trimmed very short , the `` autodispensing feature '' soon has several inches out , and it immediately twists up around the shaftI did buy this because of the brand reputation -- wo n't ever buy another of their products.-and oh , the safety guard does not align correctly with the plane of the head -- so if you have the guard parallel to the ground , the head throws waste/rocks/stuff up towards you at about 15 degrees ... and if you align the head parallel with the ground , the guard is ineffective and the rocks head right for your ankles -- even wearing long jeans , the rocks hit hard enought to cut skin through the denim .
 The product did not come when stated . Only after my requesting info did I recieve an update as to delivery date status . I finally recieved it a week later .
 I thought it was a decent trimmer until I went to start it up the other day . It has completely stopped working after only a handful of uses . I feel conned . I ca n't believe that it did n't even last one year . I would NEVER recommend this product . It 's a cheap piece of garbage . My dad bought one last year , and his is doing the same thing . Troy Bilt should be ashamed !
 I bought a Troy Built weed eater last summer . It is total junk . You spend more time fixing the line than actual weed eating . I would go 15 yards and the line would be gone and you 'd have to take the head off and redo the line . The cap is very hard to remove . Plan on weed eating for 5 minutes and 20 minutes getting the head off and getting the line redone . Customer service is as bad as it gets . Mine had an electric starter to use when you did n't want to pull the cord . It died the 1st summer . I will never buy any Troy Built products again . I am going to give mine away and get a Stihl .
 Two weeks ago I received this string trimmer . I ran it for about 1/2 hour and put it away . Tried to start it a week later and could not get it started . Pulled on the cord for 20 minutes . I took it to a local small engine repair guy and paid him $ 20 to check it out . Turns out the coil crapped out after that first 1/2 hour of use . We disassembled the unit and dug out the coil . Someone had marked the coil with a sharpee
 After about 4 hours of use , one of the clutch dogs broke in half , -LRB- bad casting -RRB- , so I called Troy-built and was told they would not send a new clutch , and I had to take the trimmer to an authorized repair shop which was Eagle River Small Engine Repair in Eagle River , Alaska . Eagle River is about 200 miles from where I live . I took the trimmer to the repair shop , and the owner , John , told me he did not work on trimmers and refused to even look at it . I called the Troy-Bilt customer service line again , and Al , the idiot I spoke to told me I needed to make an appointment with a shop in Wasilla , AK that is not an authorized repair shop.I would recommend buying any other brand than Troy-Bilt , because they do not honor their warranty . In fact , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON ANYTHING TROY-BILT makes . Their products are garbage .
 Do n't buy these !! They are not packaged well and broke into 2,000 pieces during shipping and are n't usable . Buy the Porter Cable brand , they have a piece of paper in the packaging that prevent the pins from rattling around and breaking apart . I thought it would be nice to have a variety pack for sizes I do n't use often , but they are in such small pieces I ca n't see the arrows to know which way to put them in the gun . For the price you would thik they could do a better job with packaging .
 The 23 gauge pins were broken into so many pieces that they were unusable . Over priced even for Amazon . Will not buy nails of any brand from Amazon again !!
 I should have done more research . This product was way over priced . It all most cost as much as the gun to use it in .
 Go to your local big box store and buy these brads -LRB- a lot -RRB- cheaper , plus have a better choice of the lengths needed
 Description of product was incorrect . The description contained more brads than was actually sent . Will request a return .
 Save yourself the headache
 I purchased this for light duty use after my previous model -LRB- NOT Hitachi -RRB- finally gave up after more than 20 years of use.I was able to blow up 4 tires to 40lbs once . The next time I went to use it , It ran for a few seconds and then started to smell of burning plastics . It appears the stator burned out.So far Hitachi has not responded , and a little research shows the stator is a $ 135 part -LRB- I paid $ 99 for the compressor -RRB- . So I have a large paperweight.I 've purchased several Hitachi tools , some are quite good . But there 's lots of good brands out there , and if Hitachi -LRB- or Amazon -RRB- wo n't stand behind a clearly defective product , they wo n't be seeing any more of my money.It 's sad that the concept of customer service has little meaning , and making excuses is the order of the day.I am thoroughly disappointed with this purchase .
 The unit arrived yesterday . When I unpacked it I plugged it in and it started up normally . Then I noticed the entire control unit including guages and tubing were shaking and that whole unit was loose . Also the face of one of the guages was bent and broken and the safety air bleed valve was broken off so I needed a pliers to bleed of the air . The shipping box was undamaged so I 'm sure it was shipped from the factory in this condition . Needless to say I am sending the unit back for a refund . Its too bad since I own some other Hitachi tools and they have been great .
 I got this set for a specific project that needed the bearing out at the end of the bit to move against a pattern . Had n't used it more then 3 minutes and the set screw that holds the bearing in place unscrewed and let the bearing go flying and my router bit no longer could track to the pattern and severely gouged my work piece.Amazingly I found the bearing and the set screw and put all the parts back in the bag and returned it . They should at least come tight from the factory !
 There 's not alot to say . The heads twist off these screwswhen you `` attempt '' to tighten them . They are NOT a true # 2 size.I tried to use these where I usualy use a # 2 screw from FENDER for mounting vintage guitar tuners . In 25 years of building guitars -LRB- 20 at fender -RRB- I have NEVER twisted a tuner screw 's head off . They always strip the philips first , & there about .025 '' thicker than these screws . Do n't waste youe money , these are awfull .
 I am an HVAC contractor and check condenser charges multipe times a day . My 971 is off by 4.7 degrees on dry bulb and I now question if the wet bulb reading is correct . I have owned this meter for less that 2 years and I am displeased that it has gotten out of calibration or the capacitance sensor is out all ready . I sent Fluke an email asking what the cost of repair is , have not gotten a reply yet . I must buy another for my business and can not wait for the time span of repair . I am looking at an Extech RH350 . I thought fluke was more dependable and reliable , but i was wrong .
 i am a hvac contractor.i bought this a year or so ago through a wholesale hvac shop . i started having doubts about it bcs i use several fluke 50/2s and a 922 all at the same time and the 971 is always off by five or more degrees . i only use it for wb but like the other reviewer im not sure its correct as the temp is way off when all meters are compared at the same location . i usually get them all normalized for 15 minutes or so in the same place to get them on the same plane . i even compaired them all with the k couple on my digital manifold -LRB- mastercool -RRB- and all jive but the 971 ? if this was a cheap meter i would say `` man i wished i had bought a fluke '' . guess again ...
 Beware buying Fluke products . If you have a part malfunction they will ignore you . They have zero customer service basically just automated email responses that tell you that they have no interest in helping you.I REFUSE TO EVER PURCHASE ANOTHER FLUKE PRODUCT !!!
 This electronic gage has a slower response time to temperature changes than a $ 3 hardware store thermometer . Test Equipment Depot was excellent to deal with , shipped me a second unit , it was unsatisfactory too . T.E.D. refunded my funds in short order .
 Owned this product for two years . Have regretted buying it every time I have to change the filter . It is supposed to go under the sink where access is already restricted , so one would think filter replacement should have been thought through by whoever engineered it and made an easy process . Not so . Plastic screw-in filter holder requires using additional hex driver -LRB- included -RRB- , a pair of pliers , good arm muscles , and a stream of expletives helping it along . You have to use BOTH hands and still it is extremely difficult . I always have to put some grease on the threads , or the next time it would never come off . One day I 'd find something better and gladly throw it out .
 Very well packed , but two out of four bulbs were broken . Glass was intact but you could shake them and hear they were bad . Sure enough they did n't work . You take your chances . Your mileage may vary . Have bought a number of bulbs online , and this is the first time it did n't work out .
 At first glance this seems to be a sturdy stand with a simple but rugged design , and it almost is . The nuts that the wing nuts use to secure the extensions fell off before I even got it to the jobsite , maybe I had a defective one , but they are just rivnuts and not very sturdy . I used C-clamps instead for awhile but on longer heavier boards the extensions are really wobbly this way . Also the plastic end caps that go into the round support tubes have mostly all fallen out . If you can weld on the nuts like they should have been in the first place this item makes a sturdy , inexpensive but heavy stand .
 this drill bit sharpener is a piece of junk , they all are.i should have returned it but to late now .
 It 's pretty , but not glass , it 's plastic . Easy for my husband to install and looks nice , but not as described .
 If you order this you will receive 5 small suction cups , it was n't a mistake there is something wrong with this item and the item number , because what I received had the right item number on it , also after you order it , the picture that appears in `` your account '' `` my orders '' is a picture of 5 small suction cups . And its difficult to return , if you try to do it online it just sends you on a never ending loop , had to contact Amazon 's customer support , you 've been warned
 While it does look nice enough , the Metal is so thin that the Garbage Disposal Shakes it violently at times when it 's in use . It flexes a great deal when the Large Kitchen faucet is moved , and vibrates quite a bit . I am going to have to pull it , and try to reinforce the whole body , and then reinstall it once again . If I had known now , what I did n't know then , I would have paid for a much higher quality Sink . Never buy a Pig in a Poke , your going to get poked every time .
 The Raintain Traveling Sprinkler worked great when I received it in early June . I used it a couple of times a week off and on throughout the summer , but last week it stopped working . It lasted about three months before the gears stripped out . Not a very good lifespan for the money I paid for it . Will I buy another ? No . I guess I 'll go back to moving my sprinkler or paying more for something that will actually last longer than 3 months . I loved how I could make it cover such large expanses of the yard by simply directing the hose where I need the sprinkler to do its work .
 I remember my dad using a sprinkler like this when I was a kid -LRB- I 'm 61 -RRB- . We are in the middle of a drought here in Texas and I was tired of having to move the sprinkler and thought this would solve my problem . First of all , this is a VERY heavy sprinkler and is awkward to pick up and move . If you have any trouble lifting heavy objects , get something else . It has to be moved . You ca n't drag it and you ca n't turn it around and make it go the other direction . I have found I have to check on it as often , if not more often , than I was moving my oscillating sprinkler . First , it jumped off the hose/track and was climbing the fence . Then , it kinked the hose and cut off the water . Finally , it dug itself a hole and had mud all over the back wheels . Tried it another time and it just stopped spraying water . No kink this time , checked the button on the bottom , could n't get it going again . I went back to my oscillating sprinkler . At least it 's easy to move around . I think you need to use this on a very flat , very straight lawn . Mine is bumpy and I need it to make a couple of gentle curves . It did n't work for me . I like the spray it puts out and would use it as a stationery sprinkler if it were n't so heavy to move .
 I purchased this unit and payed the hefty one day expidite fee . When it arrived I was very excited until I opened the box and discovered the threaded coupling that holds the sprinkler arm on was missing . I called Nelson as instructed by the insert in the box and they told me it would take 2 weeks to get the part . I asked for a supervisor hoping she 'd understand that I paid extra and needed this quickly . With NO apologies or sympathies offered for costing me extra or for the inconvience , she cooly said 2 weeks was the best they could do because they were so backed up . I guess with that type of business , losing one customer like me does n't matter to them , so beware if you need replacment parts or your order arrives with missing parts!I am upset and disappointed with Nelson !
 Have had this product for only a month and have used it four times . I use it only on a flat surface and in a straight line from one side of my back yard to the other side . If I read the information provided with the product correctly , it has a high setting that is supposed to move at ~ 40 ' per hour and a low that is supposed to move at ~ 20 ' per hour . The first time I used it , it seemed to work fine but then it slowed down dramatically on the second use and is now very slow . On the high setting it now takes the unit I purchased ~ 7 hours to go 75 ' -LRB- ~ 11 feet per hour -RRB- . During the last use I heard a clicking sound from the unit as it moves -LRB- barely -RRB- . I do not recall if it made this same sound the first three times I used it , but I believe there is a problem . I have neighbors that have this unit and have had no problems , so I believe it is just a defective unit . I will contact Nelson to return and replace it .
 Planned obsolescence is bad for the environment , and the consumer . I own a version of this item from the early 1980s , all-metal construction -LRB- including the transmission -RRB- . It 's still going strong after 30 years.This year , I needed a second unit due to a larger garden . I was dismayed to discover that Nelson at some point decided to replace the sturdy metal transmission with plastic . Why on earth would a company deliberately make a product worse?Most businesses strive to improve their products . Nelson seems to have become the king of plastic - which in the demanding arena of sprinkler applications is a recipe for disaster.Absent any official reason for the change , one can only assume that the company is more interested in selling parts , and replacements , than keeping landfills free from unnecessary waste and building a reputation for durable , environmentally friendly , long-lasting products.If the cost to manufacture a metal transmission increases the retail price by $ 40 , I 'm sure many would be happy to have that option and would pay the extra price . As it is , this will be my last Nelson purchase . I 've been burned by their liberal use of plastic before on other less expensive sprinklers , but I assumed that the Rain Train was still a top quality item , like it used to be . Only after I opened the box did I discover the truth - that they managed to go plastic on there too . It 's really sad to see a business lose sight of what it means to be the best .
 I have had Nelson raintrain sprinklers for years , and in the past I had nothing but good things to say , but now that the new Bosch company has taken over I will NEVER buy anything from them again . The last time I had to buy a transmission for my tractor , it was 2008 , and it cost $ 13.00 . I just ordered a transmission last month , and in 3 weeks it has already broke , so I called them like I had in the past when I had a problem with a replacement part , in a nutshell , I was treated terribly , told I was out of luck that I would have to purchase another transmission . ITS ONLY BEEN 3 TO 4 WEEKS !! They are terrible !!! On top of that it cost me $ 24.00 and $ 9.00 in shipping . NEVER AGAIN !!! If you are from the BOSCH company you should be ashamed of yourself . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! It is cheap china junk now .
 I got tired of how many times this jumped the track . I believe the gears are plastic , as well , it stopped progressing along the hose . I never abused my tractor sprinkler , always putting it away -LRB- fearing theft -RRB- . I ultimately bought a national walking sprinkler and added the brass arms so i would be done replacing this expensive item for once and for all . -LSB- ... -RSB- That item is expensive and heavy but is all metal and does a great job .
 not operating as it should . I 've had it on a shorter hose than allowed , yet , the tractor just stops in the middle of the yard , and I 've had 2 months of very water bills , because , I guess , I thought I 'd leave it alone at night , and it would stop by itself ... wrong ... had a John Deere one , twice as much , but 3 times better ... I should have kept it , instead of going for the cheapo : -LRB-
 My family had one of these for 20 years and it was awesome . I had to send mine back to Amazon after 2 weeks because the gears are now made of plastic and stripped out.The concept is great , but it just does n't work with the cheaper materials.Also the older ones shut off with an in-line valve on the hose that the tractor ran into . This new ramp system with the button on the bottom of the tractor does n't work . The tractor would hit the button like 80 % slowing the flow enough so the spinner would stop spinning . This stopped the tractor , meaning it just sprayed the same exact patch of grass until you noticed it.Sad.Amazon gets 5 stars though for taking it back and paying return shipping on a freaking 20 pound hunk of junk .
 The tractor seemed easy enough to use . It worked great for about a week . Then all of the sudden it quit moving forward and would just make a clicking noise . Now it 's worthless and I have to pay to replace parts that have evidently broken or gone bad after just a weeks use . At this point I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I sent mine back on the second day ... It pulled less than 70 ft -LRB- in 2 seperate pulls -RRB- then the gear box started skipping . $ 8 to ship it back to the Peoria IL repair center . Repiars were quicker than the 4 to 6 weeks stated in the returns paperwork . When I called the repair center in the second week they said `` Hold onto your receipt '' . The warranty period is two -LRB- 2 -RRB- years . I 'm guessing I 'll need it again .
 This sprinkler worked great for the first two months , watering large areas of the yard a traveling along the hose as I had hoped , only occasionally jumping the ramp where I placed it . On one occasion , it jumped the ramp and ran until it hit the fence . When a couple of the interior plastic gears stripped out , it was a very quick decline when the remaining plastic gears stripped out and it became a stationary sprinkler . Now , it 's useless and in the garbage . Design would be drastically improved with metal gears .
 I bought this Nelson Raintrain after borrowing a neighbor 's for several months . I thought I knew it would work for my lawn , since my neighbor 's sprinkler worked for my lawn . I was wrong . There are apparently several design changes , but most importantly , this one will not stay on its track the way the neighbor 's does . If I walk away for 15 minutes , I come back to find it happily digging holes a few feet away from the hose track . The only way I would recommend buying this sprinkler is if you can go back in time and buy one when my neighbors did .
 I was VERY disappointed with the Nelson 1865 Raintrain . Every one I know that has one of these has nothing but good things to say about them . For myself , the second time I used it I noticed it was clicking and it would go forward and then fall backward . It was literally taking 2 steps forward and 1 step back . Hopefully this was just the one bad one of the lot . I do apprciate amazon.com having an easy to execute exchange policy . I am just hoping I will get my $ 17.80 back for shipping this product back to them . If not , I wo n't be back . If yes , I will be back .
 was so excited about this product that I ordered 3 . Within a month on one and 3 months on another the gears stripped and would not move &#34; walk &#34; again . Very disappointed at the gears were plastic and not very good plastic at that ! Would not recommend this to anyone !
 I have used these sprinklers for quite a few years but have struggled with removing the axle caps for the last time to change out the housing . The screw drive seems to be very inferior to what they once were . If you miss catching the sprinkler when it does n't make a curve and it runs against an obstacle it is mostly shot.Too bad Nelson do n't make the gears as solid as the body itself . Might cost more but would be worth it . I am going to buy the all metal traveling sprinkler next .
 I have owned the Nelson Raintrain for two seasons . With just a little experimentation I was able to get the tractor to navigate nearly all the turns in my lawn . I learned that I could attach an unlimited amount of hose to reach the ends of our property as long as I periodically pulled hose to prevent the trailing length from becoming too heavy . No constant moving a sprinkler from one spot to another and it had the good sense to shut off automatically when it was finished . It 's now in the landfill.It partially broke just when I had it mastered and was fully enjoying the benefits of a traveling sprinkler . The first thing to go was the auto shutoff . The tractor would run up the ramp and not shut off but would normally stall or topple over . This created a pond and if the wheels were still turning , torn sod.Eventually the gear stripped and it would no longer turn the wheels . I 'm sure this was hastened by the times it did n't shut off and stalled out while digging in the sod.The principal is great as are the promised benefits . Fortunately , there are better made alternatives . For about a hundred dollars more you can get a National Walking Sprinkler model that has steel gears and has been around since the thirties - made in Nebraska I believe . Amazon sells their model B3 or they have a web site . You wo n't regret the additional investment . As it does not have auto shutoff , you may want to add a timer .
 A traveling sprinkler made in the USA -LRB- National Walking Sprinkler , Omaha , NE -RRB- costs more , but is 10-times better.We 've owned two of these Nelson devices . They work pretty well when new , but the plastic gears soon deteriorate and then these 18-pound beauties are absolutely useless . Do n't know if they can go in the recycle bin.There are a lot of reviews complaining about the gear problem . Take them seriously.The manufacturer could easily remedy this problem , but they have not.It 's an expensive contraption , but , as another reviewer said , its best use may be as a boat anchor.Caveat emptor .
 Buy a Nelson Rain Train with caution , or not at all . I owned 2 Nelson Rain Trains and had to repair both several times for the same reason , failure of the penultimate drive gear . The plastic drive gear is turned through a series of reduction gears going to a worm gear on the spray arm and if the wheels are stalled on an obstruction , the spray arm continues to spin , shearing off each of the gear teeth one after the other until the unit completely fails.It is a simple task to open the gear case to remove and replace the failed gear . Unfortunately L.R. Nelson Company refuses to sell the gear . They will only sell the complete transmission assembly . Consequently , a simple repair , including shipping , costs more than half the price of a new sprinkler . I did that twice and when they failed a third time , like others here , I converted mine to boat anchors.There is an alternative , but you have to look for it . The National Walking Sprinkler is the real thing , built in the USA and built to last . Sometimes they are sold here on AmazonWalking Sprinkler - Cast Ironbut you can get a better price if you buy from the factory .
 THe thing worked only a short time per attempt before it went off the track or the sprinkler arms blew off from the water pressure . Ca n't turn up the water pressure above half on without a `` blow out '' occuring . Got tired of fooling with the darn thing and sold it on e-bay . I lost a little money but at least the old-fashined oscillating sprinker worked and worked very well . I would not recommend this sprinkler to anyone .
 The throughput is too low . I have a metered water timer . When I set the time to 2 hours using a oscillating or pulsating sprinkler , it takes 2 hours . With this Rain Train set to 2 hours it takes 4 1/2 hours to apply the same amount of water . It takes twice as long to water the same amount of grass . The other problem I 've noticed is that yellow stopper device that turns off the rain train does n't work . The tractor sits too deep in the grass and catches the bottom side of the stopper . I have not been able to get this thing to stop yet . The tractor turns well until it is dragging a lot of hose behind it , then it tends to go off track -LRB- hose -RRB- more easily.Where I have found good use for this sprinkler is my side and front yard . For small areas , the rain train is ideal . You can set the sprinkler to water an area as small as 15 ft and up to 55 ft. Of course , the bigger the area , the less water that gets applied per application .
 I sent an inquiry a few days ago to the company , and have not received a response . I bought a Raintrain from Do It Best in Champaign . It worked for a week , then ran over the stop block and stopped at a rock and kept running . Now it will barely move , and there is a clicking sound when it attempts to move . I assume a nylon gear was stripped when the stop ramp did not work . I want a replacement . I 'm waiting for their response after a second inquiry today .
 I got a Nelson Raintrain to water irregular lawn areas . It looks great at first , shiny yellow body of massive heft , but things get much more problematic when you actually use it over time.THE GOOD -- The unit worked well for three months when it travelled over densely thatched lawn with no blemishes or irregularities . Then there is the real world of real lawns . Here 's what I found.THE BAD -- If the lawn has a gap 2-3 inches or more between solid grass , one wheel would dig down and spin , digging deeper and deeper . The unit would stop , and occasionally tip over . The manual said such a scenario is likely to strip the gears , but mine did not . You must exercise extreme caution using the Nelson Raintrain with newly sodded ground , as gaps in the sod will cause this problem.You can not use it on newly seeded lawns , as it will dig into the mud for reasons described just above.Past about 60 feet the hose becomes too heavy to drag , so the unit occasionally stops and more likely tips it over if there 's much of any turn.If there is a sharp turn with radius less than about 5 feet , the unit sometimes jumps the hose and heads off on its own , stalling somewhere.The amount of water delivered has only two settings , high and low speed , whereas the average user may need more variation and control.The overall amount of water deposited may be too light . The streams of water rather thin , so the reviewer who said the total accumulation for both travel speeds was inch was likely correct . I want to touch up after a light rain and soak it when I have new sod.Very occasionally one of the sprinkler arms would be thrown off.You can not use a timer with this unit more than once , as you must reposition the travelling unit before each run . If you need to go away for a few days , this defect can be critical . I must take two trips this Summer and water $ 800 of new sod , so I just bought a bunch of new watering equipment from Amazon.You can not adjust the sprinkler heads , which are fixed , from a stream to a mist . They really deliver more of a stream than a spray . The pattern they deliver is not even , but when it travels it will be except at the beginning and end of the run.Often they break . If the reviews here at Amazon are any guide , likely over time they break , but not usually in the first few months . Mine simply stopped spraying water after three months . When I determined the water passages outside the gearbox were clear , I read the Amazon reviews and threw the unit out . I would have spent a couple hours repairing it the first time ; it would likely have broken again ; I am leaving on a trip before replacement parts could be in place ; and I ca n't use this unit with timers in any case for trips.The massive metal body is a wonder to behold but the entire rest of the unit is lightweight aluminum and plastic . I found myself taking great care putting the unit down in my shed , afraid I might bump and bend the lightweight aluminum sprinkler arms.For all the reasons above , you must keep an eye on this unit every half hour or so or you are taking a chance.In summary , the Nelson Raintrain is a neat idea for watering irregular lawn areas but too mechanically complex for the task . It has enough design flaws that they would likely not be corrected even if the mechanisms were more sturdy . Instead I 'd recommend an alternative strategy with more reliability and the same or less cost.THE ALTERNATIVES -- To water my irregular areas I am switching to more standard sprinklers daisy chained together with short hoses . I can leave these fixed and use timers . The highly rated products on Amazon I plan to get are : * Nelson Adjustable Pattern Control Gear Drive Sprinkler with Flow Control on Rezimar Wheel Base # 50250 , likely the best sprinkler but it does not have a built-in inlet and outlet , so I 'll put it as the last one in my daisy chain . * Nelson 50230 - Whirling Vane Sprinkler , has inlet and outlet built-in * Nelson oscillating sprinklers * Nelson Triple SprayAnd for the timer I 'm getting * Orbit 62001 Lawn & Garden Hose Digital Watering Timer And Valve '' Tools & Hardware
 i specifically bought this sprinkler because the description above clearly stated that it was made in the USA . however , the sprinkler that arrived was made in CHINA , not the USA.thanks a lot , nelson , for betraying your customers and your American employees .
 Ordered a month ago . Received with a part missing . Returned unit and still waiting for a replacement . No money no product . Still waiting for a response to email . The vendor seems to have a good bit of negative feedbackthat should have cautioned me . When these sort of things happen , I without business -LRB- Amazon -RRB- until the matter is resolved .
 I bought this item because of its reputation . At first I was very pleased with the item , it was making laps around the yard , and seemed to be doing great . So one night I drug my hose around , and made my nice track , and put the shutoff about 15 ft from the end of the hose . Well , I got up the next morning , and it was still going . It had come off the track , and had run into the flowerbed . Needless to say it was stuck . Just so you know I was using a 5/8 '' heavy duty hose , so I really would n't think it would jump off track . Now the gears are stripped and I had to order a new motor from Nelson . Cost me $ 23 for a new motor . Oh and did I mention this was only 2 weeks after I purchased the product . I love the product , and the concept just hate the plastic gears !
 Note that the positive reviews for the Nelson Rain Train are generally 9 or 10 years old . Some newer reviews complain about the low durability and the plastic gears that fail after less -- often far less -- than 2 seasons of use . This implies to me that sturdy internal gears made of metal were replaced with flimsy ones made of nylon around 10 - 12 years ago.I have two of the newer units -LRB- the only kind available in recent years -RRB- , and they routinely stop functioning after around a season of use . This is despite the fact that I live in northwest Oregon , where the watering season is short . The innards -LRB- transmissions -RRB- are available from Nelson , but are very annoying to replace because of the way the wheels are attached
 I own three LR Nelson Traveling Sprinklers ! Two speed and a neutral positions . Says that it drags 200 ' foot of hose!The traveling sprinkler is a great concept . However , `` They just do n't make 'em like the used to . `` The gear box has failed in all three within a seasons time . Just be prepared to buy a new one every 2 months and ` Happy Watering ! '
 I have a 1/2 acre lawn , and most is on a gentle slope.If I try to go sideways , it fell over EASILY -LRB- top heavy/too narrow -RRB- ! Even when I go up/down , it falls over at the slightest bare spot!It also commonly does not shutoff when it gets to the ramp - goes a ways & falls over.The stuck sprinkler arms often dig a large hole , when it falls over ! ~ ~ ~ I finally gave up & had a Rainbird buried system professionally installed-I have to replace 3/4 broken Rainbird heads a year -LRB- usually discovered after I see large dead spots ! -RRB- ! The Rainbird heads `` supposedly '' have a 5-year warranty , but the `` only '' local authorized dealer balks at replacing them -LRB- I show him the installation receipt too ! -RRB- . Catch22 ! - If I TRY & complain to Rainbird , the refer me back flaky dealer!It is now a mix of Rainbird/Hunter heads.I have only had the new Hunter heads section a year , and I hope they last longer/more dependable !? The Rainbird heads cover MUCH better though , and hope their new model replacement heads last better -LRB- no new ones bad in 2-years ? -RRB- ? I wish I could offer you a more viable solution !?
 1 is way too many stars for this product . The main unit is cast metal and weighs perhaps 20 # . The gears are light weight plastic and have a life expectancy of about 50 hours . That comes to $ 1 per hour cost of operation . Of course , there is no warranty . I understand they used to have metal gears and would last a lifetime . But alas , now they are made in China -LRB- in spite of what the catalog sheet says -RRB- and are junk . I would n't bother to try to use it , if someone gave me one - much less buy it !
 I tried to use this on my brand new lawn which was seeded -LRB- i.e. , not sodded -RRB- . This was a bad idea and did not work . As soon as the ground beneath the Rain Train was damp , the front wheels started to sink into the ground . Before long , it stopped moving forward and the front wheels were completely sunk in.Because this thing is pretty heavy and the front wheels are very narrow , I can not imagine this being usable for new seed-based lawns . Maybe it would work fine with sod.I will clean the mud off and store it in my garage until I have grass and try again and update my rating -LRB- probably next spring -RRB- . Back to pulsating rotary sprinklers ! I 'm trying my luck with this one : Gilmour Extra Large Coverage Sprinkler # 999ZS
 I received my sprinklers on time but they both broke with in 3 days . They ran off the side of the shutoff pad and stripped gears . Will send them back to factory soon . This makes 4 and 5 of this type of sprinkler I have purchased over the past 21 years and have had great sucess with them on the past , did not have plastic gears in the motor . Very dissatisfied .
 None of the descriptions of this product mentioned that it does n't work on new lawns - just the instructions after I bought it - it gets boggged down in the wet dirt and runs off the hose easily - I will try again once I establish the grass but so far I am disappointed .
 I have owned one of these for about 20 years and it finally just wore out . I always loved the design and found it very practical for the shape of my lawn . So I bought a new one , but have been very disappointed . Every once in a while the tractor jumps off the hose , which is understandable . However , if it runs into something solid -LRB- like a tree or the house -RRB- and the back wheels ca n't turn very well , the teeth on the main nylon gear strip off and the tractor wo n't move anymore . You can buy a new plastic motor from Nelson but it gets to be frustrating and expensive . It has happened three times now , simply because the tractor drove off the hose . I have done an autopsy on the motor and it looks to me like the main drive gear is poorly constructed . The teeth on the main gear appear to be peeled off , like they were poorly attached to the hub . I would not buy this product again unless they address the gear issue . I am really disappointed because I really like the overall design but would like it to be more reliable .
 i set up the product as per instructions . Turned on the water , and let is start running ... within 10 feet and 10 minutes in quite running , When I checked it out , after a hour or so of internet research , found that it had stripped the gears in it that were made in CHINA ... . EXTREAMLY POOR QUALITY ...
 I bought this because of all the good reviews here on Amazon . It worked great for 1 week . Then it started leaking a huge amount of water out the bottom and did n't have enough pressure coming out the sprayer to keep it going.I took it apart to try and find the problem . I was surprised that only the front body of the sprinkler is metal . The entire rear assembly , including the housing , wheels , gears , and all internal parts are made from cheap plastic . The molded housing that connects the water from the hose coupling -LRB- on the outside -RRB- to the sprayer -LRB- on the inside -RRB- had cracked and split , allowing the water to leak out inside the sprinkler.It was apparent from the damage that the housing had cracked from some force on the hose coupling . I have been very gentle with this sprinkler , and not abused it , or torqued it by the hose . Most likely it was from the force of dragging the 100 ' hose around , which is what it 's supposed to do .
 We 've had a Nelson Rain Train for years . Each one lasted for years . We are on our third one . The others worked like a charm . The front wheels were heavy metal as were all working parts . Now we have purchased a real pain . It 's hard to believe they could cheapen it so badly . We never know whether it is on or off since it will turn itself off for a blade of grass . It does n't stay on track so we never know where it might have transported itself . We ca n't leave it alone for a minute . Now , after reading some reviews , we understand it might strip its gears at any point . Should have read the reviews before we bought but thought we were getting the previous quality .
 My sprinkler was purchased from Amazo.comThis is my third Walking Sprinkler . The last two I had were Nelson and I wore them out.The new model is different in many ways . IIt has a `` motor '' that drive the sprinkler , both other ones hadstops on each wheel that drove them . They also had metal , not plastic drive and guide wheels . These plastic wheel are the problem . The sprinkler is not heavy enough too stay on track . It will jump the hose , even on a straight run , and go off track.Having known this I would not have purchased this item . Another brand would be better , I 'm sure.GDYURK
 Theory is great ... practicality and reality are not ! I built a new house so my yard has been tilled and I planted new seed . The problem that I experienced is the raintrain gets STUCK . What happens is the raintrain waters in a circular pattern but when it travels to where it has already watered it gets stuck . It looks like they would have designed it to only water behind the raintrain . It may work better on an already established lawn but I do not recommend this product if you are wanting to water a new lawn .
 i 'd have given it 0 stars if i could . the gears are made out of plastic , and are prone to stripping if the tractor is not used in optimal conditions . i broke mine 3 times -LRB- returned each time -RRB- when it would get stuck in the mud , against a small rock or something similar . when used in optimal conditions , this item works , but i 'd recommend getting a rittenhouse instead
 I have just purchased my second Nelson Traveling Tractor . The first broke after about two years . It was a great labor saving product for getting water to the entire front yard without constantly moving the sprinkler . But now , the second is broke after only two months . The plastic materials are not designed to sustain a very long life . The sprinkler obviously has some cheap plastic parts . Do not spend a lot of money for this product .
 I have had this sprinkler for 2 years or so . I find it agravating as heck . I can not leave if it is on . The ground needs to be flat and hard for it to traverse , or it will sink in soft , or muddy dirt , or just get stuck . The sprinkling effect only covers the outer radius of a circle , rather than the whole area of said circle . I am looking for a better unit . 1-star is the lowest they had to choose from .
 I bought this sprinkler to deal with a newly seeded lawn that I needed to water daily . I liked the idea that this sprinkler can move through a relatively large area unattended . I dislike this sprinkler because it `` jumps '' the hose regularly -LRB- even though it is laid straight , nothing in the way -RRB- , it 's gears on high-gear stripped after half a season and finally it 's just slow to cover the area it is trying to cover - my old sprinkler -LRB- back and forth fan style -RRB- put just as much water down in less time so even though I would have had to move it a few times - at least I could water the lawn in an evening . I have n't dumped it -LRB- yet -RRB- - but it 's not worth the money ...
 water motor broken after only -LRB- 1 -RRB- year of use.very disappointed and ca n't find mfg. site to order replacement part
 Had to replace a very durable old Thompson traveling sprinkler after it got under the wheels of our car . Selected this Nelson sprinkler after reading unfavorable reviews of the durability of some other traveling sprinklers . I got about ten hours ' use out of it before it self destructed . It stalled over its stopping ramp pulling only about 15 feet of 5/8 '' hose . I found it running there , making snapping noises , with transmission gears stripped . Critiquing it from my engineering background , it has two major flaws that led to self destruction . The stopping ramp is inadequately designed for stability on freshly mown St. Augustine grass turf , and the transmission gears are made of a plastic that is obviously not strong enough to provide any reasonable job survivability margin . Wording in the user manual which you do n't get to read until after you 've bought the sprinkler , indicates that Nelson engineers and management are fully aware of the overly fragile nature of the transmission in this sprinkler . Bear in mind that our Thompson traversed this lawn for years with no problem . Another shortcoming of this sprinkler is that it does n't lay down enough water for a once weekly watering schedule in brutal southwestern summer weather . The old Thompson had that same flaw , which I remedied by enlarging the end orifices on its sprinkler arms.Fortunately the ruined Nelson transmission is under warranty , but I had to pay the shipping expense to return it to their repair shop . After the warranty expires , transmissions are available for about $ 14 a pop , plus shipping , but who needs the burden of a product that is n't sturdy enough to outlast its warranty?R Blankenship
 I recently purchased my second `` Raintrain '' sprinkler and sadly , it 's already kaput . My first one lasted over 8 years . While the metal body is designed to last forever , the important parts of this sprinkler are now made of plastic . After only a few short weeks , my new sprinkler 's gears are already stripped and it does n't move . It only sits there clicking . click ... click ... click ... Save your money . It takes a serious sprinkler to be worth $ 60 . This one no longer cuts the mustard .
 Bought this product after owning another for 10 years with no issues until it finally stopped working . The new one is obviously not made from the same materials as they used to be . The new one worked 3 times and then stopped traveling , the arms spin but it will not move.After contacting Nelson regarding this product I was told I needed to send back the gearbox to them so they can fix or replace it . The person I spoke to was lackluster at best.I bought a product expecting it to work , I did not buy a product to have to take it apart and change parts that may or may not work ... Do n't think I 'll be buying any Nelson or Gilmour products again ...
 The sprinkler worked good for three days . After calling customer service at Nelson , I was told the motor needed to be replaced . As the hubs are a pain in the butt to get off the wheels to get to the motor , I have n't sent off the part yet . Not pleased with it only working for three days . Will be ticked if they do n't pay postage .
 I bought this sprinkler in 2008 to water an acre or more of grass , only to have it ` derail ' and get stuck - subsequently stripping the cheap plastic gears . So , I replaced it and last I knew , at the end of the season it worked fine . Well , it 's now 2009 , I just set it out for the first time and the gears appear to be stripped again for some unknown reason . I wo n't be buying this model again until the gears are as sturdy as the tractor !
 Now on my third Nelson Traveling Sprinkler that has busted down during its second use . Seems like something is wrong in the gear box as it attempts to move forward , but just clicks and bounces back . And yes , the spray arms are aimed correctly . The first two were exchanged because the cheap plastic black tee connector cracked and leaked after there first use . One would think a brass tee would apply here . Not knowing how well this product was made in the past , but today Traveling Sprinkler seems to have cut corners in quality .
 I thought this would be great for my yard but I set it out and it would move only about one foot per hour . I contacted Nelson and they sent a new motor which I installed . Now the sprinkler does n't move at all . I suspect my water flow is not sufficient to drive this thing , as my house is about 55 years old with iron pipe that is somewhat occluded.DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM unless you have a newer house with no flow or pressure problems . And do n't buy from Amazon unless you are sure it will work because Amazon has a poor return policy.UPDATE September 23 , 2009
 I have 3 of these and have replaced the gearbox in all 3 and now all 3 are stripped out again . Wo n't buy another 1 .
 Nelson 1865 Raintrain Traveling SprinklerIf the Nelson Raintrain Traveling Sprinkler did n't have plastic gears in its transmission I would give it a 5 star rating . I 've purchase my second Nelson Raintrain now with the plastic gears failing in both trains . I seem to only get a season out of this product before it fails . In my opinion the gears are engineered to break easily under normal conditions forcing one to purchase this item again and again . I did find a web site that sells replacement transmissions with the price tag of a little over half what a new Nelson train would cost , I just could n't bring myself purchasing the same cheap transmission that will inevitably fail again.After reading the reviews on the Rittenhouse Walking Sprinkler , Walking Sprinkler - Cast Iron , that is the sprinkle I will have doing the job next . They are heavy-duty , cast iron construction , metal gears , and made in the USA . I will be money ahead in the long run.Sorry Nelson , my hard earned cash will be staying in the USA this time .
 can do the same with little or no effort with a $ 5 twirly.not worth the effort or money.how many words does it take to get across the point that it is worthless
 What I got was not what I ordered . Several pieces in this item were broken . According to First Call , the item was `` used , in good condition . '' Gave false info , and will not try to rectify this situation . Buyers beware !
 VERY Unhappy . This sprinkler is a joke . I have had these for years ; and this one DOES NOT MOVE . The post office will not accept this as I have opened the box , Well , yea , and so I am out the money I wasted on this product from Amazon . So disgusted .
 what a colossal loser this was . i have a level front yard . i set it up right , all i asked it to do was follow the freaking hose line like it was supposed to . this POS rain train never left the station . it traveled a mighty 3 feet before promptly flopping over and fixing one wand of spray on my open study window . repeated attempts with different hoses in different areas -LRB- with windows now shut -RRB- were met with equal failure.i 'd rather stand in the yard and take 8 hours and hand water it than use this loser again . my grandfather warned me not to get this and he was right . sounds great in theory , works like ! @ # $ T^!@# in reality.the only joy i got out of this thing was after 2 months when i could n't take it anymore and heaved it as high as I could in the street and let it come crashing down until it was destroyed . i could n't bear to foist it off as a freebie to one of my neighbors or even my worst enemy .
 I have tried every possible formation for the hose , and no matter what I do , the tractor rides right over the hose at every single turn . Even on straight hoses it rides over the hose if the hose it 's pulling is n't in a straight line behind it . I have even bought different hoses . I bought a super expensive hose thinking the hardness of it would be difficult for the tractor to ride over , but it still jumps the hose . I bought a super cheap hose thinking that maybe a lighter hose behind it will make it easier for the tractor to pull and wo n't pull it off track . Neither worked . EVERY time I use this thing I have to watch it or I end up watering the neighbor 's lawn . Today when I tried it with another new hose , thinking I 'd finally bought the perfect hose for it , I came to check on how it did with the first turn and found it in the middle of the street watering the street . A HUGE disappointment !
 I tried to order this twice , but both times it arrived with a cracked case . Whether it 's on Amazon for subpar packing or the carrier for unnecessary roughness is of little consequence . If it ca n't hold up in transit , it 's not going to last long on the work site . The tools appeared to be okay , but would n't expect them to last long . Probably a decent set for the casual homeowner with light use , but I do n't recommend this for any serious project . I returned both and went after a DeWalt set that had 10 fewer pieces at the same price point . I figure the difference in quality will far outweigh the quantity .
 Bought this to go with a drill I bought Black Friday . Arrived with the case cracked , and the 1/8 '' bits snapped in half when I tried to use them , to drill through plastic . -LRB- Snow shovel handle -RRB- . Could be user error , but I 'm very unimpressed . I gave a star for quantity
 Bought this to take apart a digital camera . While trying to loosen the screw , which I admit was pretty tight , the screw driver got stripped . It is now unusable , and I never got the screw loose . Pretty cheap material , only good for light-duty work .
 The # 00 does not fit the iPhone 4s # 00 screws , not even close . The product is very poor quality in my opinion .
 I have had the unit for 1 year now . I use it for weed and poison oak control with Roundup.The unit worked very well last time I used it , now it does not pump properly.I did leave some Roundup in it the last time I used it 2 months ago ; normally I do clean it after use unless I plan to use again soon . In this age of plastic and synthetic I am quite surprised that the membrane can not take chemicals very well . The piston pump does not have a membrane so would probably do better.The membrane kit is $ 19.95 and very difficult in my opinion to replace ; this indicates a poor design , meaning , It should be a simple thing to replace something that you know will have to be replaced.I bought a Stanley backpack sprayer , will report later on that one .
 I have owned this sprayer for about a year now and the unit has clogged up somehow , even though I 'm normally pretty careful to clean after each use . The problem is -LRB- as stated by another post -RRB- going online to read the instructions on how to take apart , check , clean , and replace parts is WAY too complicated . Maintenance should be limited to `` unscrew this , check an o-ring washer and maybe replace , and that 's it . If this product was sold to only MIT students it may be ok , or if I had an entire afternoon to attempt the tear down and rebuild it I could get it to work , but at the moment it gives me a headache just to look the instructions and try to decipher them .
 I bought one of these and it worked great ... one time ! When I tried to use it the second time the pump was frozen and a plastic piece that attaches the handle to the pump broke . I took it to a Solo approved repair shop and since I couldnt find the sales slip they wanted $ 140 to fix it -LRB- I only paid $ 70 + to buy it new -RRB- . I called Solo and emailed them and they said they would take care of it but they never did . Now I have to buy another new one -LRB- I do n't think I 'll get another Solo -RRB- . Very poor customer service but it did work great the one time I got to use it !
 This backpack sprayer is literally a piece of junk . We used it one time and the plastic strap buckle broke . The pump does not create enough pressure to to spray properly , the liquid just trickles out . We bought this particular sprayer because our previous Solo sprayer lasted six years with only minor problems .
 Good sprayer but very difficult to repair . Engineers who designed this must be laughing out loud . Not meant to fix .
 I `` Finally '' found a `` Very Effective '' Powdered -LRB- hard on Solo ... internal piston pumps ! -RRB- broad leaf herbicide called Chaparral -LRB- + full 2,4-D , for Fast results -RRB- , that was `` Highly '' recommended by my local Farm Store!I got tired of lugging around my 2 gallon tank sprayer , and thought I 'd give this a try ? - Pros-Absolutely None!Cons - Pressure gauge filled with liquid first use -LRB- pre-tightened -RRB- , but thought I 'd try itbefore requesting a replacement ? - What a pain having to keep pumping several Hard strokes every Few sprays -LRB- 1/2 acre lawn -RRB- . The whole tank is n't pressurized , just the `` Small '' internal reservoir.Tank sprayer pressure would last a whole long pass , with the same/more pumping effort as every Few feet with the Solo . - I pre-pick the flowers/buds off Dandelions/Clover ... , after stooping down then straightening back up a few times , with this `` Heavy '' weight on my back - I was Exhausted -LRB- the tank sprayer was like a cane getting back up -RRB- ! - The plastic spray wand is `` Wimpy '' , and Not good for `` thoroughly '' agitating the `` Whole '' weed -LRB- both sides , and 1sec spray at base too - 2 ' + brass shaft works best for me -RRB- . Bottom Line - The Solo sprayer is NOT Faster , or an energy saver in Any way !
 Bought one of these over ten years ago . It is still working and never gave me any trouble . I do not have access to it anymore so I bought a new one last year . Immediately the cheap plastic buckles broke so I had to kludge the straps . Then this season the pump quit working . It has only had light use . Good luck trying to work on the pump . It is in the trash and I am using a small tank pump sprayer that is wrking much better . Never again .
 Have been using this now only two weeks and its broken . The spray wand is made of the most cheapest plastic available I am sure.Talk aboiut cutting corners . In particular the trigger mechanism has a cheap plastic squeeze that has an even cheaper plastic insert that initiates spray.This broke on mine after about 4 or 5 tanks being sprayed.Real nice product here lol . I was ready to return this poorly made product and really should have but than saw I had a quality wand from another sprayer from a different company that lasted a few years till it finaaly broke but the sprayer still worked so I put on this sprayer . So the other spray wand from a different company lasted years and now is still working on this sprayer , yet the one the solo came woith broke in a couplke of weeks . Unreal ! Keep in mind too that the Solo sprayer is not cheap either.The fact that Solo puts the most cheapest parts possible in building this sprayer yet charges and arm and a leg for it is sickening.If the rest of the sprayer -LRB- most noteably the pump -RRB- have these same cheap products that the wand and trigger have than they will no doubt break as well.I would avoid this product as it will break if used even a few times it is only a question of when .
 This is a very over priced , poor performing product . If I had not used it I would return it for a refund .
 Although Solo sells a replacement pressure pump for the 425 and 475 backpack sprayers , this part is not replaceable even by someone with above average skills and experience . The repair shops refuse to work on these sprayers or want to charge more than a new sprayer costs . A good sprayer , but not repairable except for easily accessed o-rings and washers . Sorry Solo . I need something for the long haul .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I installed a complete irrigation system with 10 zones . The 4 zones that have gear driven rotors or spray heads work flawlessly . 6 zones have the Mini-Paw . Of the 11 LG-3 Mini-Paw sprinkler heads installed , 5 heads have failed -LRB- they ` hang ' on rotation sporadically -RRB- . See `` http://www.irrigationtutorials.com/reviews/rotor/rainbirdminipaw.htm `` for more information . I flushed the lines and did a good installation . The problem is not water pressure of flow . I will be replacing all 11 impact rotors with Hunter PGP-ATR gear driven rotors `` http://www.irrigationtutorials.com/reviews/rotor/hunterpgp.htm '' . Fortunately Hunter makes a product that will fit into the Rain Bird casing , so I do n't need to dig up the existing heads . I 'll admit it ... I really wanted to hear the ch-ch-ch-ch-ch of the impact heads , and that 's why I went that route , but after trying them and doing more reading , I realize it was a bad idea . Do your own research and see what the pros are installing .
 I would like to give this product a negative star rating . Like a previous entry , I put together a large underground sprinkler system . using 30 or these mini paws . 1 year later , about 6 or 7 of them are failing . They wont rotate , they just spray in one spot . I pulled one out to take a closer look and somehow dirt has gotten into the place where the head should rotate , now it grinds . I have one area of my lawn that was done in a sprayer type of head , they 've been working strong for 6 years now no maintance required . I guess I 'll have to switch these out like the other reviewer did . DO NOT BUY THESE , YOUR WAISTING YOUR MONEY . YOU 'VE BEEN WARNED !!!
 They do shoot very far and have 2 ways of connecting it to the water pipe -LRB- side and bottom connectors -RRB- . You can also get various size colored plastic nozzles -LRB- red , black , yellow , blue -RRB- that screw onto the opening to release less/more water . Changing a malfunctioning pop-up head is extremely easy and quick with a special wrench . I have 10 of these installed around the house . I find that it uses a huge amount of water -LRB- even with the red nozzle -RRB- and does n't soak the lawn . Somehow this seems like an impossibility , but they managed to do it . 25 minutes each zone should be enough water , no ? In addition there is runoff water wasted into the street from the heads.Lack of water pressure is a concern here , which is why I have installed the red small nozzle . Sprinkler heads stop functioning , so you have to clean inside the canister upon occasion . Keep the grass away from the heads by zapping . After a few years , the entire head stops moving completely requiring you to unscrew the head from the installed canister with the special wrench , and replace it with a new one . Also only use a maximum of 3 or 4 of these on one zone or you wo n't have enough pressure for all of them to move , especially if other people are watering at the same time as you.If you were installing from scratch , I would recommend other more modern spray types that do n't break on you , and maybe a soaker hose connected to the line as a supplement during droughts . The soaker hose must be brought in for the below freezing winter months .
 I got no results from Sulmet , because I got no Sulmet from Ozbo . They took my order on November 5th , saying they had the product in stock , and finally confessed they were n't sending the product on November 18 -- and only then because I suspected they were out of stock and wrote them . I do n't have a problem with sellers running out of stock ... that happens , but to show they have the stock and then make you wait for weeks for something they know is not coming is just plain poor business . I could have ordered this somewhere else . I will never order anything from Ozbo again !
 The strips have enough magnetic power to hold themselves up and not much more . I tried to used them to hold a piece of thin foil against an air duct with no success at all , even when then entire perimeter was covered with these sticks .
 We have 24 of this light bulbs in our house . After 8 months , 6 of them failed . Some of them we did n't even use that often . It take a 2-3 mintues for it to warm up as well . I will not buy this again .
 This product is not chrome , it 's plastic . The handles are plastic with a chrome color finish to them . Very cheap feeling . Plus the handles do n't actually attach to anything , they just sort of float in the wall.And the instructions do n't have any words on them . Only pictures . I 'm still not sure what to do with the packet of goop included.Very disappointing for a Moen product .
 I bought this bathroom set and for the price I thought I was getting something decent . I soon realized that it is made out of plastic and if you turn the knob just slightly too hard -LRB- to make sure the water is off and not dripping -RRB- then it will crack and basically break . I am so upset about this product that I had to leave a review .
 I added another bathroom on my 12 year old home.The faucet in 12 yr old bath is a much cheaper brand and still going strong.After about 10 showers the middle shower knob froze up , wo n't turn.The hot water wo n't shut completely off either.I hate to tear wall out to replace this faucet with another brand but may have to
 I hooked this hose to plastic threads on a hose reel . No leaks . However , the hose kinked worse than any hose I 've ever used while I was putting it on the hose reel .
 This hose worked for a week . Cheap and kinks constantly . And to top it off after a month , a hole just burst through the hose for no reason . Complete waste of money and buyer beware . Pay extra to get a hose that will last longer than a month .
 The inch graduations are in tenths of an inch . I found this less useful than fractions of an inch or millimetres . Very few plans call for tenths of an inch and almost all tools and bits are measured in fractions or millimetres . So I do n't find many uses for it .
 The quality of this offering is terrible . I used the screw driver for an hour and it broke . Very poor design . Stick with Stanley or Craftsman . I returned it immediately . I never return products .
 I used this tool 10 times . At first , it was difficult to properly swage a ferrule due to the short handle providing very little leverage . I remedied this by putting the tool in a table vise . I was able to swage a few ferrules before the threads started to get worn . After the 10th swage , one of the bolts broke . This was an inexpensive tool that would be good for rare use . I got what I paid for . A point of note
 In my opinion the Howard Leight R-03318 Leightning L3 Shooter 's Premium Earmuff is way better quality than these muffs . The Howard Leight ones have padding on the head band and are much better to wear than this Peltor . Only leg up that these have over the Howard Leight is that they fold up and take up less space in my tactical bag . If I had to make this purchase over again , I would have bought the Howard Leight ones .
 I bought this item from Amazon.com . Item arrived in a well packaged box . I paid around $ 40 for this . The worst thing about this item was the shipping charges and custom duties -LRB- accounting for > $ 10 -RRB- . I use this item during household activities such as vaccuming and during work related air travel -LRB- on small jet stream air crafts -RRB- . Pros : Comfortable on my ears.Soft materialCons : Does n't seem to cut out noises effectivelyVery fragile - after 5 careful uses , it seems that the outer layer of the ear muff may break soon.Amazon.com is very bad at not shipping items in Canada!Costly shipping and Customs FeesSummary
 Right side was blocked sound pretty well but left side made a whistling side . Very annoying . Had to return it .
 i used these gloves for five days before they no longer even resembled there original state.two days chipping logs , one day moving scrap , and two days digging ; no fingers at all -LRB- even the pinky and ring on right hand had finger tip holes -RRB- and worn to thread on the palms . this is not a durable glove of any caliber.looked good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that requires a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if your hands are your link to your work then skip this one.granted i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fits well and has any level of flexibility . but never have i worn through a new pair in under a week .
 soooooooooooooooooooooooo cheap , soooooooooooooooo thin , so cruddy compared to the last pair of this brand . I would highly recommend not buying these , unless it is for driving a prius or something
 I bought these gloves hoping to use them in cold weather conditions , for handling tools and equipment.These are a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do n't keep the water out . What 's the use of a glove if it gets wet?I am obviously not gon na be using a glove as a decoration on my hand , it is meant to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . And since it rains frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these gloves outside , they immediately get soaked by water rendering these gloves useless .
 It seems as if these gloves just are n't made the way they used to be . I should have noticed that many of the positive reviews for these gloves were written way before I purchased a pair . After having gone through 2 pairs in the span of a few months , I can safely say I will be staying away from these and other Mechanix gloves in the future.Not everything is bad . They fit and feel great when new . The problem is their durability , or lack there of . The material of the palm and fingers is very thin and will develop holes if used for anything other than light duty house keeping . I used mine for various gardening and DIY projects , none of which were extensively abusive , and I rapidly wore holes by the fingertips .
 i bought a set from the local auto store and they lasted me less than a month at work , i am at 3 days shy of a month on these gloves and my thumb index and middle fingers on both hands are torn through , and my left ring finger is almost there as well , i bought these in hopes they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar ones that only lasted a month and these were actually worse ! i am a tire installer and i put in 40 hours of nothing but gloves and these just do not hold up ! i will say if your doing light work they may be great as they are comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of items and not lose your ability to handle !
 Gloves fit very loose , they do not have velcro tab to tighten the wrist . Not heavy duty , very lite duty . Do not recommend .
 i used these like 3-4 times and the fingers already ripped out of them . not durable to any reasonable extent . a common occurrence with gloves . pro series , carhartts , you name it . my cheap dewalts lasted longer . going to try youngstown , ninja , and sealskinz .
 Two uses and there are holes in the tips of the fingers . the whole point of these gloves were to protect his fingers !
 Updated
 I purchased this about a year ago and , after very light use , the dial will not hold zero.Even moving the caliper very slowly to a fully closed position , the pointer will indicate anywhere from three to five-thousandths of an inch off from what was set at zero.I emailed Chicago Brands and they said that although it could be repaired , the repair would cost more than getting a new one.Seeing how this caliper became absolutely unreliable after light home use , I would n't recommend this to anyone . Precision measuring instruments have to be reliable . Otherwise it defeats the purpose of providing accurate measurements .
 I received this caliper on it 's box and packaged as it says on the description , but as soon as I looked at it , I knew there was something wrong with it . The needle was pointing to about 5 o'clock not 12 o'clock like it 's supposed to . Then I opened it and closed it , and it pointed to 2 o'clock ... it never repeated.It looks like the needle was lose on the pin and just slides on it.I returned it and decided to buy a better one .
 I recently purchased 2 of these levels from lowes for around $ 70 bucks a piece . About 2 weeks later one of them started giving false readings . Luckly I realized it before making any crucial errors and exchanged it for another . Believe it or not . . the replacement was bad too ! I use 6 foot levels for extreme accuracy but you cant do it with a swanson . take my advice and buy a Johnson ...
 I was so excited to get my new shower bar . At first sight it appeared to be exactly what I ordered , but as I checked out all the parts I was disappointed . I ordered this shower bar because it came in the StarLight chrome , which matches all the other components in our new shower . There are 3 end caps included with the bar and even though the bar is chrome the included end caps are brushed nickel . Not the look I was going for . I will be returning the shower bar , and I was going to order another one , but after some thought decided to buy one locally . I really need to get this project completed and I ca n't afford any more delays . I arrived at my 2 star rating by taking off 1 star for each part that came in the wrong finish .
 I recently had recessed lighting installed in my living room and bathroom and two different contractors both used these lightbulbs . I assume the bulbs were new when installed . Within three months , eleven out of the nineteen bulbs had failed at average usage rates of three hours or less daily . I 'm guessing the contractors used the Sylvania bulbs because they get some massive discount due to the brand 's dismal performance . I will not buy Sylvania again .
 I bought 6-pack of Sylvania bulbs three months ago , and they burned out quickly and today I have to purchase new bulbs . The claim of 2000 hours is not even close . Although the price appears to be lowest vs other brands , given its failure rate , the cost is rather high for me . I need to check with my handy man to find out what other alternatives would fit into my recess lights . I will switch as soon as i find the right type since it will only be better than Sylvania .
 Sylvania should be sued for claiming these bulbs last 2000 hours . I 've been buying them -LRB- because of a renovation -RRB- for about eight months , and most have failed within 1 to 2 months use at different locations thruout the house -LRB- avg about 3 hrs daily or < 100 hours/month -RRB- . What 's going on ? Most of the standard bulbs last longer than rated . Why do these fail after such short times?SYLVANIA 50-Watt 130-Volt R20 Small Indoor Reflector Flood , 6-Pack # 50R20 CVP 6PK
 I purchased this tool , I figured I would spend a little more money and get a quality one . Not the case ! All the adjusting knobs are plastic , even the scribe . The scribe is stuck and will not come out , you can not use pliers to pull it out because the part protruding is plastic not like what is pictured . All the edges are sharp and it is made from a poor casting to boot . The case it comes in was falling apart when I tried to open it lol ! Do n't waist your time on this one . I am a machinist and have purchased cheap ones that where much better than this one . I did not even take all the parts out of the case it was so bad . Sorry for the bad review but I would want the truth when I look at a review and this is my honest opinion .
 bought this item thinking the price tag being higher than most but lot cheaper than say starrett or mitutoyo it would be a descent tool , boy was i wrong i havent even got everything unwrapped and decided to send it back . the ruler doesnt even go into the square or center finder very well at all the locking devices fall right out very cheaply made , my advice to whoever is looking at this item save your money a little longer and go with either of the above mentiond brands much better quality with a heavier price tag respectively , wont be dissapointed though .
 Well the previous reviewer mentioned the `` odd '' battery size . Okay , it 's true that a size `` N '' battery is n't the most popular in the world , but they are generally available at places like Target and Wal-Mart , and of course there are several brands to choose from here on Amazon . I ca n't say I agree with the battery choice either , but that 's not the fatal flaw.Its brightness is superb for such a low price . The batteries last a very long time with intermittent use . The rubber grip is pretty good , and the overall build quality feels very solid . It 's heavier than it looks , too , which helps to give it that `` I 'll Last Forever '' feel.Unfortunately , it wo n't last forever . The first time I dropped it , it stopped working forever . I took it apart to see if there was anything I could do , but no . It 's toast.A flashlight needs to be rugged . It 's more expensive , but check out theFenix L2D flashlight . It 's rugged , waterproof , brighter -LRB- with adjustable brightness levels -RRB- , lighter , and takes two standard AA batteries .
 Eddie Bauer E-Light LED FlashlightComes with batteries but they are an odd size and Eddie Bauer did not tell me where I can get replacements .
 The base and bars are constructed from soft metal , so when cutting moderately hard tile -LRB- eg , porcelain -RRB- I found I was more likely to shatter the tile than cut it . You get what you pay for , and in this case you get a lot of damaged tiles.This might be ok for small ceramic tiles , but personally I 'd shy away .
 I purchased this to cut 12x12 tiles for sample boards . I followed the instructions , and upon attempting to score and cut my first tile , the machine broke irreparably . Believe it when the instructions say `` DO NOT FORCE . '' The product has good reviews from other users , which is why I bought it . I had not used this type of cutter before , so it may have been a mistake borne from inexperience , but I have now used a super heavy duty version of this product with no issues , so I 'm not sure if it 's the product or the user .
 i used these gloves for five days before they no longer even resembled there original state.two days chipping logs , one day moving scrap , and two days digging ; no fingers at all -LRB- even the pinky and ring on right hand had finger tip holes -RRB- and worn to thread on the palms . this is not a durable glove of any caliber.looked good and fit great , nothing but rubbish beyond that . if perhaps you do some light work that requires a little extra dexterity then you might look into this ; but if your hands are your link to your work then skip this one.granted i have yet to find a truly durable glove that fits well and has any level of flexibility . but never have i worn through a new pair in under a week .
 soooooooooooooooooooooooo cheap , soooooooooooooooo thin , so cruddy compared to the last pair of this brand . I would highly recommend not buying these , unless it is for driving a prius or something
 I bought these gloves hoping to use them in cold weather conditions , for handling tools and equipment.These are a good fit and closer to the skin , but they do n't keep the water out . What 's the use of a glove if it gets wet?I am obviously not gon na be using a glove as a decoration on my hand , it is meant to shield my hand from external environment , be it water , fire or cold temperature . And since it rains frequently here in New york , whenever i wish to wear these gloves outside , they immediately get soaked by water rendering these gloves useless .
 It seems as if these gloves just are n't made the way they used to be . I should have noticed that many of the positive reviews for these gloves were written way before I purchased a pair . After having gone through 2 pairs in the span of a few months , I can safely say I will be staying away from these and other Mechanix gloves in the future.Not everything is bad . They fit and feel great when new . The problem is their durability , or lack there of . The material of the palm and fingers is very thin and will develop holes if used for anything other than light duty house keeping . I used mine for various gardening and DIY projects , none of which were extensively abusive , and I rapidly wore holes by the fingertips .
 i bought a set from the local auto store and they lasted me less than a month at work , i am at 3 days shy of a month on these gloves and my thumb index and middle fingers on both hands are torn through , and my left ring finger is almost there as well , i bought these in hopes they would be a step up from the cheap 4 dollar ones that only lasted a month and these were actually worse ! i am a tire installer and i put in 40 hours of nothing but gloves and these just do not hold up ! i will say if your doing light work they may be great as they are comfortable and easy on and off , as well as you can work with the smallest of items and not lose your ability to handle !
 Gloves fit very loose , they do not have velcro tab to tighten the wrist . Not heavy duty , very lite duty . Do not recommend .
 i used these like 3-4 times and the fingers already ripped out of them . not durable to any reasonable extent . a common occurrence with gloves . pro series , carhartts , you name it . my cheap dewalts lasted longer . going to try youngstown , ninja , and sealskinz .
 Updated
 I just received a new 9118 and the shoe plates are not flat -- not even close ! I am returning it unused . Warped plates make this tool basically worthless . I 've noticed a decline in Porter Cable quality and this is either indicative of it or just my bad luck . Porter Cable will not get a second chance on this one . $ 400 is a lot to pay for a relatively simple tool like this one . It should n't be hard to get it right ! I make my living with my tools and I do n't have time to waste on poor quality .
 I ordered my P-C 3HP/4GAL compressor from Amazon , and their tool supplier , Tool Crib , shipped the unit to me via UPS . When I unpacked the compressor there was a broken piece of plastic in the bottom of the box . After reading the Owner 's Manual and starting the break-in procedure I realized the plastic piece was the on/off switch ! Using plastic for such a high-use piece like the on/off switch is a very poor design.I took the compressor to the local Porter-Cable service center and they tell me the boxes the P-C compressors come in are NOT designed to handle the rigorous treatment of UPS shipping . The compressor is very heavy and the support inside the box is just flimsy cardboard , so the unit will shift alot during UPS shipment . The boxes were designed to be shipped on pallets and sold in stores off the pallet.No wonder the switch was broken . I 'm just wondering what other parts may have been damaged in the shipping . Wo n't know until the replacement part comes in and we can turn the unit on . It 's been two weeks now and the replacement switch unit still has not arrived.Be advised about this shipping problem with this compressor . Your 's might arrive damaged also . Tool Crib should know better than to ship these heavy units in flimsy boxes ! Luckily the local Porter-Cable service center is willing to fix it under warranty !
 The pressure switch occasionally will not shut of the compressor . The only way to shut it off is to pull the electrical plug from the wall . There is no consistancy in the amount of pressure it builds . Sometimes 140 PSI and othere 165 PSI . Fifty percent of the time the safety valve blows . I called Porter Cable to send me a new one and they would n't . Referred me to a service center 30 miles away . I phoned the service center and they said they may not have the parts for this compressor and may have to order them . So far I am not impressed . I had a CH for 7 years without a problem . My PC is a week old .
 I 'm a structural Engineer . I design buildings not machinery but you do n't have to be an Engineer to see that this model has a major design flaw . There is no gauge guard that would prevent the whole gage assembly from bending -LRB- and separating -RRB- at the base where the nipple attaches to the tank . Air will leak from the threads of the nipple -LRB- as was the case for me -RRB- or worse . . the entire gage assembly could `` blow out '' of the threads causing serious injury . Pancake compressors due to their top heavy nature can and do rollover , and if this unit rolls onto the gauge side , sooner or later your going to have a major problem . I discovered this design flaw when I plugged my brand new compressor in and a rush of air shot out where the gauge nipple screws to the tank . There was no visible damage to the gages so that means to me that it does n't take much of a blow to damage the nipple-to-tank connection . The compressor was improperly packaged . There was no extra packing foam or otherwise to prevent the compressor from banging side ways . There is a little diagram that suggests that the container be stored up right but honestly . . that 's a joke and any manufacturer counting on this is a JOKE . This container was either stored on its side with other stuff on top or it was dropped on its side -LRB- damaged inside surface of the box suggests this was the case -RRB- . Either way . . the manufacture should have recognized this and incorporated a structural guard ... poor product due to poor engineering .
 I agree with the other reviewer on this item - it is a defective design . My compressor arrived damaged due to the gauge assembly being bent during shipping resulting in the nipple to the tank splitting open . The compressor was unusable . After thinking about it for 30 seconds , I realized that this compressor can not stand up to any damage on the job and moreover may represent a situation where the gauge could unexpectedly blow out and kill/injure someone .
 Probably perfectly good sandpaper , but since they do n't stick to the pad -LRB- and I even got a 3m pad to go with them -RRB- there 's no way to be sure . A real disappointment and major aggravation . Last about 30 seconds before they start to shift on the pad and within a minute , they 've flung themselves across the workshop . Useless and returned .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 after one year of light duty use pump bearing leaking oil and fly wheel belt wo n't ride true . unit now in shop waiting for parts , down time three to four weeks , had to borrow small compressor from family member . I would not recomend this compressor at all . A better compressor would be home depots huskey 60 gal a much better built unit at 399.00 pump is solid cast iron and the tubing is copper vs alumium that poter cable uses . I think poter cable should stick to building beltsanders , routers , & sawzalls
 Probably perfectly good sandpaper , but since they do n't stick to the pad -LRB- and I even got a 3m pad to go with them -RRB- there 's no way to be sure . A real disappointment and major aggravation . Last about 30 seconds before they start to shift on the pad and within a minute , they 've flung themselves across the workshop . Useless and returned .
 Probably perfectly good sandpaper , but since they do n't stick to the pad -LRB- and I even got a 3m pad to go with them -RRB- there 's no way to be sure . A real disappointment and major aggravation . Last about 30 seconds before they start to shift on the pad and within a minute , they 've flung themselves across the workshop . Useless and returned .
 3M 04801105682 6 X 5/8-11 Hook & Loop Disc Pad Holder # 916There is no padding or softness to it . I never use it . I now use the smaller 3 '' and 2 '' with foam backing . This product is really not for sanding wood on a lathe . It may be fine for something else /
 Can not cut 16 '' tile . I tried to cut my 16 '' porcelain tile , it did a clean break 12 '' down and the break veers off . I tried it again w / the same problem . Then I decided to try a 12 '' , thinking that it was just mine that was defective , but it worked fine . I tried the 16 '' once more and had the same problem . I looked under where the tile sits and I found out the protuberance below tile only goes up to 12 '' and there 's no support for it under the tile beyond that . From the other review it seems to cut 13 '' , but my guess is that it 's probably not a good idea to try and use this on any tiles larger than that . I gave it two stars because it actually does cut 12 '' tiles .
 This goes under the title of tools that do n't work , and that were never designed to work . I for one am very tired of purchasing new tools from foreign markets that are built and designed so badly that they were never expected to work from the company responsible . I now look for pre-owned products that were made in the USA , especially prior to the 90 's . This product would not cut a single tile without breaking it . After trying to cut 6 tiles , which all broke , I gave up and rented an older US made product , which worked every time . I am an experienced craftsman and an Engineer , so I know what I am doing . The main problems with this tool -- and I suspect this will be the same with all versions of this tile cutter from the same company -- is that the cutter balde is not able to cut and the tubing frame flexes too much . These problems are mainly due to the use of inferior material and bad design . I do not know who wrote the other reviews . I can only imagine relatives ? I tried to resolve this problem with the vendor who refused to respond . Because of this , I will likely not buy any tools of similar manufacture ever again .
 In one room of my home , I have ten recessed light fixtures that turn on together . In four of these fixtures , I installed Feit bulbs . I 've had to replace the Feit bulbs twice in the same time span that Sylvania and Philips bulbs have remained working without replacement . In other words , Feit bulbs have less than half the lifespan as the Sylvania and Philips bulbs . The Feits did not cost half of what the other bulbs cost ; therefore , their ultimate cost is significantly higher .
 I bought these 9 months ago for 4 light sockets in my kitchen controlled by a dimmer switch . Currently only 3 of those 6 lights still work . I am under the impression that I should get longer bulb life due to using 130 volt bulbs in a 120 volt house and that dimmed lights do n't consume their life span as quickly . In my experience these bulbs have not performed any better than any regular light bulb from my local hardware store . Other than my expectations not being met , these bulbs seem as disappointing as any other normal bulb .
 First bulb I installed stopped working after 15 mins if use . Second one I installed has worked ok thus far . Not overly satisfied given faulty bulb
 This pack of 12 costs about 20 % more than 12 separate bottles ... from the same people -LRB- acehardwareoutlet -RRB- .
 I had minor problems with this from the start . First , the motor would buzz real loud , and only a stream of water would flow out . Then , one day something popped inside , and white goo spilled out all over my deck . I knew that was n't good , but it kept working for another week or two until the lack of pressure issue returned and it stopped working altogether.Poorly made . From what I read here , it looks like that cheap plastic part broke . Since I am past the one month return window , I am out of luck .
 McCulloch pressure washers have a fragile plastic part that links the generally robust metal motor and metal pump to the pressure switch that cuts power to the motor when pressure is attained . In operation , the plastic part is prone to bursting -- and if it does you ca n't replace it.I have an older model that is just beyond warrantee . In NORMAL OPERATION the plastic part burst . I am told that my model is no longer made , that many people ask for this part , and they are SOL . I am also told that McCulloch pressure washers are still made with this plastic linkage.This likely explains Jazzman 's problem.By the way , McCulloch was purchased by the Taiwan company Jenn Feng .
 I used this thing twice for about 6 hours total . The third time it simply lost it 's pressure and would not stay on . I called the 800 number printed right on the unit and waited for 35 minutes ... no answer . I do n't know about the rest of you out there ... but when I have invested too much time and the company wo n't talk to me when I call ... I have to throw in the towel because I could be doing something productive . Chalk it up `` you get what you pay for . What was I thinking ? $ 78.99 for a pressure washer ? It WAS too good to be true . I ca n't recommend this thing unless you only plan to use it once and throw it away . You That 's what I am doing . Sorry McCullough ... I do n't have time to wait 35 minutes for you to tell me where to take the unit and then wait 10 days or more to get it fixed .
 When I received this item I could tell the box had been previously opened . This was confirmed by the condition of the internal packing materials . Not a big deal as long as it worked properly , but it did not . It seemed to work OK at first , but after a few minutes water came out of the case from some kind of internal leak . Amazon made it easy to return , but indicated they could not replace it until July , 2008 -LRB- about two months -RRB- . Too late for my projects . The same item was available from another vendor selling through Amazon , but once burned , twice cautious . I will try something else .
 THe item did n't work and several attempts to the manufacturer , seller , and Amazon -LRB- including an email to Jeff Bezos -RRB- went without any help . Needless to say I 'm no longer an Amazon Customer nor will I ever be again .
 First used it today bought it on July 8th lasted for 20 minutes before it self destucted , need I say more , you get what you pay for . .
 Bought this one 2 years ago . Not enough pressure to clean my car . Now , the spray gun is cracked and water spraying all over the place . I will buy a universal spray gun and hopefuly the motor does n't die soon .
 I bought couple of these and for both I noticed they quickly deteriorated after couple of weeks . The lamplight became dim and I was wondering if I am slowly getting blind . I examined the bulbs and noticed the tube tarnished inside by a mirror-black residue - presumable film from metal evaporation , because it was not there when I bought them . When you turn the light on , it takes couple of seconds to light up , when turned off - it continues glowing for up to five seconds . This is not how halogen bulbs should be!I replaced the Feit bulb with another brand and guess what ? The non-Feit 150W bulb is BRIGHTER than the Feit 300W ! Do not buy Feit halogen bulbs.PS . no , the tarnish was not due to fingerprint residue - it was all over the bulb , not localized spot . the new brand i tried was GE Edison if i remember .
 After ordering thousands of items from Amazon over the years , this product is easily the worst . In fact , out of all of those purchases , I have only had to return about five or six defective or incorrect items.However , the manufacturer of this `` Rough Service '' halogen bulb has , apparently , no quality control in place
 I ordered these bulbs from amazon and they arrived packed in a bubble padded envelope . An envelope for light bulbs ? Yes.I loaded one into my desk light . The light is ridiculously bright for a desk and , yes , the fixture is rated for 150 watt bulbs.After running for an hour or perhaps slightly more , I am standing next to the lamp and I realize there 's some kind of slight buzzing or hissing noise somewhere in the room . I realize it 's the light bulb and I lean in . It 's too bright to look at directly . I turn off the light and look at the filament after it dims down . It looks like there 's a missing section of filament about 3mm long . I go to turn the light back on and the bulb is stone dead.What I think happened is the filament burned out in that small section , but the arcing of 120V kept the path electrically viable to conduct through by arcing . When I turned off the light , the path de-ionized or something and would not start back up.So , I now know why they put two of these in a package .
 Problem
 Bulbs were received on time . Installed 2 bulbs and 1 lasted only 1 day . Same thing happened last time I ordered these bulbs -LRB- 1 lasted only 2 weeks -RRB- . Would not recommend these bulbs !
 I ca n't say if this product works well or not . I ordered these bulbs as a replacement and hoped they would last because the lights are not in a location that easy to access . Removed the lights and prepared to replace the bulbs and found one bulb broken and one with a broken filament . These bulbs must not ship well as the ones I was replacing were in lights that I purchased from Amazon and used for less than a month . Save yourself the hassle of return shipping and purchase locally .
 Like other reviewers , I was astonished to find that they switched the manufacture of this item from USA to China . I have used both the USA version and the Chinese version , and I can tell you the metal from China rusts quicker , chips and breaks easier , while the fit and finish and feel of the American version of this tool in your hands is sublime . I emailed the company and got no response . During my search , I have seen stainless steel versions of this prybar out there on Amazon also made in China , but I can not understand why you would want to use anything but high carbon steel/spring steel to give the tool some flex ... it would seem stainless steel would be more brittle and stiff but I 'm no metallurgist . I found a similar tool to this one made by Dasco , made in the USA .3 PC Scraper/Pry Bar KitThe 3 pry bar set is just a few dollars more than this Chinese piece of junk , and I 've seen Dasco products at the `` orange big box store '' as well as the * blank * -LRB- rhymes with space -RRB- is the place hardware store . I have yet to use the Dasco but obviously I had a very very hard time locating a source of a Made in the USA version of this tool online so I was more than willing to buy any American product at the earliest opportunity . Another company that makes American made pry bars is Vaughan for anyone else out there wishing to do some research . They make a BT45 and BT90 that is not exactly like this pry bar but very similar .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I 'm bummed . Was all set to prime my new canvases.As others have stated , received only one while it should have been a ` pack of 48 ' . Not sure where the problem lies . Mine came from AG Distributors.There is some value in knowing the product and understanding what you are putting in the box . Seems to be lost here.On the other hand , Amazon customer service continues to be the best .
 Received item - box felt kind of light . WTF ? Only one brush !!! C'mon man ! Are these mil-spec at this price ?
 I also ordered this item and received 1 brush instead of the `` Pack of 48 '' described . I contacted Amazon and they are crediting my account -LRB- I hope -RRB- .
 I paid $ 14 plus and I received 1 brush . I thought I was buying 48 brushes . Unable to contact seller for help . I guess I am stuck . What a rip off .
 I bought these brushes at a local store . I have never bought such a bad paint brush . The brushes start falling out as soon as I started painting . I will never buy a Linzer product again . I wasted my money on this one .
 These were okay for rough stuff , but they did n't hold up well over time . We ended up buying top shelf brushes -LRB- $ 15-20 per -RRB- at our local hardware store for fine work or for highly visible areas . Those we still have . The Linzer 's were tossed long ago . If quick n dirty is all you need , these will serve . You get what you pay for .
 No issues with the seller . The Nippers did not perform as well as I would have expected . I ruined some tile pieces because they did not nip the pieces like they should have . Instead it would crack or chip the entire piece that I was trying to fit into place . So I invested in a wet tile cutter .
 I purchased this combo about three years ago when I started an addition project on our house . The drill is an excellent tool however the saw leaves much to be desired . There is not enough battery to power the saw . I have four batteries for this saw and it takes all of them to do a small project . I mainly have Porter Cable tools and have been very satisfied with them . If you want a cordless saw do n't buy the 14.4 volt . I have used an 18 volt saw and they run circles around this one . My guess is the 19.2 would be a good choice . I did not buy the 19.2 because I already had two batteries and I thought four 14.4 batteries would work as well . My mistake .
 Painting a 9 ` X10 ' piece of fabric and when about 7/8 of the way through it broke in my hand . : - / That 's about all I can say ... it broke on the plastic housing -LRB- the part that connects the metal to the plastic area -RRB- , snapped . . I 'm only 5 ' tall , 117 lbs ... I 'm not a big manly beast . : P
 If you are a fan of the sound of 70 's vintage soviet passenger aircraft taking off , then this is the fan for you because that is what this thing sounds like when running . It is very quiet when it is off however -LRB- sic -RRB-
 I paid for new , got open box item . The fan model number does not agree with the bodel that I purchased . I am trying to figure out if Amazon or their supplier is to blame .
 Not sure where the quality was . not even an hour into painting the bristles began to fall off leaving themselves lodged into the paint on my walls ... get what you pay for ... . in this case junk . Not sure how anyone gave these 5 stars ? maybe they just did n't notice them falling apart . Went to local hardware store and picked up better brushes and had no such problems .
 These paint brushes do not paint very well and the bristles fall out easily . I would not recommend this product .
 Crappy quality . The bristles came out the first , second , and last time I used them . I 'm a Fine Art major and needed some basic big brushes to do a primer coat . I wish I would of just spent the extra bucks to buy better quality brushes that would last longer and not waste my time .
 Great price on brand new faucet -LRB- Price Pfister PRO-PP10 professional series Kitchen Faucet -RRB- that was received in a reasonable amount of time . HOWEVER , it arrived with an unexpected extra $ 10.35 postage due and it leaks.Total price at time of check out was $ 20.00 + $ 4.49 Shipping & Handling for a total of $ 24.49 then I had to pay the extra postage due of $ 10.35 to the Post Office when it arrived for a grand total of $ 34.84 . The seller , Leonardo Linares DBA LLInvestors , does n't state there will be any additional shipping fees.After receiving the product I looked up Amazon 's shipping policy for this type of product and it states that shipping is $ 4.49 + $ 0.50 per pound . I can only assume that the seller intentionally neglected to enter the required product weights Amazon needs to calculate the correct Shipping & Handling so it looks like the seller 's total cost is less than competitors ' or , they do n't understand how to set up shipping properly in their Amazon store.The seller needs to correct this shipping cost problem AND/OR state up front that there will be additional shipping fees . Over all though , I 'm satisfied with the product and total price even after paying the extra shipping otherwise I would have given 5 stars instead of 2 . I contacted Price Pfister about the leak . They were very helpful and are sending out a new cartridge and `` O '' rings for it . My existing cartridge has a manufacture date of 12/22/2000 so it 's very possible that this faucet is just as old . Many of the parts on the parts list are no longer in their computer .
 The package itself shows that this blade is NOT for cast iron or hard tile . I bought this product to cut through a piece of aluminum channel . Took probably 45 minutes , which was far longer than it took at the metal yard . They did it in about 2 seconds . I like my sawzallFactory-Reconditioned Milwaukee 6538-821 15-Amp Super Sawzall Orbital Reciprocating Saw with Casequite a bit and eventually I got through the channel , but I expected way more out of the blades . I do n't find them all that special . Oh , and this might be painfully obvious to most people , but just in case , do NOT use them for wood - they will make a huge mess out of that.I still have two out of three left , so if I find a good use for them that I would recommend , I will post it . By the way , the package says that these cut : FiberglassBlockMasonryPlasterCeramic tileThe two items shown that they specifically are not able to cut are : Hard Tile -LRB- Grade 5 -RRB- Cast IronThe one that is supposed to cut Cast Iron and Hard Tile -LRB- Grade 5 -RRB- is the diamondMilwaukee 48-00-1440 Sawzall Blade 6 '' Diamond GritandMilwaukee 48-00-1450 Sawzall Blade 9 '' Diamond Grit
 I purchased these blades believing they were tungsten tipped blades , as the picture attached shows clearly teeth on the blade , And the description said tungsten carbide.No where has it said `` Carbide grit Blades '' as it clearly says on the packets once they were delivered . Misleading info and picture !!
 Bought these for my newMilwaukee 2625-21CT M18 18-Volt Hackzall Cordless One-Handed Reciprocating Saw Kit . The spec DOES say for metal , and once I got the package it read not for metal . You need a diamond saw blade for cutting metal.Luckly the kit did include ONE bi-metal saw blade ; and I was able to do the work I had bought it for .
 Gloves are comfortable , and fit well , but their durability is horrible . If its a work glove , one would expect them to be able to hold up to &#34; work &#34; . fingers wear out and split after approx 10 uses .
 Gloves ripped the very first time I used them to do a brake job . Not impressed with these gloves at all . I would have been better off using disposable gloves .
 I purchased my new home and attempted to paint my entire house . I purchased a set of these rollers and tried my best to paint . I do not understand for the life of me why ANYONE would paint with an item that has holes in the middle . I dipped it into the tray and the paint fell through the holes . I splashed some paint with a cup onto the wall and used the roller again - the wall got all cut up . Now I 'm living in a home with paint splashed everywhere and metal tracks riding up and down my walls . Do n't waste your money .
 Thought this was a better quality roller , Its not , painted out 2 houses with it and now the spindels worn out on the frame end causing the roller wobble about , plus the thread in the hand is too big for -LRB- not only standard size -RRB- but thewooster & Sherlock roller pole as well ! = Rubbish !
 My husband is a painting contractor and has used Wooster roller handles forever , these however are junk . Do n't waste your money .
 I have other S&K hand tools that are top notch . This punch set is a little disappointing . The two smallest punches have a noticable curve in them , hopefully I can get that out without breaking one . They came with a film of corrosion already on them and shoved in a cheesy plastic pouch with no dividers . Could not reccomend this set at this point . Better sets out there with higher quality at the same or lower price point .
 The item pictured - a Purdy brush - is actually a very good product . Every Purdy brush I 've ever owned performs well and holds up well through several uses and proper cleanings . But if you think that 's what you 're going to get when you order the above-pictured brush from APIAMERICA , you 're in for an unpleasant surprise . You 'll get a brush with no Purdy logo on the handle , a brush that has a soft-wood handle with a clear coat of finish and a red-colored tip -LRB- Purdy brush handles are unfinished hardwood , with the Purdy logo on them -RRB- , and a brush that ca n't be used more than once . In other words it 's a dressed-up version of the disposable brushes you can buy for a couple of dollars in any paint store . Lesson learned ? If I want a Purdy brush , I should buy it from Purdy , a Purdy-authorized distributor , or from Amazon , not just on Amazon 's site .
 Length :
 Blade retracts as you use it , pretty much useless for my purposes.I figured such a simple tool would be hard to mess up but here isthe example of a simple tool done poorly . Do not buy this .
 The handle has absolutely no holding ability , the blade slides all over the place and has barely any resistance to pushing , which is an essential requirement for a scraper . Broke the first time I tried to use it , simply scraping semi-fresh glue from a glass surface , not a difficult task by any means.That 's what I get for going cheap , I guess . Lesson learned .
 I can not even fathom why this product was sold to me . It was old and did not work at all . It was so defective the razor would n't even stay in place . I had to stop trying to use it and throw it out . I 'm not sure where they got this , but I do n't recommend anyone buying it ever !!!! I finally found one at Home Depot that worked properly !
 I ordered this tub WEEKS ago . I got a phone call saying it had shipped WEEKS ago ... no package in sight ! I have messaged Midwest General Store via email and amazon MULTIPLE times with no feedabck whatsoever to help me figure out what is going on . Not happy with them at all !!!
 Drum came out of the box bent , do n't think it was from the packaging . I saw the same one at the local box store for 10 bucks . Just hope that it does n't break in your drain .
 The product is difficult to use , and it does not work effectively . It is too heavy to hold for a long period of time . It is basically useless on tough jobs .
 well if you ask me , this thing is no more useful than using a wire hanger to fix a clog . i guess you are supposed to use muscle power totry to force the snake wire deep into the pipe -LRB- which is hard to do -RRB- . I thought the spinning part of the device might help you with that , but it doesnt - all it really is is storage area for the snake wire . oh and the snake wire part got wet -LRB- obviously -RRB- and soon after it was completely rusted !
 It seems like it could get job done , but I could not get it down the drain due to the drain design/cover . I guess you should make sure you can remove cover on your drain before buying . I could not remove cover -LRB- part of drain design -RRB- , so I could not use this product .
 I had high hopes for this item ... I really thought I 'd be able to unplug my bathroom sink by myself . BUT after struggling to keep the darn thing from zipping up and smacking me every time I turned the crank -LRB- I was trying for 45 minutes -RRB- , I finally gave up and called the plumber . This may be a quality gadget , but it 's definitely not for me .
 this is equivalent to a hanger , if you want to save money just buy a heavy duty motorized snake ... bought this and ended up not using it at all b/c it never worked . the plumber comes in with the heavy duty and runs for 15 minutes and makes a quick $ 75 dollars to clear a drain ... I added the visits up and I could of just bought my own geeesh !
 end Broke during the first use - the snake cable end broke away from the inside end of the knob , so could not be turned to advance or retract .
 I ordered this auger and it arrived on time but the blue base was deformed when i received it . Returned for an exchange . The new one came with similar damaged shape and scratches . Seems that the products are either used ones or mis-handled somewhere during the process .
 I read these good reviews and purchased this product . However , it did not work at all . First of all , the wire does not come out , though I turned the handle clockwise following the instruction . It was completely useless and I struggled with it for 30 minutes with no results . I do not recommend this product .
 Have had this snake for years . After using it again today , decided to get rid of it and get a better one . The design of this snake is non ergonomic . It requires significant effort to keep the handle balanced while turning the small handle . Not recommended .
 I 've had both the standard and metric sets for over a year now . The T handle is very convenient . But be aware that you have to be careful not to put too much torque on the handle . The plastic will give and the wrench -LRB- or key -RRB- just spins in the plastic . With care these are very good for light household use .
 I bought these based off some of the reviews!The filter is poorly constructed , very very low quality.Avoid if you can .
 Bought these based off some of the reviews thinking I was making a good choice . My vent is right outside my bedroom door and it whistles now . Luckily I have a hole BOX of these to get through ... probably will toss them . Look for a better quality filter . It 's worth the $ and hassle . The filter is thin , see through and not sure it 's actually filtering much except the whistling sound .
 Gloves ripped the very first time I used them to do a brake job . Not impressed with these gloves at all . I would have been better off using disposable gloves .
 I had a real heck of a time getting the backing of the adhesive so I could stick this stuff on . I thought I had gotten of the backing on a small piece last week , but when I went to use it again yesterday , I got so frustrated I gave the task to another person . We both ended up deciding the backing was n't able to come off and I was just being sadistic giving this task to her . However on reading the product description again it does say `` self-stick tape '' .
 This ladder is too lightweight to be so tall . It is unstable and the piece of metal that forms the locking cross piece is too high to provide support . Mine bent and collapsed with far less than 200 lbs on i!I am still limping 3 months later .
 Not sure what I bought ; thought it was 3 , but only got one . Description says blades , picture shows three , and after further review , the 3 pack is the exact same description . Or , is this the same blade for a higher price ? Would like to have some extra blades , but this description is n't clear on the 24 tpi .
 These are the worst blades I have ever used . Went through all 3 blades in a matter of 15 cuts through only 1/8 '' thick steel tubing . Would never buy again . The teeth rip off of the band very easily after only a few cuts . I have never had a problem with their regular tooth count blades , but these mixed tooth count blades are absolutely horrible . Wish I could give it zero stars and get a refund .
 I am very disappointed with the vibration of the light reflector . The unit is mounted fine and exhibits no vibration . Attaching the light fixture introduces the vibration . Poor design and the noise is distracting . I would not purchase again and would not recommend this product to anyone .
 Three of these models were installed in our house when it was built . One fan lasted less than 2 years , one lasted less than 7 years , and the third still works . They do move some air , but do you really want to replace your ceiling exhaust fan every few years ?
 Worst bathroom fan I 've ever encountered , by far . I have four of these that were installed by the builder of my 6 year old house and have had to replace the motors multiple times in two of them . The noise coming from them after is about the same as you would hear standing behind an idling diesel city bus - just awful . I 'm planning to rip them all out as they each fail -LRB- which they all will no doubt -RRB- and replace them with non-Broan units . Do n't waste your time or money on these inferior products !
 The air circulation is very poor and the light is n't very bright - the two primary functions of the unit . Beyond that there 's a air dam that rocks back-and-forth when it 's windy outside ; which is very frustrating due to the noise it makes when rocking back-ad-forth . I bought this to replace a non-lighted fan and will not use in the remaining bathrooms .
 BUT , if you want a bathroom that shakes , vibrates , and seems like a 40 year old restroom in a gas station in rural America , then get a Nutone/Broan .
 Bought this about 3 years ago at Lowes and it stopped working . Found that the fan is not gripping any longer because it started to hit the holding plate . Now the motor seems to be shot , and getting very hot . Will have to replace it .
 did n't buy this from Amazon , but it 's the same model . I guess `` economy line '' should have raised a flag , but only after one day of working I found out that the motor is noisy , it puts too much vibration in the wood beams , and the plastic faceplate is so flimsy it sometimes vibrates in a different pitch than the rest of the thing . Next time I 'll give the replacement a dry run before spending my time installing it . .
 We put this fan in as a new installation . It did the job but for its size it 's noisy - could be the loose fit of the plastic grille . After about 6 months the fan quit , though the light continued to work . We finally got around to checking it out yesterday and the problem is the unit itself , not the wiring to the switch as we 'd hoped . For much less than a year of use I feel this Broan fan was a terrible value .
 Amazon 's description is deceptive and fraud-based . The description clearly indicates that this fan has a 100 watt light and a 7 watt nightlight . You find out , however , upon receipt , that that option is only available on one of the 3 options , so the main description is , in fact , untrue . This fan , as shown , has a 100 watt light . There is no nightlight . If you wanted the product that is described , you would have to purchase a round light , which , if you read the reviews , is so noisy , that you have to shim the cover to keep it from rattling . So , the fan that is described , is actually quite a bit more expensive than the fan depicted .
 I bought this product to replace the one that was installed in my bathroom but made too much noise . 6 month later and this one is making the same racket . The motor bearings develope too much slop which causes vibration . Trying to shim the duct and/or reflector is useless . Do n't waste your money .
 Note the manufacturer states this is for 50 sq ft which would be a small bath or powder room . We have shimmed for excessive noise . Fan does nothing to remove moisture in bath . Not energy star rated . Cheap bldr installed in my custom home w/out consulting me . This is lower than builder grade equipment . Would love to get this out of my house .
 As others have stated , the light cover -LRB- not the fan/motor -RRB- vibrates in a way that changes every 5 minutes ! The cover vibrations are much louder than the fan noise . Will try rubber dampers as others have done to help.I own two of these , both vibrate . One of them the light no longer works -LRB- even with a working light globe -RRB- .
 I 've had this fan installed for 4 years and besides being noisy , it vibrates so much that the light bulbs fail prematurely . I 've also had to replace the motor 3 times so at $ 65 per replacement motor this $ 100 + fan is now over $ 300 . I would replace the whole unit to a better quality one but it would mean a lot more work and money switching from a round to rectangular unit because of the hole size . Broan/Nutone quality is terrible . Look at Panasonic fans .
 They would not fit in my tool box drawer . Drawer needs to be 39 cm deep and 5 cm high . There was no clear , easy way to attach them to the drawer - no mounting holes . I wound up making my own by cutting grooves in a plywood block with a table saw . This resulted in more compact storage . Return
 did n't work -- leaked water -- did n't have that plastic hole reducer on it -- needs that to slow down flapper from closing to fast ------ Bad flapper
 In the manual there was mention that the Hose Reel could possibly leak for a while . It has been over 5 months and it is still leaking . Very disappointed , I had to fix it myself .
 We installed this hose reel about 3 months ago and have only used it twice because water sprays out of a connection point . It is not something that can be disassembled and put back together . Can this be returned ??
 The hose connection is OUTSIDE the hose reel . Your hose will kink when stored on this reel . I bought additional fittings at the hardware store to pipe the fitting to a better spot , but I should n't have to spend extra time and money making it work . I would not recommend this product .
 The hose reel has one very bad fault . The fitting for the hose is outside the reel , so you have to run the hose through the side of the reel and to the fitting . When you roll up the hose , it kinks because of the tight curve , and , puts such a strain on the fitting that leaks are also a problem . I bought 2 right angles , 3 two-inch pieces , and hose fittings and brought the fitting to the inside of the reel and it works fine now . Another problem is when you pull only a short section of hose off the reel , it keeps spinning and unreels the rest of the hose onto the floor.It will do , but certainly is no more than that . Definitely too high priced for what you get , and the modifications you have to make .
 Total junk , and what an inflated price ! I expected something much stronger . This thing is so wobbly , even after bolting into the ground with the skinny little tent stakes -LRB- yeah , THEY 'RE gon na hold it down in garden soil -RRB- , you have to stabilize it manually while you reel up the hose . It only weighs about 10 pounds . Do n't waste your money . Buy a plastic one with a heavy bottom -LRB- some you can fill with sand to keep them down -RRB- . This is eye candy , but not practical and very cheaply made .
 Well made but without the finishing touches . Sharp edges , rough turning mechanism . Lighter that you would expect - allowing it to scoot around as you pull out the hose as well as necessitating a foot on the base to hold it while you wind.Bolting it to a wall or floor would obviate the moving problem but not the sincerely rough cut edges of Entire unit.Pros
 I had the same experience as the previous 1 star user . This was a replacement for the identical product which lasted 7 years . This unit lasted 3 months -LRB- it beeped once occasionally even though the test was fine -RRB- . We replaced the battery , blew compressed air into the unit as is recommended in troubleshooting guides , to no avail . Unfortunately we no longer have the box to return it since it has a 5 year warranty .
 i purchased this item because it was the only hit for a replacement battery in amazon . i am overseas so i do not have a place to easily purchase a replacement battery for my dewalt . the battery does not fit well into the charger or the drill and it is an effort to make the battery `` drop in '' the charger and snap onto the drill . the first charge so far is not looking promising with clearly less current than the old battery i was replacing . save your money and spend a little extra time to find the original battery .
 I purchased a Korky Quietfill valve about 2 months ago and installed it following the instructions . After about 3 weeks I noticed the valve would continue to run ever so slightly even after it should have shut off . The running water sound was not a problem with the flapper because it was also brand new . Water was running into the overflow tube indicating the issue is definitely with the valve.I should mention the second toilet in my house is a Toto . Toto uses the same valve as the Korky -LRB- Lavelle Industries -RRB- . I 've owned the Toto for 6 years and have had to replace the fill cap on the toilet valve twice . When the fill cap starts to fail on a Korky it will cause water to still trickle through the valve which was exactly the same symptoms I was having with this new valve . Thinking my new Quietfill valve perhaps had a defective fill cap I went out and bought a replacement cap at Lowes . Replacing it returned the valve to normal operation but only for a short time . After several flushes I noticed the valve was once again still running . I tried emailing Korky 's customer service but did n't get much help from them . They just told me to insure the fill cap was securely tightened on top of the valve , which it was . They offered no explanation as to how or why a brand new Quietfill valve would be exhibiting this type of problem.In an effort to see if something else might be causing the issue I removed the valve from the toilet , disassembled it to insure no debris were clogging it , checked the adjustment , and reinstalled it . After 3 flushes the problem returned . Rather than mess with this thing any further I returned to the store today and picked up an MJSI Hydroclean 660 valve . It 's an updated design of the FluidMaster . The old Fluidmaster I had in my toilet ran reliably for 10 years without a single issue . I never had to replace ANY parts on it . Should 've stuck with them to begin with.Having had experience now with 2 Korky valves I can say I just do n't trust them . Nothing worse than leaving your house for an extended period only to discover your toilet valve has been running the entire time wasting water and possibly causing water damage to your home.Korky still has a way to go to make a reliable product in my opinion . .
 Six months ago , when we moved to our house , I replaced inner components of all 3 tanks with this brand -LRB- not just fill valve but every single component - all Korky - Levelle -RRB- . The two had been very problematic and required many hours of troubleshooting . Turned out to be that `` red rubber shut off valve '' was not sealing properly to shut off the water . I replaced them with replacement valves . This stopped the problem for a couple of weeks and the issue came back . So much for `` Made in USA '' and I wasted $ 60 some on this brand.Now , I replaced one with MJSI HC660 and in process of replacing the other one with the identical MJSI .
 I had a different kind of fill valve that was noisy and slow so I bought this to replace it . The Home Depot guy said it was good . It worked quietly and fast for only two months before water was running continuously . It would n't shut off the water . I decided to replace it and get the same one because it had to be a fluke that it quit . The second one worked for 1-1/2 weeks before the same problem . I emailed the company 's customer service and they claim my water must have `` debris '' in it . Yes , all the water here has minerals . We all have wells . Well water is n't as filtered but debris ? No debris . I would say do n't waste your money on this flimsy and finicky thing . I hope I can find a good old-fashioned valve somewhere .
 I set the water level about an inch lower than the standard level to save some water . I checked several hours later for leaks but noticed the water level was at the overflow stage . I reset the Korky a couple of times and each time it reached the overflow level . This product is a piece of junk and if you buy it you 're wasting your money as well as water .
 worked fine for a couple of weeks , then the valve started slowly leaking so the tank constantly has water spraying into it.Don ' t buy this product .
 I agree with Paul - Korky quiet fill should be avoided . I replaced everything on two toilets with Korky products . After three months the valve stopped turning off completely . Have had this happen on others over the years and this is the last time I use a Korky .
 It was great for about 2 weeks , then it started leaking , very quietly . Then it started squealing . The rubber part did not seal correctly . Replaced the entire fill valve portion and the same issue returned within two weeks . I thought it was the greatest thing when I first installed it , but since it does n't last more than a month , I must say that it is not a very good product .
 I purchased one of these at a local hardware store after my previous fill valve -LRB- a different brand -RRB- stopped working . The first few days it worked great , but then I noticed that after flushing it would not start filling the tank . To get it to start I have to hit the outside of the tank or take the lid off and hit the unit itself . Now it 's gotten to where when it starts filling , it wo n't stop!I have never thought something so simple as a fill valve for a toilet could be so stubborn or problematic . This is the first and last Korky product I will ever buy in my life , and I would return it but I ca n't find the receipt.And as for the `` quite fill '' bit , yeah it 's quite , but are n't all new fill valves quiet these days ?
 I had professional installation . Did ` nt last 2 months before water is running . It runs interminttenly and makes a stuttering sound . My guess is its made in China .
 The unit worked for about a month and then the valve would open and close reapeatedly after flushing till the tank was full which makes a repeating squeeking sound till the process is complete in about a minute . As this unit was in my guest bath , my guests would ask or inform me about it constantly . This appears to be a similar issue reported by other reviewers .
 The Korky 528 toilet fill valve box states that the valve fits all toilets . This valve DOES NOT work properly in TOTO brand toilets . Three weeks ago I purchased and installed a 528 valve and it initially appeared to work correctly but then I realized the bowl was not filling completely . This lack of water during the initial flush subsequently caused our pipes to clog and created a plumbing problem . I have subsequently found that Korky manufactures a special valve -LRB- 528T -RRB- for TOTO toilets at a substantially higher price -LRB- $ 26 -RRB- . I no longer have the packaging or receipt for the original valve so there is no possibility of returning it . I purchased a 528T today . Hopefully , it will work .
 Despite several attempts , I could not get a seal where the new valve/washer meets the tank -LRB- Kohler , not Low type -RRB- . Tried cleaning the tank , loosening and re-tightening the lock nuts -LRB- hand tight -RRB- , etc. . No luck . Never had this problem with Fluidmaster .
 Title says it all . Installed a new valve , and no water came out . Just had a customer call , that I installed one for last week , and said it keeps running . NICE
 I 've installed two of these . One `` sings '' and the flap cover does n't seal properly half the time I flush it . The other one has begin to stop the water flow about a 1/4 of the way to filling the toilette so the toilette ca n't flush . I 'm looking for an alternative , as these are not worth the money .
 Do n't bother with this product . I 've had to replace it for the 2nd time , this time after less than 8 months . The valve fails , and water just keeps running . If your time to replace a fill valve is worth more than $ 5 to you , avoid this worthless product .
 I bought the Korky water valve based on the premise that it would be quieter than my existing one . Installation was easy , but the first trials proved that it was not significantly different than the valve I was replacing in terms of noise . More disturbing was the fact that even after the water stopped filling I could hear the distinct noise of water flowing ever so slightly . It never stopped . I removed and re-installed it thinking that something was off . Same result , it never stopped flowing at the end of the fill cycle . After reading similar reviews here , I returned it to Home Depo and replaced it with a Fluidmaster one . Fluidmaster worked as expected on first try !
 Not that easy of an install , because it 's tricky to adjust the water level . At first the toilet would n't refill , so I did a google search to try to trouble search and found someone who said their 's -LRB- a different brand -RRB- would n't refill in the locked position . So I unlocked the valve and now it 's refilling , thankfully . But all this took a little while to figure out , about 45 min . - 1 hour to replace and get it to work . Hopefully , the ` unlocked ' status of the valve does n't cause any future problems . Oh , and it does n't seem that quiet either . You get what you pay for , I guess .
 I bought four of them to replace old ball and cock fill valves . Korky product worked only for about 3 weeks and water would not stop and continually leaked into overflow tube . I set the fill height well below the overflow tube when I installed.I replaced all the four with FLUIDMASTER and they are working well . I did call customer support and did go thru the troubleshooting before I gave up on Korky . Thank you !
 I have used 3 of these Korky Quite Fill toilet fill valve & flapper kits . 1st one I bought was because I wanted to see if it would actually be quieter than the original simple type of valve I had that lasted 7 years without any issues . It lasted about 6 months and it started making funky stop go noises until it filled the tank all the way . I called Lavelle industries because it comes with a 5 year warranty . They had me take the top section apart , put it together and worked for about 4 days . Called back again and was told to do the same and I said , `` hack no ! '' I ai n't doing this every single week , so Lavelle sent me another . Put that on , 2 weeks later , same thing ! Called to tell them that these valves are garbage and I needed to get my money back . They sent me a whole kit that is going back to Lowes for my money back ... I DO N'T RECOMMEND KORKY TO ANYONE !
 This is not a surge suppressor nor does it provide `` clean power '' . It is a basic surge PROTECTOR as the package says . This means that only if the voltage goes above a certain number will the protector kick in and pull your electronics off the circuit . As far as a basic surge protector goes , this one does n't seem too bad . Just know that it only a protector and does nothing to regulate or condition your voltage .
 I used an 880 to hook up my A/V equipment
 Heats the room well , not hard to install and not too loud , but the heating elements fail frequently -LRB- about once/year -RRB- .
 This battery performs OK as a battery and holds a charge reasonably well , but does not last as long on a single charge as the real DeWalt DW9061 -LRB- especially the XR version -RRB- . The one really poor aspect of this battery is the design of the clips for locking and releasing the battery in the power tool . The clips do n't release very easily for removing the battery and I have to resort to pliers and a screwdriver to convince it to come out . It 's a real pain and not worth the few bucks saved - buy a DeWalt battery and save yourself the aggravation .
 I used this on my 9-ft wide wood garage door . I drilled holes into the two aluminum track so I can screw them into bottom of the garage door . Had to brush talcum powder into the groove to slide the vinyl piece through the whole 9-foot expanse , and stretched the vinyl in the process . When I had the standard vinyl seal that Home Depot & Lowes sell for wood garage doors , the garage door closed with a small gap -LRB- 1/3 '' high , 2 inch wide -RRB- on the right end of the door . After I ripped out the old seal -LRB- sigh -RRB- and installed this , I now have a 1/2 '' high , 4 inch wide gap on the opposite end of the door ???!!! . Still working on how to remove that darn gap ?
 The poor packaging is a clue to how lousy this product is . No screws were included and there were no pre-drilled holes in the aluminum track . The rubber insert is thin and arrived very bent out of shape . For this kind of money , it 's a terrible value and I would describe it as an insufficient solution to the problem you want to solve . Far better -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- would be a think rubber seal with an angled forward edge . Save your money . Forget this product . If this is supposed to be one of M-D 's better products , I question their entire line of products . Mine is going to be returned , that 's for sure .
 This product is packaged in such a way that when you try to slide the rubber piece -LRB- seal -RRB- into the aluminum guide it is very difficult because there was a permanent crease in the rubber seal which prevented it from going into the groove of the aluminum guide . Even without the crease it was extremely difficult to slide the rubber piece through the channel . After it had been mounted for about a week the rubber seal came out of the channel and is now hanging down in the middle of the garage door . Also , I wish I had known that the screws used to attach the seal to the door required a hex driver -LRB- not a regular flat blade or Phillips head screwdriver -RRB- , which I did n't have available at the time so I ended up nailing the aluminum strip to the door -LRB- I ca n't wait until I have to rip it off the door -RRB- .
 Bought this kit in order to attempt to repair an older Eljer `` Touch Flush '' toilet . The style of the Eljer uses a plastic bracket mounted to the tank bolt in order to secure the flapper . This mount had snapped , and in order to attempt to repair this toilet * without * removing the tank , I purchased this kit . The kit installed fine . I cleaned the surfaces as directed and the parts adhered without issue . However , after a month of regular use , the seal began to leak . I do not use any chemicals in the bowl of the tank , but rather it appears the act of flushing the toilet was enough to break the seal . This may be an issue with the design of these older Eljer toilets and the amount of water pressure against the flapper . Regardless , the seal did not hold up . I have discarded this kit and removed the tank to install a new Eljer mount/flapper .
 The design of this unit at first had me inpressed . It is VERY straight forward and simple . The putty ring at the bottom is designed to fit a mutitude of toilet rings in a variety of materials.I had this thing installed in 3 minutes ! Very happy ! but why 2 stars ?? Well , after about 30 flushes the seal does not hold and the unit runs full open all day long ! A quick re-seat of the putty rings works for only a day or two.I am in the tank every day . Replacing this thing tonight.So 1 Star for a good idea , 1 star for not ripping me off ... but get a better system for attachment.I would not recommend this .
 Unit arrived with PVC joint unglued -- burst apart the first time I put water pressure to it . Also , the little jet head that was supposed to swivel was simply crimped into the aluminum tube and frozen tight.The seller was most accomodating and sent me another unit . This time the swivel head swiveled , but the PVC joint was STILL not glued together . I glued it myself with PVC cement , but have n't tried it out yet . It may yet do what I need , but way too much hassle .
 Fluidmaster makes some of the best valves for toilets on the market . In fact , Fluidmaster redefined the toilet tank water valve , did away with the old ball floats and gave us positive water shutoff , all in one compact upright unit that will work without failure till the cows come home.Some major toilet manufacturers have adopted Fluidmaster valves for their toilets . They must feel that they ca n't beat Fluidmaster at the valve game , and so joined them.This repair kit has some outstanding features . It will fit ANY toilet tank . It has a little bowl attached to the flapper . Full of water the bowl acts as a counterbalance and holds the flapper open to allow a longer flush . You can even adjust the little drain holes in the bowl to affect how long the flapper stays open . A very functional and worthy feature , one that illustrates the inventiveness up there at Fluidmaster.Why , then , did this formidable hands-down expert on the insides of toilet tanks add two parts to this assembly that would guarantee the flapper would fail repeatedly and often ? The parts are so incidental that they could not affect the cost of manufacture at all . They are :1 . The plastic chain that connects the flapper to the flush lever has coarse , open links , and it FLOATS . So when the toilet is flushed and begins to refill , the slack in the chain , busily floating around on the rising water , often snags on things it encounters . It will even occasionally throw a loop in itself . These events shorten the effective length of the chain and hold the flapper open .2 . The large clip that attaches the chain to the flush lever is much too large for the purpose . It is long enough to get flipped over during a flush and hang the flapper in the open position . Another defect in the clip is an end bent out to allow easy fastening of the chain . That bent-out end often snags a link in the floating chain.There are many ways for this item to malfunciton , so it happens often -- once in 20 flushes at least ! When it does , you have a wide-open water valve . Once I left a toilet in this state undiscovered overnight and my water bill jumped $ 40 that month . In all , I 'd guess my excessive water costs laid to this product 's malfunctions have been over $ 200 , easy.So , if you take my advice and avoid the Fluidmaster kit , what do you do ? If your toilet is so outdated that you ca n't find for it a flapper assembly made by Chicago or someone else , it deserves to be retired . So do what I finally did and get a new toilet.The new 1.5 gals-per-flush toilets can be bought starting at little over $ 100 -LRB- less than I 've spent on water down the drain -RRB- , and a new toilet will make you smile every time you walk into the bathroom . You do n't notice how weary-looking something has become until it 's replaced with a shiny new one . You 'll no longer have to work in this thing -LRB- and malfunctions have a way of happening when you have company -RRB- . Most any do-it-yourselfer can install a toilet -- a water line connection , two hold-down bolts -LRB- replace with brass -RRB- and a wax ring . After installation , adjust the filler valve until it fills almost to the overfill tube , thereby allowing it to use another quart or two of water . These new designs throw the water into a positive swirl to flush much much more efficiently than the old kind , and do so with much less water . Another advantage to using less water is that they refill in no time .
 It is a kind of product designed for particular situation , and for other situations , it probably has to be thrown to trash can if it can not be refunded.First , this is not just snap-in type of flapper , but it uses sticky water sealant ring to stick into , so if you do n't do it properly , it is a design that could allow leakage.Let 's say you can do that properly . The flapper has to be installed so that it moves different angle than original way as it has its own hinge mechanism . So you need to find space in you toilet water tank that would allow the movement in a direction it is not designed for.On top of that , it has a bulky timing cup attached on top of the moving flapper , so your toilet water tank has to have even more room , and because of this cup , you can not just use flapper without the hinge the usual way.In my regular size toilet , I realize that there is just no room with floater in the tank after I opened the package to try out . I am not sure if I can even refund it after I applied the sticky sealant ring and it would not come off easily . If you are worried about the space , do not buy it.I tried to replace the old one because the old flapper tries to save water and prematurely shut off water , asking for 2nd flush consuming more water . Does toilet flapper have to be imported from Germany or some foreign country too ? Ca n't they make a really functional one here ? I would pay double the price if it really works .
 I ordered this product and it arrived with missing pieces and -LRB- mispacked , I think ? -RRB- with the incorrect pieces . I was unable to assemble it and , upon calling the manufacturer , I was either a -RRB- on hold or b -RRB- hung up on . It was almost like they had no one manning their phones -LRB- I called during business hours . -RRB- I would not recommend ordering this product and I would think twice before ordering from this vendor .
 I have used this kit on several toilet repairs over the last 10 years . I kept getting it because I found it has the best design for adjusting the length of flush over any other design I have tried . However , after reading Doug 's review , I realized that all these years I have been struggling with the plastic chain problem and large hook problem exactly as he has described them . If you do n't want to risk running your well dry I suggest you avoid this kit until Fluidmaster replaces the plastic chain with a metal one .
 I did n't have quite the same problem as other reviewers ... The 555C comes with a `` no wait drain seat sealant '' , which is basically a pliable rubber -LRB- like hard chewing gum -RRB- . The sealant might work well on brass drain seats , but I could not get the rubber to create a tight seal around my pvc drain seat -LRB- even after several tries -RRB- . My toilet actually leaked worse after installing this 555C . If you are just repairing a slow leak around the flapper , skip this product , and try this
 Lasted six months with light use . Did not hold a charge . Cheap and you get what you paid for . Not recommended .
 Well , Needed a battery for my makita drill . Saw the ads and reviews . Bought an Ultralast UL9615 . Ran Great for 2 months , and dropped dead to `` 0 '' volts . Will do nothing just like the importer . They are braindead . Do not back their products . These batteries are `` JUNK '' . Just go to home depot , buy this with the makita name -LRB- $ 39.95 -RRB- , and it will last 3-4 years . TJK Morgantown , Pa. .
 This battery is so lame ! It 's easily half the weight of an original Mikita battery . It 's usefulness is proportionate . I have a 15 year old original battery that STILL outlasts this cheap off-brand replacement by double . This is a classic case of price shopping rather than quality brand shopping . The error I committed by making such a purchase is all too obvious now . I was blinded by a false low price and ALMOST purchased two , which would be TWO TOO MANY!The only reason this product gets ONE star is because there is nothing lower . An original Mikita battery is equally heavy from one end to the other - while this hunk of junk is only `` heavy '' at one end - meaning the case is partly empty with a substandard amount of battery . THIS they do n't tell us in the ad listing . This is anything but satisfactory -LRB- from when first purchased -RRB- and is NOT EVEN `` equivalent '' . Amazon would not allow me to express my true feelings in much stronger `` sailor '' language . Also it was not posted as to country of origin .
 We had this unit installed for a little over a year . Had a terrible time installing the unit . We had to purchase a special socket to be able to install . Had problems with water volume , even though we cleaned it throughly several times . Had problems with the wand retracting . The adjustment of the bracket for the faucet was so delicate to make this work we finally quite pulling it out . We had problems getting the water to shut off completely . FINALLY , we had had enough when I turned the water on one day and the handle fell off in my hands . The mechanism was made of a light weight plastic . We went to plumbing supplier and they said they had numerous returns on the unit . We then purchased a Kohler faucet and are very happy with the unit . We have had nothing but problems with MOEN faucets , in the kitchen or bathroom . I would not recommend them to anyone .
 I 've had this unit installed for about 3 years . Within the first 10 weeks of use , hairline cracks developed on the handle around the spray toggle switch , and have grown worse over time.In addition , the faucet housing is loose on the base -- it can be easily rocked back & forth . I 've tried to tighten it , and even had 2 plumbers look at it ; neither were able to do more than hand-tighten it , due to an odd configuration of hot and cold water lines that suuround the washer bolt holding the faucet to the base from beneath , which prevents any conventional tool to access the bolt.Other than that , the unit works fine and is an attractive , ergonomic design .
 I purchased this faucet 8 years ago when I built my home and had to completely replace it once . I had trouble with the second one too . The on and off handle broke at the base . I find the spout handle hard to get back into the holder once you remove it . The white piece at the top of the spout cracked and you must have really good water pressure to keep it in spray mode . Personally , I wish I would have spent the extra $ 100 and gotten a better quailty brand . I also purchased faucets with the white coating over the metal for my bathrooms and it cracked -LRB- more like crazed -RRB- . I do give Moen an A + for customer service though , they were wonderful .
 When we bought our house it came with this faucet unfortunatly it broke -LRB- about 1 year later , 4 years old -RRB- was running water very badly , had to turn off the water and we went shopping . We bought another thinking the one we had was just a lemon . Not even 6 mos later this one started dripping we went to the hardware store we had to buy a washer set . -LRB- NOTE the store had a bunch of sets of 2 this made us question if this was a problem we asked and was told yes -RRB- To date it leaks every once in while and we have to keep replacing the washers !
 Not only was the moen customer service unresponsive , at the end they charged me afortune saying that I was not the original owner and life time warranty does not apply . I purchased it from them b , cos these faucets are expensive . I am disappointred .
 Call Moen at 1-800-289-6636 . They have a very helpful and knowledgeable call center . Discuss your problem with them . If your problem warrants it , they will send you a new cartridge at no charge . Shipping is free . Just got 2 cartridges for the 2 sinks in my bathroom - they arrived within a week .
 I live in a region where the water is very hard with lots of carbonate dissolved salts . Within a very few years all of my Moen faucets began sticking . I 've replaced several cartridges with new ones and they did the same thing . These faucets were not leaking , just sticking . Upon closer examination of the cartridge I see it is composed of two main parts
 Item was delivered and I installed it OK but it started leaking within a year.I think I 'll just buy a different brand of faucet ...
 After 2 years of normal use , our Moen single-handle kitchen faucet became increasingly sticky . Went to Home Depot and was given the plastic replacement cartridge exactly like the one shown above , free of charge.After watching the Youtube video and following the included repair instructions to a tee , I swivelled the cartridge back and forth using the included plastic repair tool and an adjustable wrench . Instead of loosening the cartridge , this action sheared off the plastic middle part of the cartridge and left the cartridge stuck in place . All I was able to pull out was the cartridge stem.Without the outrageously overpriced cartridge puller and being stuck with an inoperative kitchen faucet , I decided to replace the faucet with a Moen two-handle Adler 87412 faucet because it uses the same valves as our problem-free bathroom sink faucets.Needless to say , I 'm done with single-handle faucets PERIOD !
 I had to replace a cartridge on a new Moen faucet that was only 18 months old and at first Home Depot was all out of 1225 so they gave me a substitute that leaked after I waisted my time then I went to another hardware and purchased a Moen 1225 . I wrote to them regarding the leak in less than a year and half but they never replied . On the internet some other brands make it so easy to see instructions on replacement procedures but with Moen you have to click all over to get somewhere . Also the instruction inside the cartridge is not the best . I used to change cartridges when the faucets were simple and you just pull out the cover on top , the clip , made a half turn and was done in a couple of minutes , good luck if you put back in some pieces in reverse -LRB- They look alike on both sides but it will leak if not put in correctly ! -RRB- . No more Moen in my house for the future.Franco Martiradonna
 While these are made by Moen , they are either seconds or old stock . After 3-4 months , the lubrication goes away and it is difficult to operate the faucet . I thought the price was very good compared to Home Depot , and now I know why .
 I bought one of these korky brand flappers and the rubber dissolved completely after 2 years , coming disconnected from the support . There should be a product recall . If the house happens to be empty when it falls apart -LRB- like a vacation house -RRB- you cold be stuck with a nasty water bill .
 The instructions say that you can bend the plastic piece to fit inside the tank , well , it broke when I tried bending it . The company wo n't respond to emails either .
 It seemed to be well built but after I installed it and opened the door a few times the seams where it was put together seperated.It was poorly joined together . I repaired it with some small screws .
 We purchased the Ironaway A42 for our new home construction . It was the most disappointing purchase to date . It is extremely difficult to operate and the mechanism to hold the iron in place is flimsy . The mirror on the door is nice and good quality . The light is n't really helpful and the timer for the iron is very low tech . I would not recommend the product and the price is steep .
 I tried using this blade to cut Hardilap siding . It got hot quickly -LRB- very thin blade -RRB- after one or two cutsand started to wobble causing ragged cuts . I bought a CMT blade for $ 20 and it was farbetter , it made clean cuts . Very diappointed with blade , worthless .
 Clunky , hard to open and close , and a tad fatter than this item used to be . My original lasted and lasted ... but recently was lost . Truly miss it compared to this one .
 I ordered this tool because the model # listed is supposed to ship with Hardi Blade . This can be verified at the Hitachi web site . I received the model with out the `` H '' as in C7YA which includes the general contractor blade . I called customer service they sent me another - next day . Not only was it the same C7YA withOUT the right blade . Even better -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- it must have been previously returned - mixture of different packaging tape and someone wrote with a sharpie the suffix `` H '' after the C7YA.I 'll give it 4 stars when I get the propper blade.I think someone has the wrong tool in inventory , because I ca n't find just the C7YA on the amazon site .
 In my 59 years as a farm boy and then an engineer , I 've seen some poorly designed products ... and this one needs some work . Our water quality is quite good but my hydrants eventually begin to weep after it is shut down . I was sold these with the assurance by the sales person that the working/moving parts could be serviced above-ground . NOT-SO . The stem was so well stuck that I was sure that I was going to break it if I pulled any harder . So I reassembled the unit and worked the handle and adjusted the tension until it finally quit leaking . That is the last time I 've used either of the units . Now these exist as legacy waste on my farm and a lesson learned . Do n't buy these unless you want to dig them out of the ground after 3-4 years . Bad Product .
 Now I realize this is stated someplace in the description . . but I missed it andfrankly I expect it to be provided . I 've busted my pipe trying to replacethe filter . . very frustrating . I 've looked around and ca n't find the filter wrenchbut no luck . Yesterday I finally just yanked it and picked up one from the local home improvement store . . and that one HAS a wrench . Honestly it 's plastic and costs them little so it 's ridiculous not to provide one . -LRB- I 'm not talking about a normal box or open end wrench . It 's the circular ` wrench ' that 's needed to change the filter cartridge . Home improvement stores do NOT carry this -RRB-
 These bulbs do not last very long . While they are a good price in the end you spend the same amount as other longer lasting brands .
 Had these for quite a while ... bought them thinking why not save some money over the more expensive versions . But I replace three of these after they burn out for every one Malibu bulb I replace . Spending a lot more in the long run , not to mention the hassle of frequent bulb replacement .
 If you 're looking to remove the screws for a ps3 hdd replacement , do n't . This screwdriver does not work . I 'm only downrating it because it did n't work , not that this is a bad tool . The handle feels nice , but it was n't for me ... The only way to get them out our pliers , trust me
 The scoreboard socket pictured is Cooper product number 732-3 . The seller sent me sockets with Cooper product number 732 . The 732 socket has a hook on the back and is not the snap-in type that is pictured on Amazon . The seller promptly refunded my money and told me to keep the sockets . Be careful however as the seller did not stock the 732-3 snap-in socket and I had to order them elsewhere . Either the seller or Amazon should correct the picture to avoid this issue in the future .
 The system sounded very convenient . I was willing to deal with not-so-stable drilling . I 'm not that picky - I have really used only one other `` regular '' -LRB- non quick change -RRB- set of drill bits . You can just forget drilling any wood harder than balsa . You can lean into these junkers , does n't matter what you do with torque or speed , they just never go in . Change to one of my `` regular '' bits - it 's like night and day . You would n't believe it if you did n't try it . The bits must be made of the softest , cheapest metal anywhere . I wonder if they were even sharp to begin with . Forget it , spend the money , buy a good brand , buy the accessories separately . This set is cheap , not a good deal . Stay away.The quick change stuff wobbles a lot , I guess one would expect that . It 's workable , not ideal .
 The drivers and accessories are fine , but the drill bits are out of round and of very poor quality . Expected much more from Dewalt .
 I had some older rolls -LRB- as in years -RRB- of this product that I had bought locally from a big box store , which I used occasionally . When my last roll ran out I could no longer find it locally so I ordered them though Amazon . The arrived quickly , but the product is not worth anything . The adhesive will not stick to anything but the smoothest and cleanest surface , much unlike the older rolls I had . Do n't bother buying this product unless you like throwing your money away .
 This product goes up easy and falls right off . Post-it notes adhere better . You ca n't get the paint ready to roll on before the tape is on the floor . It is worthless .
 This tape reflected light very well at nighttime , however it did not have a fluorescent characteristic that would be important during the daytime and which is important to me and I hoped that it would . I continue to look for a tape which incorporates both characteristics .
 This tape is not reflective like a bicycles reflector . It is more like shiny new car paint . Not very reflective at all = /
 I was looking for the kind of tape that reflects light so thoroughly that it almost seems to glow in the dark by itself . This tape unfortunately only reflects quite a direct and bright light so it is not as useful . I have the tape on my canes and walkers to make me more visible to cars . It does some good I am sure , but not as much as I expected .
 Not REFLECTIVE at all , took it out of the packaging , ... and dissappointed with it immediatley.it looks like regular red tape.i 'm returning it .
 Too Heavy . Too `` shakey '' ... vibrates a lot . Gets too hot . Not so ergonomic . Bad tool . Milwaukee sawzall is much better .
 The part I received was not a Moen 1200 cartridge part but a `` made in China '' look alike . I installed it and after a week it was very hard to operate . I replaced it with a real Moen 1200 cartridge and every works perfectly .
 I purchased the cartridges in June 2011 . By the beginning of October 2011 they are so hard to turn on or off or adjust that they are almost unusable . The original Moen parts lasted for 33 years . When I contacted the supplier , they suggested sending them back for replacement . However , they did n't bother to explain what I should do for baths or showers for a couple of weeks with no shower or bath faucets . It 's 20 miles to the closest post office , who 's going to cover my fuel cost & return postage ? Stay away from these parts , buy direct from Moen .
 I ordered one of these on November 1st , 2012 to replace a plastic stem in our Moen bathroom sink faucet which kept requiring an o-ring replacement or lubrication . I thought maybe being a Genuine Moen part , and of brass construction the sealing valve surfaces for the moving O-rings would be of higher quality and not need such frequent attention . This sink gets a lot of warm water usage , dozens of cycles on this valve every day.As of February 17 , 2013 this stem is already worn out , and presents extreme resistance to pulling the faucet handle . I removed it and carefully pulled the inner stem out and cleaned and lubricated it with FDA approved silicone grease , and re-assembled it . It does n't leak , but it is still hard to pull and actually squeaks when pushed closed . The sealing o-rings look like new , but since half the O-ring seals in this model are mounted inside the barrel into grooves , instead of having all of them mounted in grooves on the removable stem -LRB- stupid design !! -RRB- it would be very difficult to try to remove the hidden o-rings and get a new set installed without scratching the brass in the process , which could lead to premature damage of any newly installed o-rings . So I am replacing this piece of junk and going back to the cheap plastic style of stem . At least those CAN be serviced , after which they work very well for several months , until their o-rings wear out and need to be replaced and re-greased . Of course , if Moen could simply make a faucet that did not NEED all this attention , I would not be in this predicament . But at least this lasts longer than the lousy single handle Delta model it replaced .
 Did not last 3 months . Do yourself a favor and buy a genuine Moen replacement . My prior replacement lasted almost 15 years .
 In removing the cartridge , the guts came out , not the brass barell , And it is on the shower in my motor home , with a fiber glass stall.So how can I get it out to install the new Cartridge ?????? My Hole Motor home has Moen , they are great untill you have to replace parts , and there are NO instructions , And no new clips , so for me it was a 200 mi . around trip for 3 sets of clips from LOWES . . In Yuma AZ. . I live in Mexico on the beach and I do n't like driving up to the U.S. for part ... Some One let my know how to get the barell out ... Thanks Al Brandon
 I 'm 6 ' 8 '' and 325 . These gloves are tight and little hard to get on . As with so many gloves of this style that I have tried on , the size ratings are way off . These equal size `` large '' and NOT 3XL . I am still looking for gloves that fit . The best so far have been from Home Depot for about $ 17 `` FG '' `` All Purpose '' XL are a bit larger than these and are very comfortable to wear all day . Unfortunately they start wearing out after about a month .
 I ordered a xs size . The gloves are tagged with that size but must have been mixed up at factory . I have 4 other pairs if same size but these are quite a bit larger than others . They do not fit correctly . I will not purchase them from amazon again .
 These are great work gloves . They are the closest feeling to working with your hands without gloves . However , they do n't last long . The fingertips of my gloves started to tear after 2 months of intermediate use . If you 're not doing any heavy work that requires heavy duty gloves it might be more economical to buy a box of nitrile disposable gloves .
 I have been using these gloves for the past 6 years . I usually buy 2-3 pair at a time . Having worn out my gloves I wanted to purchase more so i bought these from Amazon . They are NOT the same as the original , the cuff is shorter and the cuff strap is shorter . The result is the glove is not as comfortable . In fact it looks like they have almost eliminated the cuff . They should not be represented as the same as the original glove . It looks like the bean counters have been at work . My fist pair was made in China & the pair I just purchased was made in Vietnam . Will be looking for better quality and fit in the future .
 As far as size goes they are pretty close just a touch small but overall a good fit.HOWEVER they will not last if you do any kind of real work with them after just 2 days using them they began to come apart at the seam . This occurs along the sides of the fingers every time -LRB- my second pair , to make a fair judgement -RRB- and for about 20 bucks a pair they are pretty poor quality .
 This is the first time I 've worn out the velcro patch , before putting a hole in the `` business end . '' The fat piece of rubber gets caught on everything , pulling the glove open and wearing the velcro out . There is n't much to speak of for a wrist cuff , so I found myself pulling the gloves off to remove crumbs more often , wearing the velcro out . Unless you work with your hands pointing straight up , all the time , expect it . Back to the fat rubber strap
 I had a cheap couple of gloves which lasted for about two weeks , so I thought I 'd buy these since they got good reviews . In less than a week my finger tips were coming out because the gloves were getting ripped . I work at a warehouse of a printing company in the shipping department so I handle boxes not knives ... Completely dissapointed wo n't buy this brand again .
 Hole in gloves upon arrival.When checking into return procedures , purchaser had to pay for return postage , restocking fee and postage if item was replaced . Gloves cost around $ 25 and would 've doubled easily through fees + postage . Never again .
 A height adjustable threshodld is a great product , and although this one has a great finish there is a design flaw in that it depends on locking washers to support the riser . However , these washers are not strong enough to withstand the weight of an adult stepping on the riser without collapsing down to the lowest setting . Someone on homedepot.com made the same comments but I found them too late . I took the washers out and created some blocks to hold the riser up . It looks great and seals up my door perfectly when coupled with the M-D door bottom , but it is no longer and adjustable unit .
 I have three motion detecting sprinklers , two made by Contech -LRB- ScareCrow -RRB- and one by Havahart . Both of them are excellent for repelling deer -LRB- two years of experience with high deer pressure -RRB- but the Contech ScareCrow is more dependable . Although the Scarecrow sprinkler is more expensive , it is worth the price . The Havahart does not come with a guarantee other than a 30 day return policy whereas the Contech ScareCrow sprinkler has a two year warranty and they stand behind it . I had one fail after 22 months of use and they replaced it promptly . Also the motion detecting range , sensitivity , and adjustment is more stable and dependable in the Contech ScareCrow . The only time I 've not had the ScareCrow work was during a period of very high humidity during some rainy weather when it failed to go off during a period of less than a day . On the other hand the Havahart motion sprinker is much more erratic in its performance and sometimes fails to work for brief periods .
 It was great at beginning . After one month the whole thing out of work . I thought may be the battery was out . When I opened the unit it looked horrible . The battery connecter was rusted and broken because the connecter is in the water all the time .
 There was a lot of water seeping out from where I attached the hose . I applied some teflon tape and it seems to have worked . I do not believe a product thats costs as much as this should need anything more in order to get it to work correctly .
 The motion activated spraying worked fine . However the connection of a watering hose to the unit leaked constantly . I tried 2 differnet hoses , then added a hose washer into the threaded portion of the unit , then tried using teflon plumbing tape on the end or the watering hose threads . None of those worked . The unit leaked noticeably at the hose connection and was a constant waste of water .
 This product works less than half the time . We installed it about a month ago . Now the geese walk real slow so that the motion beams are not tripped and they walk right up to the back patio to eat my grass and leave me little `` presents '' all in my yard . This morning , one goose was actually drinking the water sprayed from the Havahart 5265 Spray Away Motion Activated Water Repellent . They have gotten used to the spray and some even wait out the 8 second delay or get behind the chairs on my porch to wait out the 2 second spray then continue to eat and **** in my yard . They even circumvent the whole system . -LRB- We installed 2 -RRB- We have even moved the system around to fool them which has not worked either . Thanks but no thanks . I would not recommend this as now I have more than 40 geese take up residence since it was installed .
 The product came in assembled wrong . It sprayed all the time . I had to disassemble it and change the valve spring assemble position on the electric valve piston .
 I have bought several Havahart sprinklers and after a few months they stop working . I 've done everything In the owner 's manual , but they just wo n't work . I contacted the company , but they could care less and they not only wo n't tell you how to repair them , but they do n't sell repair parts . I guess it 's just as well because they ignored me when I asked them what the problem could be . They just wanted to sell me more . I had already spent hundreds of dollars with Havahart so I checked out their competition , Scarecrow . Finally I got a product that works without consistently breaking down . I now have several Scarecrows and they all work just fine . I also have several Havahart 's dead in my garage . My opinion is , `` HAVAHART DOES N'T HAVE-A-HEART .
 Needs a new battery every two weeks . In two weeks , the sprinkler works about 12 times . Does not detect cats , but always detects me .
 I had high hopes for this product , based on the reviews , but either mine is defective , or it does n't work as I hoped . First I tried to run it off my pond pump , but there 's not enough pressure there . So , I ran a hose across the yard to test it . It has enough pressure now , but the sensor does n't work correctly . It seems to go off at random times for no reason , but wo n't activate if I walk in front of it , or wave a stick . It seems as if it goes into a sleep mode after about 10 mins and wo n't go off unless you hit it with something . I 've tried all settings and tried resetting it , but no success .
 Not at all worth the money . I would not recommend this product at all . Two units were ordered , and only one sort of worked for a little while . Not impressed with this product and the very high cost for what it is is outrageous .
 I thought The Havahart 5265 Spray Away would be the answer to keeping the rabbits off my lawn . Not so . I have adjusted it ; moved it to several different locations ; changed the sensitivities and No Luck with keeping those rabbits away.I purchased two of these . One for each side of the house.I believe the problem is that the rabbits are too small and close to the ground so they do n't trigger the motion detector . This product will probably work on larger animals that do n't go `` Under the Radar `` If you are purchasing this product specificallyHavahart 5265 Spray Away Motion-Activated Water Repellentfor rabbits , it wo n't work .
 I have a major infestation of raccoons in my backyard and purchased this in the hopes of discouraging them . It was not to be . Apparently , they like a nice cold shower as the digging in my lawn was deepest near the Spray Away . I am sure the product works as advertised , it just does n't help against raccoons .
 It worked once , when we first hooked it up . Then , once we positioned it , it has n't functioned since .
 Now when I think of a scarecrow , I have the image of a hooded man in blue jeans with a dirty shirt with old underpants tied to his head . Not this stupid thing . It 's a piece of metal arm that does n't look like it could frighten a tin man . So right out of the box I was n't too impressed.I also put Coyote urine in the liquid container instead of water since water does n't scare thirsty animals away . It 's supposed to `` spray off '' anything nearby but it only hit me when I went to check it . I stunk like Coyote urine for about 2 months since Coyote urine does n't come off unless you douse yourself in cans of tomato juice.After a few months of use , I found my garden pillaged by rodents , beetles , prarie hogs , birds , buzzards , rabbits , mice , lizards and pestilent frogs . Take my advice , build yourself a chicken farm instead .
 I purchased this unit to scare the deer . It worked for about 2 weeks , then worked only a little for another 3 days , then Stopped entirely.A lot of money for 2 weeks worth of ??????
 I 've used both - the Havahart sprinkler and the Contech ScareCrow . This version is a clunky , less reliable version of the ScareCrow .
 We 've bought 10 of these over 5 years and have 2 that are still working.When they stop working I take them apart and have found that half the time the solenoids fail , half the time the sensor/board fails . Yes , I have swapped parts , but the failure rate is so high that on average you get 2 seasons tops .
 I purchased this to deter cats , so far I have gotten the mailman and UPS driver , it will not sense a small animal , you can not lower it less than the stake or angle it down or it will not work at all.If you want to get people or cows then this is for you .
 I tried this to keep the coons from destroying the bird feeders while I slept . I had no such luck , and managed to get myself wet more often than the coons . They are persistent little bastards for sure . I moved it all around and tried just about everything , but in the end it just did n't help . Amazon sells a driveway alarm sensor that chimes when the eye notices movement for under $ 15 . Its really loud and I can hear it all around the house . I placed the sensor on the fence and when the coons came over the fence to get the bird feeders , it chimed and woke me up . I combined that with the -LRB- Amazon $ 50 -RRB- Crossman 1077 CO2 air rifle and that seems to have solved my problem . I open up the bedroom window just enough to stick the barrel out and I get them every time . I was getting woken up every other night for the first week , but now its been months since I heard it chime . I thought the batteries were dead , so I tested it and its still going strong . So while wasting water may seem like a good solution , the only thing that has worked for me is a high powered pellet gun . Pellets are n't going to kill a raccoon , but it will sting and they will think twice about entering your yard .
 2XL only is not acceptable . There are Way too many foreign countries working for Tiny wages and expertise to make this product in the basic sizes . Only having something that is for Small Giants and Beer Bellies is Not acceptable . It is silly , actually .
 I was disappointed when I received this Price Pfister handheld shower 16-100A . I thought Price Pfister was a higher end name and was n't aware they produced cheap stuff like this . Particularly the slide bar , hubs , and slide mechanism are all plastic . I 'm not optimistic that this unit will last very long without breaking .
 The bulb on our vacuum had been dead for some time . Rather than track down a Sears and cough up some $ 5 + , we decided to take a chance on this bulb . It fits perfectly and comes out at half the price - even with shipping ! For the curious , we are using it for Kenmore replacement bulb 20-5240 . -- UPDATE -- Although the bulb fit , it burned out within a week of use . Might have been a bad bulb or might just not be designed for the vibrations of brush .
 I purchased two of these bulbs for a Kenmore vacuum . Although they fit , and light up , they only last one use . I do n't beleive they can handle all the vibration and moving around from the beater bar .
 this is the only wax ring i have ever purchased that doesnt come with a set of bolts to secure the toilet to the flange . the wax ring also had a small crack , which was easily repaired prior to installation.i can not recommend this product .
 Hole in gloves upon arrival.When checking into return procedures , purchaser had to pay for return postage , restocking fee and postage if item was replaced . Gloves cost around $ 25 and would 've doubled easily through fees + postage . Never again .
 I had a cheap couple of gloves which lasted for about two weeks , so I thought I 'd buy these since they got good reviews . In less than a week my finger tips were coming out because the gloves were getting ripped . I work at a warehouse of a printing company in the shipping department so I handle boxes not knives ... Completely dissapointed wo n't buy this brand again .
 As far as size goes they are pretty close just a touch small but overall a good fit.HOWEVER they will not last if you do any kind of real work with them after just 2 days using them they began to come apart at the seam . This occurs along the sides of the fingers every time -LRB- my second pair , to make a fair judgement -RRB- and for about 20 bucks a pair they are pretty poor quality .
 These are great work gloves . They are the closest feeling to working with your hands without gloves . However , they do n't last long . The fingertips of my gloves started to tear after 2 months of intermediate use . If you 're not doing any heavy work that requires heavy duty gloves it might be more economical to buy a box of nitrile disposable gloves .
 I have been using these gloves for the past 6 years . I usually buy 2-3 pair at a time . Having worn out my gloves I wanted to purchase more so i bought these from Amazon . They are NOT the same as the original , the cuff is shorter and the cuff strap is shorter . The result is the glove is not as comfortable . In fact it looks like they have almost eliminated the cuff . They should not be represented as the same as the original glove . It looks like the bean counters have been at work . My fist pair was made in China & the pair I just purchased was made in Vietnam . Will be looking for better quality and fit in the future .
 I 'm 6 ' 8 '' and 325 . These gloves are tight and little hard to get on . As with so many gloves of this style that I have tried on , the size ratings are way off . These equal size `` large '' and NOT 3XL . I am still looking for gloves that fit . The best so far have been from Home Depot for about $ 17 `` FG '' `` All Purpose '' XL are a bit larger than these and are very comfortable to wear all day . Unfortunately they start wearing out after about a month .
 This is the first time I 've worn out the velcro patch , before putting a hole in the `` business end . '' The fat piece of rubber gets caught on everything , pulling the glove open and wearing the velcro out . There is n't much to speak of for a wrist cuff , so I found myself pulling the gloves off to remove crumbs more often , wearing the velcro out . Unless you work with your hands pointing straight up , all the time , expect it . Back to the fat rubber strap
 I thought this was the correct reusable filter for the Shop Vac 4 gallon All-Around model . It did n't seem to fit . There 's nothing wrong with the filters . They came on time and have no defects . I probably did something wrong .
 Be advised FWIW , the bulk pack , in no retail packaging filters I received were not Shop-Vac brand as the listing states . Also , despite the company knowing their listing is in error , you will not receive one , let alone the three retaining rings mentioned in the listing . Just a few weeks ago I paid $ 4.40 here on Amazon with Free ship after $ 25 , now they are up nearly 2 bux ... That is simply gouging , and along with poor , snarky QS from Crucial vac , and known product deception , I 'd look elsewhere .
 Go to Harbor Freight to by three bags for less that $ 3.00 . The Shop-vac bags are basically paper circles and not worth the money .
 OK for really small jobs , but the big collection bags are the way to go . These clog up too fast unless you are doing a really small job .
 What I and my husband did not realize is that you must have the foam insert as well to make this product work . It was a low enough price that we chose not to return the item .
 I just received the filter in the mail today replacing a year old leaky brita filter , I had also tried pure filters which were also leaky and fell off after 6 months to a year . After reading the man who replaced his 18 year old faucet I decided it was worth a shot . So I received it today when I got home from work along with new replacement filters and went to town installing what looked like an easy install -LRB- and it was after a few tries -RRB- which is why I gave this 4 instead of 5 stars . So every washer combination I tried made the faucet leak . Then I read no leaks with the right washers , July 7 , 2009 By Klaus J. Wenger . Re-read the directions and thought for a while , then ... it came to me and I hooked it up all over again once ... and everything fell right into place with no leaks.The only other reason I am giving this one star is there is no spray nozzle setting on the faucet . Im sure there probably are on other models but not this one . Oh well , still a great product and if put on correctly there will be no leaks at all and even though the fittings are all plastic if installed correctly the faucet will not fall off no matter how powerful the water flow.very happy with this product after some minor setbacks in installation ... now there are no leaks at all and I can turn the faucet on as high as it will go.Purchased on Amazon *** Update Sept. 15 2012 **** After having this product working perfectly for a while I woke up this morning and without hitting it or doing anything but turning on the faucet it started spraying like crazy . Going over to the hardware store now to see if I can find metal connectors to replace the plastic crap used to build this thing . This lowers my review to 3 stars maybe two if I can not get it connected again . PS the leaking caused the plastic connector to strip on my faucet . How junky is this thing . *** Second Update Sept 15 2012 **** This product is Garbage sent it back broke off the faucet after a week . Could n't get it back on plastic casings got stripped and would not fit correctly back on . Be warned any product that tells you to go to the hardware store and get items for you should be weary of . Dropped rating to a 1 . Too bad good filter and great tasting water just a junky faucet connection make this product horrible .
 Received this item 9-17-12 . It Installed easily and worked flawlessly with no leaks ... until today , 11-3-12 . Today , I turned on the water and the entire mechanism fell into the sink . I tried , repeatedly , to re-attach the unit . It would leak profusely and then fall into the sink . The problem is the cheap plastic piece that fits into the faucet . The plastic has worn away . What really burns my britches is that I ordered the 4 filter replacement pack -LRB- which just arrived last week -RRB- . So now I have a useless water filter system , but at least I have 4 replacement filters for it !!! Maybe at one time this was a decent product , but no more . If the connecting piece from the filter to the faucet was metal instead of the cheapest plastic , maybe this would be worth it , but it is n't so avoid this product like the plague !!! Update
 Product leaks at the faucet connection . Tried to unattach/reattach numerous times , flipping washer , etc. .
 This only works for the old fashion faucets with threads on the end . I had to return this model as I could not connect it .
 Unfortunately , this is being returned because it will not in any way stay attached to the sink faucet . With their propriety faucet fittings , which are plastic , you are bound to use them , as nothing in a hardware store will supplement their poor design.On the plus side , it did filter the water well -- took out nasty tastes and odor . As a test of our City water here , I sacrificed a couple of cheap goldfish -- putting one in the regular tap water , and one in the Instapure filtered water . The City water fish lasted 2 days , while the filtered water fish lasted about week -- before I just got bored with it and gave it freedom down the toilet . That test right there told me that the City water , albeit apparently safe to drink , killed things.I wish the filter would stay on the faucet , but this is an inherent design flaw factor , and since I did n't even get a month 's use out of it , I ca n't give it more than 1 star . Had I not been taking the time to keep re-installing the thing , I probably would have enjoyed more water from it .
 The installation was pretty problem free . The water flow is good when fullyconnected and the design is sleek.There is one major problem and that it that the filter will not stay connected . Thescrew well is too shallow to hold the filter securely . The water pressure from the sinkis enough the blow this filter completely off . I find myself re-attaching the filter at leastfour to five times daily . Lately I 've just decided to leave it off since I seem to waste somuch time re-attaching it to the faucet . That being said , I find it 's more difficult to usethat it 's worth . I would buy this one again .
 I really wanted to purchase a BRITA filter since I 've heard they 're the best . However after reading the reviews I decided not to since the ones for Teledyne were much better , and I am kicking myself for ever thinking that . This filter did hook up to my sink it did fit and attach but the process was n't easy , you had to hold one part while screwing in another and then attaching in another , it was very awkward and extremely frustrating . The filter is n't chrome as listed it 's plastic and I have found that it 's also extremely flimsy as well.My biggest issue is that it leaks from all areas . I have un-attached & re-attached at least a half a dozen times and it still leaks , I have the filter hooked up correctly and I also have the correct size washer in there , overall it 's just a very cheap and a flimsy made product that soaks my entire kitchen.I purchased a BRITA for my bathroom faucet and it works amazing , I will have to suck up the loss on this Teledyne and purchase a BRITA for the kitchen as well , why I thought this would be better is beyond me . Good luck if you purchase this .
 Absolutely a horrendous product ! I have installed many shower heads , faucets , and repaired pipes . This unit does not come with any adapters should you need them for installation . The installation was difficult and cumbersome . Once the installation was completed water would spray from the sides where the filter attached to the faucet . The next day I went to a local hardware store to pick up plumbing sealant and instead walked out with a Pur triple water filter . When I returned home I began the hour long process of removing the filter purchased here . The process involved vice grips , needle nose pliers , standard pliers , sheet metal sheers , and a hammer ! The Pur Filter attached in about 2 minutes and came with all necessary adapters . I had the filter purchased online sent overnight . After the cost of an overnight package the Pur and the Water Pik were the same price . Except one does not come with a complimentary headache . I would return the item except it is in about 80 million little pieces in my garbage .
 The black filter pictured here is NOT the filter you will receive . I received a filter that was too small for a newer shopvac and tore on trying to put it over the filter it was supposed to protect . This filter is ONLY for the older shopvacs . IGNORE the photo .
 Amazon appears to rotate this item from one retailer to another . In my own case , the filter I received is a generic filter and not as advertised here . This filter is NOT manufactured by Shop Vac . I purchased the Shop Vac wet filter at a store , and it is made from a courser foam material and is a slightly different size . The filter listed here may work , but be aware , it is not made by Shop Vac and is not identical to the real item . The filter I received did work on the newest 16 gallon Shop Vac , but it was a really tight fit .
 I do not advise to purchase this as the product is nothing like in the picture . It is a piece of sponge tape together that breaks open when try to install.I want my money back as this is highway robbery .
 Please note other reviewer comments . This sleeve DOES NOT FIT newer vacuums . Customer service quickly handled my return , and contacted seller to inform them of the problem . Do n't order this sleeve with a new vacuum .
 Nothing like advertised . Does not fit over cartridge as advertised . Amazon needs to quit stating that most buy this with cartridge filter . Waste of time and money .
 It 's not as shown in picture , and seems to be a poor attempt at a clone.It 's a foam tube with one diameter . There is no expanded region at the top.I struggled to fit it over my 12RT300 shopvac cage . It was very tight , but it finally went on , and I was able to put the sheet filter over it.Will not buy again . Will probable try to make one with foam and superglue when this one fails .
 This was a waste of money . It does n't fit on the filter and it tore as soon as I attempted to put it on . You do n't need it to begin with , the bag and the filter do the job fine , I wish amazon had not recommended this item . It was only a few bucks but it left me frustrated and angry .
 One star only because as mentioned by other reviewers this is NOT the right size for 90304 filters . Does n't even come close to fitting them . Ignore the `` Frequently Bought Together '' note from Amazon . It 's bad information . Let me say it again
 purchased this to put around the filter I purchased . When I attempted to put it on the filter the foam began ripping at the seam and as I tried to carefully continue it ripped right in half . Either the sleeve was manufactured incorrectly or it was not the correct one for the product I purchased -LRB- 90304 -RRB- .
 I read the previous reviews before ordering ; noted the bad reviews , then decided I would try the filter anyway since there are a few good reviews . That was a mistake , because the filer 's seam split open during the initial installation just as others have described . This is the correct filter for my vacuum , however it is poorly manufactured . I recommend that Amazon discontinue selling the item .
 This `` sleeve '' is advertised as being able to be put in place of a filter . It really just goes over an existing filter , and looks nothing like the picture shown . A little more clarity would be nice .
 Did not fit my Craftsmen shop vac . I may have read it wrong but it will not fit the whole length of the filter or the filter holder .
 Amazon has this listed as a bundle to fit the Shop-vac 903-03-19 Genie Vac Filter.IT DOES NOT FIT !!!! It is not even close to fitting that filter.DONT BUY this foam sleeve for Shop-vac 903-03-19 Genie Vac Filter
 Although this is the right part number , the product provided by this Amazon vendor is useless . It does not fit the Shop Vac and tears if you try to pull it on . It is nothing like the sleeve provided by the manufacturer .
 What you see in the product picture and what you get are totally different items . This claims to be Shop Vac part number 905-85 ??? Take a look at the shopvacstore photo -LSB- ... -RSB- ... Now take a look at -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- linked from Amazon 's site -RRB- . The foam sleeve you get for this item does n't even look as good as the one from -LSB- ... -RSB- . Fortunately Amazon has EXCELLENT customer service and return policies . I 'd strongly suggest they review this vendor and `` tune-up '' their product listing to reflect reality and not a bait-and-switch product . I 'm guessing most folks are too lazy to return a $ 6.00 item . I 'm not .
 DID NOT EVEN COME CLOSE TO FITTING AND LASTING . I WILL NEVER BUY FROM AGAIN . i MUST HAVE GOT THE WRONG FILTER IT TOOK ABOUT 2 WEEKS . I WILL QUIT BEING SO LAZY AND GO TO THE STORE NEXT TIME . MERRY CHRISTMAS
 I bought two of these to illuminate my front door so I could see the keyhole at night . They worked for less than a week but glowed only brightly enough so I could see the lamps , providing no light to the doorway at all . Then it turned cool , down to the 40 's , and the lamps never worked after that . They 're worthless here in SD , but I 'll give them to someone in a warmer climate if they 're repairable .
 I recently purchased two of these lamps and initally was very pleased , but not any more . I have had these for less than 45 days and one of the two has quit working . I opened the lamp to see if the problem was with the rechargable batteries and found that the internal casing that mounts the batteries was cracked and falling apart . Since I found this problem after Amazons 30 Day return policy I 'm now stuck with a worthless lamp .
 I have been using a router for many years . I put this on a Porter Cable 690 and it vibrated terribly . I read the instructions and tried everything they suggested to remove the vibration but it did n't help . I guess the fact that they send instructions on how to attempt to remove the vibration should be a flag for anyone . I wasted my money .
 Decent knife , but not the same quality that I have come to expect from one that bears the Old Timer name . I do n't care for the handles , they are n't the same as the Deltrin that are advertised .
 Very shoddy workmanship , arrived scratched and dented with on instructions or mounting hardware . Not wory of Amazon
 I purchased the Mag-Lite RX109 Heavy Duty Rechargeable Flashlight from Amazon about two years ago upon recommendation from my son-in-law who is an airline mechanic.It proved to be a awe inspiring product ... . for about the first month . Super bright with a wonderful adjustable focusing/spreading beam . I was enthralled.After the month honeymoon , reality set in as in as its ability to hold a charge rapidly weakened . Soon , when taking it from its charging cradle it would become useless in a matter of minutes.I bought two more rechargeable batteries , at twenty buck a pop ... . same result
 I RATED THIS ITEM A TWO , BECAUSE WHEN I RECEIVED THE ITEM IT NEVER TURN ON . SINCE IT WAS N'T WORKING I DECIDED TO RETURN THE ITEM AND GET MY MONEY BACK . THE RETURN WAS N'T A PROBLEM AT ALL I GOT REFUND ON THE TOTAL AMOUNT I PAID .
 I wanted a Mag rechargeable flashlight for some time , but just could not justify the expense . Well , I finally bought it , and what a dissappointment . I will say , it is an excellent flashlight WHEN IT WORKS . I got all of 5 minutes out of it when I first used it . I diagnosed the problem as a failed bulb , as I could clearly see the filament was broken . I ordered a replacement which was NOT CHEAP . It too lasted 5 minutes , and yes , I know enought not to touch the bulb with my bare fingers while installing . Bought two more bulbs next time around , and you guessed it , about 5 minutes use for each . So , all totaled about $ 125 for 20 minutes of light . Run from this deal .
 I purchased this light a week ago from Home Depot for almost $ 25 and it no longer works . Did everything Maglite recommended and still no luck . Problem is either the tail cap or the barrel/switch . Light flashes intermittently when tightening the tail cap after battery replacement , but once the tail cap is tight , the light no longer works . What a disappointing product from Maglite.I just went to Sports Authority and found a Nite Ize LED upgrade for my old Mini Maglight and that has been working flawlessly . It does n't have the same intensity or the beam focus as the Mag LED , but at least it works.P.S . I forgot to mention the extremely poor battery life . LED lights are by theory supposed to last longer than krypton bulbs . Not so with this light . I was lucky to get 4 hours out of mine . This may have been caused by the problem mentioned above , but my Nite Ize upgrade has lasted almost 8 hours now , and no sign of wearing down .
 Had this flashlight for a while , used it only a couple of times and when I needed to use it today it would turn on and flicker off when I tilted it . Replaced the batteries and now it wo n't event turn on . Was able to get it to turn on for a couple of second by adjusting the battery cap , but wo n't stay it on , and I never even dropped it or abused it like I did with the old incandescent AA Maglite . Then after reading the warranty I find out that the LED is not covered so if the bulb burns out , you are left with a useless aluminum battery holder . Not on par with the Maglite tradition .
 Thats how this works . You rotate the top portion around and the brightness and focal length increases . But then it comes off at the end . I read this about this product before , but its kind of annoying when you want to use this in a hurry and it becomes loose.Would have preferred a switch.Its quite compact and slips easily into your pocket . Would buy again from Maglite , but not the same design.Advice
 I went through 6 bulbs in 4 months !!! The Surefire G2 is my weapon of choice now :D at least 4x brighter AND it 's smaller .
 Supposed to include two AA batteries but I see I was charged an additional $ 7.51 for a pair of batteries I neither needed nor ordered . What kind of a dirty trick is that ? Be careful ... Amazon has apparently slipped over to the dark side and is now obviously a stinking dirty rat .
 3 weeks ago , I contacted Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-D flashlight , in which the switch failed . The customer service rep asked me for my serial number , which I gave her and she assured me that I could get a replacement switch . I gave her my name and address and she said that a shipment had just gone out , and it would be in the next shipment . That was fine with me . Days turned into weeks . Still no part . More days went by . STILL no part in the mail.Hmmmm . Is this how long time customers are treated ? I previous owned a variety of their flashlights , from an AAA Solitaire to a 5-D flashlight , at least 5 in total . My dad has purchased in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , starting in about '86 when someone else turned him onto Maglites.Customer support is as important to me as the product itself . Has customer support become a casualty of a tough economy?This long-time customer will have to look at alternatives the next time he 's buying a flashlight .
 These were fine in their day , but have been eclipsed by much better , brighter AA or AAA flashlights . I decided to try upgrading two old ones I own to the newer LED and Xenon bulbs . Both bulbs were available at the box store and very reasonable . Sadly , neither bulb did much to improve the amount of light these Mini MagLites produce.I did n't test lumens or anything like that . I just added fresh batteries , turned them on in a room with daylight coming into it , and you could just see a small circle of light on the wall at 6 ' . At 8 ' they were almost invisible . Better technologies have passed these by .
 Yea if you want to buy something at walmart , its OK . If you are ordering online , you can do WAY better.OK I 'm sorry . Seriously these things are bad . They 're solidly built on the outside , but they suck . I 've broken 2 or 3 . I ca n't really find them all , but trust me , they 're broken.I just tried fixing one , and guess what ? I did fix it . Then I sprayed it with some silicone and THE REFLECTIVE COATING ON THE REFLECTOR MELTED OFF . WTF ??? Really ? I know these are a couple years old , but honestly . thats just crap . Also the black plastic piece around the bulb melted too . The one that says `` DO NOT REMOVE . '' I had to remove it to fix the switch and now its melted.I spent $ 20 on a Cree Q5 flashlight . -LRB- akoray k-106 -RRB- Order it from Dealextreme . It 'll take 2 weeks to get to you , but its worth it . 3 programable modes -LRB- brightness , stobe , blink , `` s-o-s-o '' mode -RRB- Put in a 14500 -LRB- li-ion aa shaped battery -RRB- and enjoy between ~ 5-200 lumens.http : / / www.dealextreme.com/details.dx/sku.16607 -LRB- they claim its a 6 mode , its really a 3 -RRB- Tight on budget ? Look up the Ultrafire C3 . 70-80 lumens and $ 10 . http://www.dealextreme.com/details.dx/sku.1993
 This look at the darkness ring / write where small size Maglite is dim . If the head of the flashlight which is broken that is twisted , concerning that exactly as for a certain thing , that that it is and changing the beam into the dark ring flood where light/write is put in place appropriately exactly from the fact that it becomes black it is possible necessary . So being anodized for corrosion resistance and the durability which increases , this flashlight really the automatic operation which removes oxidation as a feature showing the type switch of cleaning which rusts . While making the application of a bad state where the part of the circuit of low resistance the electric battery is bad possible , the O ring of resistance to class and the water whose each start is high produces effect . The representative of nast free light/write of the hand of of the convenience which candle mode that is entreated includes in the darkness in regard to this flashlight . Needs the something which dark state is hard , sign of the diamond which is applied that has been broken perhaps and is the fairness where where it is turned off and with that of the point in regard to the excessive lamp of help of the tail hat of grip that you attach . Your purchase includes the electric battery of the main holder and two alkalis AA .
 I 've gone through two of these flashlights . They are horrible . They work great when they work , and the light is bright but after the first time I used it it got dim and now when I turn it on it flickers and goes off . A much better flashlight that I own is the Illuminator Flashlight . It is a hand cranked flashlight . It is also less than this flashlight on Amazon .
 I ca n't believe that Maglites are still considered quality lights these days.Sure , they were pretty good 10 years or so ago . But what 's changed ? The Mini Maglites I 've owned have always had the same problems - bulbs which go pop and fail if the light experiences any kind of shock - or sometimes for no reason at all . And that dim , yellow , uneven excuse for a beam of light.It 'd be nice if Mag produced a light which you could actually * rely * on to work when you needed it , rather than this outdated rubbish.I 've since found far more reliable , brighter , and generally better lights from other makers such as Streamlight.There are lots of lights out there which are miles ahead of Maglites in every category .
 I bought a 2 aa Mini LED . The first one lasted about a week . It started flickering just like the two guys mentioned in there reviews . It is useless now . I waited to long to return to lowes . So a few months past before I get around to dealing with the problem . I purchased the same exact light from Home depot in a town an hour and half away . I am sure you can guess what I had planned . To my amazement the replacement never worked out the box . Just did the flickering thing . I am not a review writer type of of guy , but this has got me boiling over . I like mag lites just not the led 's . Do your self a favor and stay clear of this piece of garbage !
 To start with , this little flashlight is a first generation fashlight , whereas the modern lithium-powered `` tactical lights '' are of third generation . Therefore , it is clear that this light can not match those modern super-bright flashlights in performance.By todays ' standards , the Mini Maglite is an adequate general-purpose flashlight . It is comfortably small , although if it were a bit fatter , it would fit better to a hand . The body of the flashlight is of high-impact aluminium , making the Mini-Mag a very sturdy little light , tough enough to be used as an impact weapon.You need two hands to operate Mini Maglight . As there is no light switch , you activate the light by rotating the head of the light , until the light activates . This can be very ankward , depending on the situation on which you need the light . The light is actually quite dim , by modern standards . Again , it depends on the situation if the Mini-Mag is bright enough , but as a rule of thumb , the more powerful the light is , the better . After all , there is very little need for dull knifes , or dim flashlights . Also , the light pattern of Mini-Mag is not even , but the light beam has dark rings or spots , making it harder to see clearly the `` target '' on some occasions.If you need a small general-purpose flashlight to keep in the glove compartment of your car , for example , Mini Maglite is a reasonable choice . It is an affordable light , and the batteries are much cheaper than those used in modern high-powered flashlights . But if you need the flashlight for more serious use , it 's better to look for a third generation flashlight .
 I have had three Maglites , which were not exposed to rugged use . Even though the batteries and bulbs were still good , they no longer operate . Somehow it appears that the connections or wiring have failed !
 I have owned at least 5 maglites and especially like the mini mag but with ALL of the maglites I have had the same problem
 Trust me it feels good in your hand but the led streamlight for 20 is a better deal.well i said it is 8 dollars
 After hearing all of the tales of mag-aa durability , etc.I 'm extremely disappointed , the aa model is very dim compared to the more modern personal lights I own.It isnt a dependable light at all , after one 2 foot drop to a carpeted floor the bulb blew out.I replaced the bulb with the spare , and it blew out when I put fresh batteries in . My recommendation is buy one of the new l.e.d personal lights-no bulbs to burn out , longer battery life , much better beam quality , lighter and more dependable .
 I bought this based on the name and the reviews . Disappointed in the flashlight , not only does it work sometimes but it 's not even that bright . Most of the time I go to turn it on and nothing happens , even if I unscrew the cap all the way for candle mode I still get nothing . It happened the very first time I tried it so it has n't been abused or dropped in any way . Disappointed on the lack of quality in the pricey flashlight .
 Overall it 's a nice light . It 's bright . It 's durable . I have owned a couple and they never broke on me . But it is absolutely inexcusable that there is n't a way to lock it on and off . I have never carried one that did n't end up getting accidentally turned on while in the factory provided sheath . Simply put , it was n't there when I needed it and a simple little button would have fixed it and made it perfect .
 I had 2 of their products . Both failed miserably.Never got a whole lot of use out the mini because the bulb life and battery life were just terrible . I recently tried to upgrade it with an LED kit . Forget it . The internal plastic parts just fell apart in my hands.I had bought one of their C cell lights about 10 years ago . It made it through one set of batteries . When I tried to replace the batteries , the tail end would not come off . It had somehow become welded to the body of the flashlight . I think the parts corroded together and got stuck . Tried a vice , channel lock pliers , you name it . Anything that would impart enough force to get it unglued would have damaged the body . Went in the trash .
 Says it 's an LED in specs . It 's a xenon bulb . Not happy about this . I specifically ordered it because it was LED . I already opened it which you ca n't do without wrecking the packaging so I 'm out of luck .
 Purchased several maglights over the past few years , every flashlight stopped working or corroded , ordered parts and replaced parts in the non-working lights , and then they corroded . I spent too much money on a product that did n't last
 This flashlight has very average brightness . The beam that it produces is very uneven . Battery life is average . Basically , it is the Chevy Caviler of flashlights.If you are interested in top performance , check out flashlights from Fenix , Streamlight or Surefire . They will cost more , but there is a night and day difference . A similarly sized flashlight that produces 10X the brightness with a very smooth and even light is the Surefire G2 .
 Positives : * built like a tank * reliable * Well designed switchNegatives : * extremely poor beam quality -LRB- full of holes and rings , yellow-brown beam color -RRB- * old technology -LRB- does n't use a Luxeon star LED bulb -RRB- * Very little usable sidespillOverall
 maglite name used to stand for quality flashlights . i purchased 2 cell C & D flashlights and they only lasted for a year . i suppose for 15 dollars that is n't bad . Still i would rather not have to replace them with anything from mag intruments
 I bought two of theses maglight 3 D Cell flashlights to be prepared for power outages . Neither worked when `` superstrom Sandy '' came through ; even though I replaced the batteries , they still did not work . My dollar store flashlight , while not so bright , did not fail me . If you need a reliable flashlight for emergencies , do n't purchase this item .
 Although I have bought and used many Mags over the years , the flaw with them and any incandescent light is the bulbs filament breaking at the most inconvenient time . I would recommend an LED flashlight since there is nothing to break , causing immediate darkness . Mag has just not kept up with the times . The LED is going to replace the bulb in all flashlights shortly .
 When it was first introduced the Maglight was top of the line . Now the Maglight is years behind current LED flashlight technology . The light is well made , but the adjustable beam is very poor in quality . Look for a flashlight with a textured reflector or an LED for a much better beam . Princeton Tec and Streamlight make much better functioning lights for the money .
 Once upon a time these were considered top of the line , mostly by law enforment that actually prized these lights because they were sturdy and they could bash people over the head with them . They were prized more for their club like appearance than the actual crappy beam that came out of them . Over the years I have discovered numerous companies that actually try to make a better light , Surefire , Streamlight , Pelican , and Arc , to name a few . These newer lights use newer technologies , new xneon bulbs and no bulbs in the case of the new led based lights . It 's too bad that maglite has been left in the stoneage of lighting products and now from a competitive standpoint must use other means of competing . From recent observations mag has chosen to try to simply place lawsuits against their competitors to try to destroy these new line companies out of existence . Sorry for the rant folks but no discussion of mag can be done without mentioning their extremely distasteful business practices . So I say to mag , spend your money on research and development , improve your now pitiful lights and let your product be your ultimate statement of company direction . Fire your vast team of legal experts who continue to be a blight on the civilized world and welcome competition which you apparently find so repugnant.so for anyone who bothered to read this , frequent the companies I mentioned above for superior lighting products and boldly step into the 21st century of lighting and see how delightful it can be . The bonus is you can still use your old maglites as clubs and weapons which they were designed to be .
 This was a great light back in the 80s but today they just do n't stack up to Streamlight and Surefire . If you want a light that 's bright , lightweight and white light -LRB- Not that old incandescent yellow -RRB- your best bet is to check out other options . You may pay more for other options but you will have a light that is 1/4 the weight and twice as bright .
 While it is a solid , durable , and bright light , it has several big disadvantages . For one , the light output drops off way too fast . It has an impressive beam with fresh batteries , but after relatively short use , it 's too dim to justify the enormous size and weight of the thing . Many lights , such as the modestly priced Surefire G2 pack just as much light output -LRB- or more -RRB- but are easily pocketable and much much lighter . Also , the smoooth plastic reflector gives it a dirty , spotty beam with noticible dark spots.Really , the only thing this light has going for is that it is a pretty indimidating body and has a definite macho appeal . But if your looking for serious illumunition look somewhere else .
 When everyone says mag lights are `` top of the line '' they are being incredibly naive ! Try looking into some real flashlights like Surefire , Fenix , and Huntlight ! Mag lights even measure in candlepower , which grossly exaggerates brightness too . You turn them on and they 're bright , but in 10 minutes it 'll get dimmer . I own a flashlight by Fenix which is easily 5 times as bright as this and will fit in the palm of my hand ! Before you buy this light , consider the p1dCE by Fenix , or the G2 from Surefire . Thank you !
 heavy , weak , and not luminous , I would count it as a bad experience , plus it consume a lot more light than LED 's
 I bought this because I have always wanted a large police-style flashlight . I swapped out the stock bulb with a NiteIze LED bulb and think it improves the overall package in my opinion . Aside from having a nice , bright , pure white light , the LED offers impact resistance . In the event something goes bump in the night , I reach for this and if things get up close and personal , I can always swing for the fences since it is a very nice club.One side note , try to use quality batteries -LRB- the ones Mag recommends -RRB- , or at least use the flashlight regularly and change batteries often if using off brands or brands not specified by Mag . If most batteries sit too long they will swell and leak and you will not be able to remove the batteries = ruined flashlight . I had a 3D and a 2AA MagLight in my car toolbox this happened to , despite contacting MagLight , got zero support from them . If I had used the battery brands they recoomend , I may have had a remote chance of getting a replacement light from the battery manufacturer -LRB- after I paid for all the shipping of course -RRB- . Maglights are great , but if you have a problem especially battery related good luck as they will be of little help.If you chose to store this for emergency use only , consider storing the batteries seperately , but that defeats the purpose . My main reason for this was a combination light & blunt instrument , for that it works wonderfully . For a pure flashlight there are much better and cheaper options , every bit as good with the same level of customer support as Mag will give you when you have a problem -LRB- none -RRB- , did I mention for much less money?Bottom line , this is a great blunt force instrument with a mediocre built-in light feature . For a flashlight look elsewhere for better , more economical options .
 3 weeks ago , I contacted Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-D flashlight , in which the switch failed . The customer service rep asked me for my serial number , which I gave her and she assured me that I could get a replacement switch . I gave her my name and address and she said that a shipment had just gone out , and it would be in the next shipment . That was fine with me . Days turned into weeks . Still no part . More days went by . STILL no part in the mail.Hmmmm . Is this how long time customers are treated ? I previous owned a variety of their flashlights , from an AAA Solitaire to a 5-D flashlight , at least 5 in total . My dad has purchased in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , starting in about '86 when someone else turned him onto Maglites.Customer support is as important to me as the product itself . Has customer support become a casualty of a tough economy?This long-time customer will have to look at alternatives the next time he 's buying a flashlight .
 3 weeks ago , I contacted Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-D flashlight , in which the switch failed . The customer service rep asked me for my serial number , which I gave her and she assured me that I could get a replacement switch . I gave her my name and address and she said that a shipment had just gone out , and it would be in the next shipment . That was fine with me . Days turned into weeks . Still no part . More days went by . STILL no part in the mail.Hmmmm . Is this how long time customers are treated ? I previous owned a variety of their flashlights , from an AAA Solitaire to a 5-D flashlight , at least 5 in total . My dad has purchased in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , starting in about '86 when someone else turned him onto Maglites.Customer support is as important to me as the product itself . Has customer support become a casualty of a tough economy?This long-time customer will have to look at alternatives the next time he 's buying a flashlight .
 3 weeks ago , I contacted Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-D flashlight , in which the switch failed . The customer service rep asked me for my serial number , which I gave her and she assured me that I could get a replacement switch . I gave her my name and address and she said that a shipment had just gone out , and it would be in the next shipment . That was fine with me . Days turned into weeks . Still no part . More days went by . STILL no part in the mail.Hmmmm . Is this how long time customers are treated ? I previous owned a variety of their flashlights , from an AAA Solitaire to a 5-D flashlight , at least 5 in total . My dad has purchased in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , starting in about '86 when someone else turned him onto Maglites.Customer support is as important to me as the product itself . Has customer support become a casualty of a tough economy?This long-time customer will have to look at alternatives the next time he 's buying a flashlight .
 I expected more from this light having purchased many of Streamlight 's excellent products.The so-called beam is ringy and irregular and the bulbs dont last very long.Too many other modern lights available that are a quarter of the size and weight that easily out perform the Mag Instument line .
 I thought I bought a very powerfull flashlight but I was very disappointed . I have a 3-D cell flashlight that is better .
 These were cool once , but by today 's standards the light output is very poor . My SureFire and Arc flashlights are much brighter , more robust and a fraction of the size .
 These lights are old technology , and run inefficientyly . there are lights out there 1/4th the size and throw out 50 times more light .
 A Mag is to a flashlight what a Hudson is to a car -- a great product in its time , but not something you would go out and buy today if you wanted to take advantage of what new technology has to offer . Instead , take a look at some of the new LED based flashlights , or the Xenon/LED combo lights made by Streamlight -LRB- called `` TwinTask '' -RRB- . For most purposes you will get vastly increased battery life and a much better white flood light -LRB- while using the LED 's -RRB- and and with the TwinTasks still have the option of a high grade incandescent light for the times when you need more `` throw '' .
 I have 4 of them . They constantly have problems . Bulbs are easily shattered . The proprietary bulbs are expensive . The rubber protector fell of of one . If a battery leaks you can just trow the flashlight away , the insides are so tight the batteries get stuck forever . Their guarantee is basically useless as they 'll blame the battery manufacturer . The aluminum machining makes getting the bottoms on and off difficult , easily cross threaded.My one star review is because they do n't deserve their reputation . It 's a good flashlight but they have n't done anything for years to improve all the problems.Don ' t expect them to last longer than other quality flashlights .
 I have purchased maglights for over 30 years , but the 2 I bouhgt here recently were pure garbage . Both , within a matter of days , lost the button cover , both swelled up with new , EXPENSIVE batteries and would not work . I am qualified to state this because I have a radio Amatuer , EXTRA class , KE5LDO , for many years , and this has never happened before even in the hot sun ! Because they were inside an air conditioned room I would not expect either problem to happen . I saved the bulb , end caps , and the Hoods in case I am ever givien one . I will NOT be buying them again !
 Maglite sold great flashlights many years ago . They have n't really changed their lights much over the years , and they are falling behind . There are much better , smaller , and brighter lights on the market for reasonable prices . Why lug around three huge and heavy D cells?Maglite has been suing smaller companies for unreasonable reasons . They sue smaller companies for silly little things . Do you want to buy from a huge company that crushes the other little guys ? I sure do n't want to.I think that if you want a good flashlight you should look at Surefire , Streamlight , Scorpion , and other companys .
 Light wont stay on . After filing and sanding all contact areas it improved a little . I still have to bang it to stay on . very disapointed . Flashlights from a Dollar Store are better .
 This light worked as advertised for a few days . A spare bulb , kept in the base , was improperly stored , forcing too much pressure on the bottom of the batteries , which eventually flattened the spring contact at the top of the batteries . The result
 Did I have instructions to make it work ? As of now new batteries are useless for the MAGLITE S2C016 2-C !
 I must have had just plain bad luck on the two flashlights I ordered . The other customer reviews are very good . On one flashlight I was able to insert the batteries and screw on the tailend , but I noticed there was no spare light bulb as was promised . The other flashlight I can not screw the tail part on despite all my effort . I will have someone stronger than me try it , but this should n't be necessary .
 I purchased this light from a battery supply store when I ordered batteries in bulk thinking , heck , it 's a Maglite so it must be good . Most of my lights are this brand for the obvious reasons already stated in other reviews . However , I am a bit disappointed in the 2 C light.Right out of the package I found the focus not to work properly , the bulb was installed crooked , which believe it or not , made the light almost useless -LRB- it 's not held in place by much on this light -RRB- and the lens cover was loose . Upon disassembly , I pushed the bulb back to center although I 'm uncertain how long it will stay that way , one drop on the floor will probably return it to its former position . The loose lens cover was due to it being assembled upside down , the ridge that is supposed to seal against the gasket was facing the wrong way leaving a gap which would have allowed water to run into it . Additionally , the `` focus '' adjustment is a cheap piece of plastic tubing cut at an angle on one end allowing the lens to bob up and down . I admit , my two year old `` D '' cell has this same mechanism , however , it works much more smoothly . I suspect some cost saving was implemented over the past couple of years as I noticed that the on/off switch did not have the same quality feel as my older lights either . . In summation , I recommend the AA size or the D size for best value and performance vs dollar spent . This light might have been a Monday or a Friday build which could explain the poor assembly quality .
 Wow . Never buy another torch again ! Portable light , without heat . This thing is _ AMAZING _ . BEWARE , it DOES eat batteries . ALSO , do not look directly into the fire , as it may temporarily blind you ! MAG IS BACK WITH ANOTHER WINNER HERE !
 I just got this light in a combo-pack with a 2AA-minimag at Home Depot.The light throws an obloid , ugly beam when focused down ; when you go to widen it , `` flood '' , you get a dark spot in the middle.I got it as a stocking stuffer for my 8-year-old niece to keep in her school bag , and it 'll work for that . But if you 're going to spend 10 bucks on a little AAA light , I 'd shell out 7 more for a Streamlight MicrostreamStreamlight 66318 MicroStream C4 LED Pen Flashlightor $ 10 more for the Stylus ProStreamlight 66118 Stylus Pro Black LED Pen Flashlight with Holster . I own both and they are both brighter and throw a higher-quality beam than this little maglite . It 's cute but I would n't buy it again.Streamlight 66318 MicroStream C4 LED Pen Flashlight
 I purchased this light from a battery supply store when I ordered batteries in bulk thinking , heck , it 's a Maglite so it must be good . Most of my lights are this brand for the obvious reasons already stated in other reviews . However , I am a bit disappointed in the 2 C light.Right out of the package I found the focus not to work properly , the bulb was installed crooked , which believe it or not , made the light almost useless -LRB- it 's not held in place by much on this light -RRB- and the lens cover was loose . Upon disassembly , I pushed the bulb back to center although I 'm uncertain how long it will stay that way , one drop on the floor will probably return it to its former position . The loose lens cover was due to it being assembled upside down , the ridge that is supposed to seal against the gasket was facing the wrong way leaving a gap which would have allowed water to run into it . Additionally , the `` focus '' adjustment is a cheap piece of plastic tubing cut at an angle on one end allowing the lens to bob up and down . I admit , my two year old `` D '' cell has this same mechanism , however , it works much more smoothly . I suspect some cost saving was implemented over the past couple of years as I noticed that the on/off switch did not have the same quality feel as my older lights either . . In summation , I recommend the AA size or the D size for best value and performance vs dollar spent . This light might have been a Monday or a Friday build which could explain the poor assembly quality .
 I must have had just plain bad luck on the two flashlights I ordered . The other customer reviews are very good . On one flashlight I was able to insert the batteries and screw on the tailend , but I noticed there was no spare light bulb as was promised . The other flashlight I can not screw the tail part on despite all my effort . I will have someone stronger than me try it , but this should n't be necessary .
 This light worked as advertised for a few days . A spare bulb , kept in the base , was improperly stored , forcing too much pressure on the bottom of the batteries , which eventually flattened the spring contact at the top of the batteries . The result
 Did I have instructions to make it work ? As of now new batteries are useless for the MAGLITE S2C016 2-C !
 While it is a solid , durable , and bright light , it has several big disadvantages . For one , the light output drops off way too fast . It has an impressive beam with fresh batteries , but after relatively short use , it 's too dim to justify the enormous size and weight of the thing . Many lights , such as the modestly priced Surefire G2 pack just as much light output -LRB- or more -RRB- but are easily pocketable and much much lighter . Also , the smoooth plastic reflector gives it a dirty , spotty beam with noticible dark spots.Really , the only thing this light has going for is that it is a pretty indimidating body and has a definite macho appeal . But if your looking for serious illumunition look somewhere else .
 When everyone says mag lights are `` top of the line '' they are being incredibly naive ! Try looking into some real flashlights like Surefire , Fenix , and Huntlight ! Mag lights even measure in candlepower , which grossly exaggerates brightness too . You turn them on and they 're bright , but in 10 minutes it 'll get dimmer . I own a flashlight by Fenix which is easily 5 times as bright as this and will fit in the palm of my hand ! Before you buy this light , consider the p1dCE by Fenix , or the G2 from Surefire . Thank you !
 maglite name used to stand for quality flashlights . i purchased 2 cell C & D flashlights and they only lasted for a year . i suppose for 15 dollars that is n't bad . Still i would rather not have to replace them with anything from mag intruments
 I bought two of theses maglight 3 D Cell flashlights to be prepared for power outages . Neither worked when `` superstrom Sandy '' came through ; even though I replaced the batteries , they still did not work . My dollar store flashlight , while not so bright , did not fail me . If you need a reliable flashlight for emergencies , do n't purchase this item .
 Although I have bought and used many Mags over the years , the flaw with them and any incandescent light is the bulbs filament breaking at the most inconvenient time . I would recommend an LED flashlight since there is nothing to break , causing immediate darkness . Mag has just not kept up with the times . The LED is going to replace the bulb in all flashlights shortly .
 When it was first introduced the Maglight was top of the line . Now the Maglight is years behind current LED flashlight technology . The light is well made , but the adjustable beam is very poor in quality . Look for a flashlight with a textured reflector or an LED for a much better beam . Princeton Tec and Streamlight make much better functioning lights for the money .
 Once upon a time these were considered top of the line , mostly by law enforment that actually prized these lights because they were sturdy and they could bash people over the head with them . They were prized more for their club like appearance than the actual crappy beam that came out of them . Over the years I have discovered numerous companies that actually try to make a better light , Surefire , Streamlight , Pelican , and Arc , to name a few . These newer lights use newer technologies , new xneon bulbs and no bulbs in the case of the new led based lights . It 's too bad that maglite has been left in the stoneage of lighting products and now from a competitive standpoint must use other means of competing . From recent observations mag has chosen to try to simply place lawsuits against their competitors to try to destroy these new line companies out of existence . Sorry for the rant folks but no discussion of mag can be done without mentioning their extremely distasteful business practices . So I say to mag , spend your money on research and development , improve your now pitiful lights and let your product be your ultimate statement of company direction . Fire your vast team of legal experts who continue to be a blight on the civilized world and welcome competition which you apparently find so repugnant.so for anyone who bothered to read this , frequent the companies I mentioned above for superior lighting products and boldly step into the 21st century of lighting and see how delightful it can be . The bonus is you can still use your old maglites as clubs and weapons which they were designed to be .
 This was a great light back in the 80s but today they just do n't stack up to Streamlight and Surefire . If you want a light that 's bright , lightweight and white light -LRB- Not that old incandescent yellow -RRB- your best bet is to check out other options . You may pay more for other options but you will have a light that is 1/4 the weight and twice as bright .
 Positives : * built like a tank * reliable * Well designed switchNegatives : * extremely poor beam quality -LRB- full of holes and rings , yellow-brown beam color -RRB- * old technology -LRB- does n't use a Luxeon star LED bulb -RRB- * Very little usable sidespillOverall
 I expected more from this light having purchased many of Streamlight 's excellent products.The so-called beam is ringy and irregular and the bulbs dont last very long.Too many other modern lights available that are a quarter of the size and weight that easily out perform the Mag Instument line .
 I thought I bought a very powerfull flashlight but I was very disappointed . I have a 3-D cell flashlight that is better .
 These were cool once , but by today 's standards the light output is very poor . My SureFire and Arc flashlights are much brighter , more robust and a fraction of the size .
 These lights are old technology , and run inefficientyly . there are lights out there 1/4th the size and throw out 50 times more light .
 A Mag is to a flashlight what a Hudson is to a car -- a great product in its time , but not something you would go out and buy today if you wanted to take advantage of what new technology has to offer . Instead , take a look at some of the new LED based flashlights , or the Xenon/LED combo lights made by Streamlight -LRB- called `` TwinTask '' -RRB- . For most purposes you will get vastly increased battery life and a much better white flood light -LRB- while using the LED 's -RRB- and and with the TwinTasks still have the option of a high grade incandescent light for the times when you need more `` throw '' .
 I have 4 of them . They constantly have problems . Bulbs are easily shattered . The proprietary bulbs are expensive . The rubber protector fell of of one . If a battery leaks you can just trow the flashlight away , the insides are so tight the batteries get stuck forever . Their guarantee is basically useless as they 'll blame the battery manufacturer . The aluminum machining makes getting the bottoms on and off difficult , easily cross threaded.My one star review is because they do n't deserve their reputation . It 's a good flashlight but they have n't done anything for years to improve all the problems.Don ' t expect them to last longer than other quality flashlights .
 I have purchased maglights for over 30 years , but the 2 I bouhgt here recently were pure garbage . Both , within a matter of days , lost the button cover , both swelled up with new , EXPENSIVE batteries and would not work . I am qualified to state this because I have a radio Amatuer , EXTRA class , KE5LDO , for many years , and this has never happened before even in the hot sun ! Because they were inside an air conditioned room I would not expect either problem to happen . I saved the bulb , end caps , and the Hoods in case I am ever givien one . I will NOT be buying them again !
 Maglite sold great flashlights many years ago . They have n't really changed their lights much over the years , and they are falling behind . There are much better , smaller , and brighter lights on the market for reasonable prices . Why lug around three huge and heavy D cells?Maglite has been suing smaller companies for unreasonable reasons . They sue smaller companies for silly little things . Do you want to buy from a huge company that crushes the other little guys ? I sure do n't want to.I think that if you want a good flashlight you should look at Surefire , Streamlight , Scorpion , and other companys .
 Light wont stay on . After filing and sanding all contact areas it improved a little . I still have to bang it to stay on . very disapointed . Flashlights from a Dollar Store are better .
 3 weeks ago , I contacted Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-D flashlight , in which the switch failed . The customer service rep asked me for my serial number , which I gave her and she assured me that I could get a replacement switch . I gave her my name and address and she said that a shipment had just gone out , and it would be in the next shipment . That was fine with me . Days turned into weeks . Still no part . More days went by . STILL no part in the mail.Hmmmm . Is this how long time customers are treated ? I previous owned a variety of their flashlights , from an AAA Solitaire to a 5-D flashlight , at least 5 in total . My dad has purchased in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , starting in about '86 when someone else turned him onto Maglites.Customer support is as important to me as the product itself . Has customer support become a casualty of a tough economy?This long-time customer will have to look at alternatives the next time he 's buying a flashlight .
 3 weeks ago , I contacted Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-D flashlight , in which the switch failed . The customer service rep asked me for my serial number , which I gave her and she assured me that I could get a replacement switch . I gave her my name and address and she said that a shipment had just gone out , and it would be in the next shipment . That was fine with me . Days turned into weeks . Still no part . More days went by . STILL no part in the mail.Hmmmm . Is this how long time customers are treated ? I previous owned a variety of their flashlights , from an AAA Solitaire to a 5-D flashlight , at least 5 in total . My dad has purchased in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , starting in about '86 when someone else turned him onto Maglites.Customer support is as important to me as the product itself . Has customer support become a casualty of a tough economy?This long-time customer will have to look at alternatives the next time he 's buying a flashlight .
 3 weeks ago , I contacted Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-D flashlight , in which the switch failed . The customer service rep asked me for my serial number , which I gave her and she assured me that I could get a replacement switch . I gave her my name and address and she said that a shipment had just gone out , and it would be in the next shipment . That was fine with me . Days turned into weeks . Still no part . More days went by . STILL no part in the mail.Hmmmm . Is this how long time customers are treated ? I previous owned a variety of their flashlights , from an AAA Solitaire to a 5-D flashlight , at least 5 in total . My dad has purchased in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , starting in about '86 when someone else turned him onto Maglites.Customer support is as important to me as the product itself . Has customer support become a casualty of a tough economy?This long-time customer will have to look at alternatives the next time he 's buying a flashlight .
 heavy , weak , and not luminous , I would count it as a bad experience , plus it consume a lot more light than LED 's
 I bought this because I have always wanted a large police-style flashlight . I swapped out the stock bulb with a NiteIze LED bulb and think it improves the overall package in my opinion . Aside from having a nice , bright , pure white light , the LED offers impact resistance . In the event something goes bump in the night , I reach for this and if things get up close and personal , I can always swing for the fences since it is a very nice club.One side note , try to use quality batteries -LRB- the ones Mag recommends -RRB- , or at least use the flashlight regularly and change batteries often if using off brands or brands not specified by Mag . If most batteries sit too long they will swell and leak and you will not be able to remove the batteries = ruined flashlight . I had a 3D and a 2AA MagLight in my car toolbox this happened to , despite contacting MagLight , got zero support from them . If I had used the battery brands they recoomend , I may have had a remote chance of getting a replacement light from the battery manufacturer -LRB- after I paid for all the shipping of course -RRB- . Maglights are great , but if you have a problem especially battery related good luck as they will be of little help.If you chose to store this for emergency use only , consider storing the batteries seperately , but that defeats the purpose . My main reason for this was a combination light & blunt instrument , for that it works wonderfully . For a pure flashlight there are much better and cheaper options , every bit as good with the same level of customer support as Mag will give you when you have a problem -LRB- none -RRB- , did I mention for much less money?Bottom line , this is a great blunt force instrument with a mediocre built-in light feature . For a flashlight look elsewhere for better , more economical options .
 Ok , I am not a professional floor install , but I do consider myself to have better than average skills in the DIY arena . The product arrived on time in a nice carrying case . However I found that neither of the two interchangeable base plates worked well for my flooring . One set the nail in the top of the flooring , the other set it well out on the tongue . After some fiddling I ended up using the thinner base plate with some shims . This seem to get the nail set in the correct place on the flooring . The biggest problem now is that the nailer frequently marrs the edge of the flooring , causing a noticeable blemish that has to be rubbed out.I am willing to concede that this may be due to my custom shims , and I have to admit this is the first floor nailer that I have used . It could be that my shims are causing the blemish , so take this review with a grain of salt . I have to say though that I can not imagine flooring with out a pneumatic gun , I 'm just not sure this is the best one for the job .
 I have had other nozzles of this type before and found them easy to use , not this one . It requires just the right finger or fingers placement to work and what I beleive is excessive pressure to make it function . It is more of an innorance to use than a regular nozzle .
 My rating is zero star , the light bulb -LRB- GE22181-F382D / 835/4p -RRB- from Amazon was not able to fit or click into light fixture , both me and my electrician try to put in light fixture in twice -LRB- 2 new light bulbs from Amazon , cost me $ 46 -RRB- were n't work . The dimension of light bulb is off from the fixture . it is a piece of junk . it 's better get from original manufacture . I change the whole light fixture at the end . I will not buy $ 46 light bulb from Amazon for this light fixture anymore .
 The item took too long to arrive . The 38 Watt Fluorescent Butterfly Light Bulb purchased arrived broken , still sealed in it 's package . Leo Flores
 Bulb came from Amazon and was just thrown in a box and sent to me . Arrived in a million pieces .
 I really should n't rate it with 1 star but since it arrived damaged , I have no other choice . It probably should have been packaged better .
 If you were to get it , this is a wonderful knife . However , DO N'T GET IT THROUGH AMAZON FROM `` PRICE PRO '' . They advertise the case knife and show its picture and then send you a different , and lower quality knife.Yellow Handle Series 3318 CV Medium Stockman Md
 Wow , this item took not only the cake for low quality , it took the bakery ! I don ` like having to write bad reviews but this is a personal safety issue so it needs to be said . Indeed , keeping in mind the saying `` you get what you pay for '' is normally true , that being said , the item I received would be over priced at 3 bucks . When I took it out of the package I could tell right away the quality was severely lacking.I picked the lock with a nail file and there was no challenge . The key little more than a key blank . I installed it anyway then when I put the key in , the entire lock cylinder came back out with it . The keeper is somewhere inside my door . Even if the key were better and the lock cylinder had stayed in the handle , a blow from any hard item would bust the outer housing in my opinion.Unless you just want it to have an extra key on your key ring I would say look for something else . This thing is a $ 20 joke , unfortunately , the joke 's on me .
 The knife looked great when I received it . I was very disappointed with the knife when I went to use it today . Both blades and some of the metal on the knife body have some spots on them . It looks like it might be some oxidation although it does not appear to be the usual rust oxidation . This is the first time I used the knife although I have been carrying it with me for about two weeks . I believe the knife should be of better quality .
 This thing failed me right out of the box . Just when I needed it most it let me down . I tried to disassemble it to see what was the problem and I broke it . The motor ran but it didnt pump . I thought that the close valve was installed backwards , so I followed the manuals directions to troubleshoot . To those people who like to gamble at a bargain , like this 50 % off , be very careful .
 Within 1 months time I had 2 , 1/2 half horse power cast iron sump pumps flood a basement because the plastic impeller connection to the motor shaft had enlarge to the point where it spun free on the shaft . They were both the previous version of the 1/2 HP cast iron pump . The CDU800 has the same plastic impeller . One pump was 3 years old from date of manufacture , the other 17 months . Both locations only pump ground water and run just occasionally when it rains hard . Without any local parts and service agents , you have to buy new and then order parts and repair if possible . Having the cast iron housing and stainless screen mean nothing if the impeller is just plastic junk . My previous Zoller pumps had lasted more than 10 years . They were made in America . Wayne leads you to beleive that they are made in America & Canada , but a local pump repair shop said they were Chinese pumps . Parts are only available from Wayne and it takes 5 days to ship from Hamilton Ohio -LRB- or whereever -RRB- to Indianapolis Indiana . Replaced both with Zoller , But I am not sure these are even made in US any more .
 I have owned the Wayne 1/2HP sump pump for over 5 years . Originally I intended this pump to be a primary sump pump but after one week of moderate to heavy rains , I soon found out this pump could not handle the flow of water into my sump well . The sump pump ran continuously and I needed a second pump to keep the basement from being flooded . Now I use the Wayne pump strictly as a backup pump . If you do n't live in a low lying area as I do , you may be able to get by with this pump as a primary sump pump . One other thing , the pump is relatively noisy .
 I have no idea why it stopped working but when I next checked on the pump after installing it was not working and the pit was full of HOT water . When I took the pump out the paint pealed and the entire unit was steaming . Pretty scarey to have this in the house .
 I got pulls and knobs for my new kitchen and I am very pleased with everything . They are well make and very handsome with a good weight and comfortable feel - you should always test the way knobs feel since your hand will have a lot of contact with them . These are as smooth and finished on the back as they are on the front .
 These are light duty tie downs , which do not meet the requirements for my application . Spend a little extra on some better tie downs .
 For that amount of money , I thought I would get a nice knife . It is so small it may get lost if I put it on the kitchen table . What a waste of my hard earned cash.Wouldn ' t recommend it to anyone .
 Disappointing . Lousy fitting of plastic parts . Looks like it was adapted from some other switch . I 'll be replacing this with something of better quality . It was cheap , and I got what I paid for >> > Cheap .
 this hinge has a fundamental design defect and should not be used in new home installations.my personal experience has been that during a 10 year period at least half of the plastic inserts surrounding the hinge pin break . The design is faulty .
 I ordered the mail slot for our new office , which is a beautiful home-like space with fine art and antique furniture , etc. . We have no mailbox and the Post Office delivers inside our building . We wanted to put in a mail slot for the times we were not here , so I went on line to order one in `` oil brushed bronze , '' the only stipulation . I purchased this one thinking it did the best to match our hardware . When I received it - not having had a mail slot before - my boss called someone to install it . When they came , they explained that the slot had no back - what we would be seeing would be an open hole with raw wood and the back of the hardware . So , I am having to return this one and find another that is complete . There was no indication that anything would not be included with the item I purchased . Now we have had to put off installation until we can find another and wait for its delivery and contact the installer again . Why would one sell only half of a product ?
 I tried two of these for draining water and never got them to work at all . They seem so simple to operate , so I assume there is n't a trick to getting them going . But it is strange that Flotec would try to sell something that so obviously is non-functional . In any case , do n't even bother with these things , they 're pretty useless as far as I can see .
 a dipper would be as productive . This item would be helpful for transferring small amounts of liquid from one container to another , but for anything over a couple of gallons , it is insufficient to the task . I tried to use it to transfer 15 gallons of water , and after ten gallons had been pumped , I carried the rest of it in 1/8th the time it took to pump the ten gallons . It takes time to rig it with the hoses and the drill motor , and by the time that is done , you could have done all that it can do with a large sponge . There are other pumps out there , readily available , that will do the work with less hassle .
 This thing was the biggest waste of money . I paid $ 6.98 for it and I 'm taking it right back . It did n't pump a drop .
 There is n't any other way of putting it - but useless . I had this for a while in case of emergencies . Well , today I tried to use it for the most simplest of tasks , taking the remaining two gallons of water from my aquarium . I would have been better off with a plastic tube , and some capillary effect - this thing did n't take a single drop through it . The only benefit from this device , if you want to call it that , is the guy that manufacturers it , and the companies that buy it for 25 Cents , and resell it for way more than it 's worth are sitting pretty with the profits while we get frustrated . Save your money , time , and patience - stay away from this product !
 Mine broke also after one use . Opened it up
 I had two of these and never got either of them to work . IF curiosity gets the better of you and you just ` got ta ' try it , buy it locally where you do n't have to pay Shipping & Handling -LRB- both ways -RRB- to return it.Pump # 1 had no obvious flaws other than it just did n't suck oil.Pump # 2 self destructed , spitting plastic shards through both hoses . Could easily damage the engine your trying to maintain .
 I bought this for a simple little pumping task , followed the directions , and hooked it up . It turned about 1/2 turn and stopped pumping water . The shaft felt like it was turning within the impeller hub . I could look in the end and see the impeller was not turning.Even though it is only an $ 8 item , I at least expect it to work fresh out of the package .
 Worked ok while primed . But did n't seem to stay primed well . burnt it up after one time while trying to winterized camper .
 This product I purchased at a local retailer . In fact , I bought two of them thinking maybe the first one was defective . It does not work . Like most things in life , you get what you pay for . I ended up buying a product costing about $ 30 -LRB- Jabsco -RRB- and it works . The key to these pumps is that the fitting must be perfect and this unit makes it next to impossible to accomplish .
 i bought this to transfer water from rain barrel to buckets maybe eight foot total hose length -LRB- that is intake and discharge -RRB- . would not pump with hose attached would pump small stream if you put intake end in water . i found this to be a big rip off and a piece of junk . would not recommend to anyone unless i really hated them -LRB- and maybe not then cause i really hate this pump -RRB- .
 Did not work ... called CS they sent me a document I could not open ... not pdf or . doc.Called back , told me to put in Wd40 or cooking oil.Did not turn . Took it apart ... still no luckCalled CS again ... they said go out and buy another.i had never used this thing.Made in China ... that says it all.Big waste of money
 I need this pump to pump a small amount of water -LRB- 5 gallons at a time -RRB- from a water container into my pop-up camper when I have no city water hook up . I bought one and tested it . It slowly pumped the 5 gallons . When I tried it again , I got not water only smoke . So I returned it to Home Depot and bought another one . I noticed that the drill I had used was 1200 rpm and the package says to use a drill that is 1400rpm or higher . So I used a drill that did 2500 rpm and it worked fantastic . So I tried it again , but tried my cordless drill that does 1500rpm and all I got was smoke - no water again.At best I could say this item is not durable . If you buy it , make sure your drill does well over the 1400rpm -LRB- s -RRB- recommended .
 I wanted to use a drill pump and siphon to drain bathtubs for watering diruing our Georgia drought of 2008 . On the first test , I got some water moving , so I assembled hoses and bought a cordless drill . On the second try , nothing . I tossed it.I am disappointed .
 this pump is useless ... u have to make sure that the line is primed . how do u do that with waste toilet water ???
 Just an fyi for you Makita BO5010 owners out there . The outside diameter on the exhaust port on the BO5010 is 7/8 '' . The inside diameter on the connector on this hose is 3/4 '' . The 2 will simply not mate without major surgery to one or both connections.If there is a God , he will sentence all Makita tool designers to an eternity of sifting through dust port connectors that do n't fit .
 Original review 11/11/10
 This broke within the first 10 min . The cord is not strong at all and broke right away . Returning this to amazon would cost me more time and hassle than I paid ... dont buy something like this online when any hardware store locally would have the same .
 I ordered it and tested it in a quiet room of the house , and it was n't any louder than the ringer on the actual phone itself.I contacted the seller and they were very gracious about allowing me to return it .
 NOT !!!! THIS IS NOT VERY LOUD , DONT BUY IT , i WOULD SEND IT BACK BUT WE ALREADY THROUGH THE PACKAGING AWAY , i DONT RECOMEND ANYONE BUY THIS , SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 I purchased this bell ringer for our manufacturing floor so that the second shift could hear the phone ringing over the running machines after office hours . This is definitely not an `` extra-loud '' ringer ; just like the other reviews -LRB- which I failed to read all !!! -RRB- it sounds no different than a standard phone . Totally useless for a manufacturing environment . Do n't waste your money . I 'm not even bothering to return due to return shipping costs and 20 % restocking charge .
 This phone ringer is not loud at all , we purchased this phone ringer for my fathers barn , so he could hear the phone ring over the farm equipment when we are working on it , the fact is the ringer is not loud and as a matter of fact the ringer on the regular telephone is much louder than this ringer !!!
 The ringer was not as loud as the ringer on my home phone ! But if you are handy you can bend and add parts to make it work for you , but if not do n't buy it you will be disappointed !!!
 This bell is n't louder than a conventional house phone . I needed something loud , so I can hear the phone ring over all the other sounds going on at the shop ... and well ... this did not live up to its hype in its title , as being `` extra loud '' . The shop bell I had before this was so loud , I could hear it while painting with the spray booth fans running ...
 Volume is just a little louder than a regular phone . Worked o.k. for knowing phone was ringing while I was in the yard . However , died after about a year . Will be looking for a different model .
 NOT LOUD . A waste of time and money if you are hard of hearing . Barely audiable even with hearing aids . David Gaines
 well this light does fold up quite small but i have several problems with it
 It 's a great light and focuses well but , before you buy , you 'd better look at the cost of those replacement batteries !
 I was in love with my Phorm Light Voyager CCFL Booklight which is no longer made ... ARGH ! So I bought this one and although it looks good and sits well , it sucks up the batteries . The light flickers just a touch but after one long night of reading , the battery is sucked to useless . Batteries are n't cheap for this and going through 2 a week is absolutely irresponsible . If they had an adapter so that I could plug it in when I am near an outlet , I 'd be giving it a much higher review but since it is fairly useless and a drain on the environment to use so many batteries and to have to throw this into the landfill , I can only give it one star . I am back on the quest to find one designed like this one but can be plugged in as well as use batteries . Somewhere is another perfect booklight but this is n't it !
 Do n't buy this garbage - it broke after only 2 uses ... : - -LRB-
 I recently bought this book light as the new bedside lamps we purchased are not suitable for reading in bed . It seemed like a good idea but the light cast was low . It would cover about a page but not both requiring moving the light constantly as you were reading from page to page . On bigger than paperback size books the bottom of the page was poorly lit . It also did not have a strong clip thus making it a little wobbly on the book . I plan on returning it this weekend
 This is a comfortable light to use and the light itself is easy to read by and does not disturb my slumbering spouse , but unfortunately the thing just does n't work reliably . The issue is the push button switch . When it works , it could take five or six clicks -- or it could take twenty . Or it might not come on at all.If it worked , I 'd be a happy camper . But it just does n't .
 My daughter received this kit for her birthday . It 's a great idea and comes with lots of color options . However , the paint pens are of VERY low quality . They each have a plug in them to preserve the paint , but the plugs are the same color as the rest of the pen and very hard to see or remove . The pen part is a soft and thin plastic . This proves to be a very bad combination ! When my daughter squeezed the pen the entire thing exploded in her face ! :-LRB- She had blue paint in her eyes , mouth , hair , etc. and was horrified . Awful . My husband inspected another pen and had a hard time removing the plug . The slight pressure he had placed on the pen part caused the paint to squirt out all over him once he got the plug out . Ugh ! We are artists and work with all sorts of paints . I 've never seen this before , especially for a kid craft . I would n't recommend this product at all . If you do buy it , please be careful when preparing the pens for your child 's use .
 This filter was recommended by Hayward and x-10 as a fix for the electronic noise the Hayward ecostar pool pump produces that interferes with x-10 wireless modules . Even though the filter is advertised as 220v , it only filters one leg -LRB- 110v -RRB- . If you need to filter both 220v legs you have to buy two filters with no guarantee that it would work . Never-the-less , it would only provide sporatic filtering capabilities when the pump ran at low speeds and none at higher speeds . Essentaily useless for this application .
 THIS IS THE CHEAPEST , UGLIEST PULL I EVER DID SEE . WHOEVER SAID YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR , IS CERTAINLY RIGHT . THIS PULL IS N'T WORTH A DIME . I ALREADY THREW IT AWAY IN THE TRASH , AS ITS NOT EVEN WORTH MY TIME SENDING IT BACK . I 'LL NEVER BUY ANOTHER AMEROCK PRODUCT AGAIN !!!
 Do n't use for brewing biodiesel . The impeller does n't hold up and snaps off . After 3 hrs of pumping , yeah , the motor is fine and its thermally protected -LRB- good -RRB- . Nothing was caught in it as all fluid passing thru , went thru 10 micron filter first . I have $ 35 harbor freight pumps that are still chugging away after 4 years of service . Was looking to move fluid at a faster rate but failed .
 Spent hours trying to get this pump to work , followed directions , can not seem to get a prime , used foot valve , will return !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Priming it is a pain , and when it does work , the water barely leaks out - no pressure at all . Not sure how these people are running sprinklers with it . Water comes out no faster than gravity .
 This pump 's product description needs only state two things
 I bought this pump to replace a 1/2 HP pume I have . It was getting old and needed to be replaced . This 1 HP pump delivered less water than my old pump , and was hard to prime . I sent it back and rebuilt my old pump !
 I bought one of these pumps last winter but did not get to try it out till this summer . After trying to get it primed for about an hour it finally spit out a little water , and I mean a little . If you have to put it in a creek or pond make sure the bank is not higher than 5 feet because it will pump enough water to run a sprinkler . All this pump is good for is running a small fish pond .
 Pump works great , but only for 4 minutes at a time before the thermal overload switches it off . Calls to Wayne technical support resulted in suggestions that the pump can not be run off an extension cord -LRB- must have > 115V under load , which it did -RRB- , or in the sunlight -LRB- same problem in the shade -RRB- . Nothing to do but return it and hope to find something more dependable and better-engineered .
 Very poor head ; requires filling the priming port every time - which is a real pain . After 6 months -LRB- 6 uses -RRB- it stopped working altogether . I would n't recommend this pump to anyone .
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT AS IT IS ADVERTISED AND I COULD NOT RETURN IT WITHOUT AN AUTHORIZATION FROM THE CO. . I WROTE 4 E-MAILS REQUESTING THE LABEL AND THUS FAR NO RESPONSE FROM THE COMPANY . THERFORE , I AM STUCK WITH AN ITEM THAT I DO N'T NEED.IN ADDITION , THE ADD STATED '' CLASSICS PULLS 4pk '' BUT IT IS ONLY ONE PIECE . THEREFORE , SHOULD YOU NEED THIS ITEM I RECOMMEND THAT YOU CHECK WITH LOWES OR HOME DEPOT . THAT WAY YOU WILL NOT ONLY SAVE OVER $ 12 OF SHIPPING FEES BUT ALSO YOU WILL BE ABLE TO RETURN IT IF YOU DO N'T LIKE IT.DON ' T BUY IT FROM THIS COMPANY -LRB- VERY UNRELIABLE -RRB- .
 It is now Feb 10th , the order was placed on Jan 10th , one month ago , and I have still not received it ... although I was billed on my charge card immediately . I received a confirmation e-mail on Jan 14 that the order had been dispatched by UPS Surface , and `` expected to arrive within 5 to 10 working days '' ... that is , between Jan 18 and 28 . Becoming concerned , and very impatient , I followed up on Feb 4 to see what was up with the order . I was told by e-mail that the order was now being sent by the US Postal Service and should arrive within 7 to 10 working days . Why the big fat lie that it had already been sent by UPS ??? What a way to run a business ... on lies ! This service is outrageous , as was the shipping and handling cost for a simple small package . At $ 42.32 the order could have easily been delivered by FedEx , or some -LRB- any ? -RRB- other courier within a day or two . You should be ashamed of your delivery system and the service you expect customers to put up with . I am NOT impressed . R. Holmes
 Lack of adjusting features makes the unit uncomfortable to wear . Hence people do not like them and do not wear them .
 I already had the older version and thought that these would be better because of the higher Db rating . It seems that for some reason ZEM redesigned the head-band as well and the new head-band is shorter than the old one . It might work OK for someone with a small head or a woman or a child but for an adult male it is just too short to go over my head without being too tight . Kind of boggled my mind why they would even change the head-band , the older version works well and I still use it .
 I purchased this item as a backup to my electronic hearing protection that I use on the pistol range and during hunting.Although somewhat of a subjective opinion , the SensGard seems to be about as effective as solid in-the-ear plugs , but not as effective as over-the-ear passive muffs when blocking loud noises . Normal voice-level sound is muffled , making speech hard to understand .
 i should have listened to other reviewers when they said they were too big . they are way too big and not very cushy.only pro was that they stayed put very well . did n't keep them , returned them .
 this product is terrible they look nothing like in the picture have little cushion and dont stay on your knees steer clear ...
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 The parts did not fit right . When I wanted to return them I did as I was asked to . I went online and filled out the form and submitted it . They never got back to me . I asked Amazon to contact them which they did . And still they did n't get to me.Very poor way to do business . I would caution anyone do business with this outfitDavid
 We are currently building our house and have been working on it for two years . We have installed about 1/3 of the locks in the house , so far . I bought the Baldwin locks because they have a good reputation and I liked the distressed finish . The hardware itself feels great and works great . The problem is the oil rubbed bronze finish . We have a lock that goes from the garage to the mud room , and the finish has already worn off and the brass is showing through . I realized the finish would change over time , but the lock has only been installed for a little over a year!I wrote to the company to ask them if they had something I could rub on it to make it look brown , again . He said there was n't anything . I am disappointed that I paid so much for locks that look bad after one year . I wish I had stuck with the Schlage locks I had at my old place . I had those for 15 years and they looked and functioned great . I made the mistake of thinking that Baldwin was a better quality and would stand behind their finish . Beware !
 The plate that goes over the door knob gets loose over time . Now , every time the door is unlocked it pops off . Very annoying . It would be better if the cover was screwed in like the rest of the door knobs in my house .
 While these are great looking door handles , for some reason the latches on these were brass , and did not match the satin nickel finish on the rest of the hardware.Thanks to Amazon for offering a partial refund since I already had these installed and it would have cost me even more to have them all removed to be shipped back , but still it does n't make sense why it did n't match .
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 Note this unit did not work for me . I called Chamberlain and they said this unit is for older security + units that operate at 390 and the newer models like the one I purchased HD200D operate on 315 frequency . For newer units that use 315 the correct remote is the 371LM or 950D
 These guys are the classic flim-flam artists . I bought the receiver and remote from them as a package only to find out that the remote they sold me did n't work -LRB- different frequency -RRB- with the receiver . -LRB- Gee , do n't you think THEY would have known that they worked on different frequencies . What was the guy on the phone thinking ??? -RRB- Anyway , I returned it at my expense , they then charged me shipping up front for the replacement . It 's now a month later and I still have n't received it . Their `` Lack of Customer Service '' department tells me it is back-ordered . BUT , as of today -LRB- june 25 , 2007 -RRB- it is listed as `` In Stock '' here on Amazon.My advice ... STAY AWAY
 The item was sent in a timely manner but I ordered the wrong model . I sent several emails trying to return but never received a response .
 Compnay sent wrong products twice - They made me pay for the return mail both times plus extra postage . Not happy .
 company send me the whrong product and i send it back for credit but they deduct the shipping charges and is was not my fault that they send that product . I think was not fare that they could do that to their custumers if is their mistake . Very dasaponted . I lost over 14 dollar in this deal.why ??? MR.ADORNO
 Some weeks ago I bought this control for my garage door , the seller send me another model instead this one arguing that it 's also works with my garage door , the other product was cheaper and it didnt work . I leave EEUU , so I can ask for refund . I do n't recomend to buy it also takes 2 weeks to arrive .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 This is a cheap mailbox and it feels like it and works like it . I put it up but it would not stay in place.However , it was a mailbox and served its purpose
 This is an exceedingly poorly designed mailbox . The bottom has 4 large holes -LRB- 1.5 inch diameter -RRB- and 6 smaller holes -LRB- 0.75 inch diameter . I suppose the holes are there to allow critters such as spiders and mice to easily access the mailbox for their homes . The front door has large raised `` U.S. Mail '' letters and a large raised eagle symbol that destroys a smooth surface for posting self-adhesive mailbox numbers over practically the entire front of the door . There is a small , one inch space at the bottom of the door for numbers but no where near enough space for a standard 2 inch number or letter . Too bad the dimwitted Fulton engineers who designed this crap were incapable of seeing the problems with such a design . Bottom line is this ... do NOT walk away from this mailbox ... RUN !!!!
 From reading reviews , this sounded strong enough to discourage my horses from leaning on their fences . I have used solar-powered fences before , and had great experiences -LRB- especially here in Arizona - we have a LOT of sun -RRB- . But it very infrequently sends out a quiet buzz . All my horses have learned to completely ignore it , and my fences are back to being a mess.This might work for rabbits - let me modify that - very TIMID rabbits , but sure does n't help with large animals .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I BOUGHT ONE OF THESE @ A HOME DEPOT STORE.The hi speed rotary tool is comfortable to handle.The variable speed motor is easily adjustable with a slider switch.The tool kit included is a good selection of pieces.The tool I got had a defect right out of the box.I discovered that the tool has a wobble in the shaft . with a 2 inchlong tool inserted in the chuck it is quite noticeable . I returned to the store and checked out 2 more -LSB- new in the box -RSB- and they all had this defect . At 35000 rpm top speed this could be hazardous to use . Be aware that this defect may be found in other units .
 I ADORE Peel-Away stripper . It 's fantastic . I reviewed it separately.Peel-Away PAPER is a giant rip-off in my opinion . Plastic wrap , or painter 's masking plastic , or thin gauge wastebasket liners work better . And they 're a lot cheaper .
 Not worth the money - does not help . I wanted to strip paint from brick and it it only stuck and made it worse .
 I bought this to strip lead paint off the columns on the porch of a 100 year old house . It did n't strip more that one layer of paint , and generally was very messy to work with . I ended up using a heat gun .
 I ordered four of these for our office and none of them worked as they were supposed to work . They would work if a lamp was plugged into the control spot , but not when the computer was plugged into the control spot , even when the sensitivity setting was adjusted as far as it could go . Their website simply stated that if this was the case , something else should be plugged into the control spot ; but the whole point of purchasing them was so that when we turned off our computers , the peripherals would go off as well . I returned all of them .
 I needed this thing to work . I really did . But no matter what kind of micro-adjustment I make to the sensitivity , it either does not power things up , or does not power things down . The ` master ' is a run of the mill Dell desktop - and the product documentation specifies that this works with computers . I may understand if I plugged in an alarm clock or something as the master , but no - was playing by the book and got burned . The thing is no more useful than a regular power strip . Sounds like some people got this to work - good for them - but if you are the type of person that likes to be assured of purchasing quality goods , pass on this puppy .
 I had high hopes for this product to use with my TV , cable , VHS and DVD . Per the company 's recommendation , the cable should be left hot to maintain settings and turning the TV on would control everything else . The first SCG4 product arced and left a burn spot . The company would not send me a new one until I returned the damaged one . Given a difficult `` built-in '' setup , I have to hire someone each time I need to install/dismantle the surge strip so I gave them my credit card to send another one so I could do the dismantle and reinstall in one service call and left everything off until it arrived . -LRB- One month later , I have confirmation that they recieved the original burnt unit but they still hold my credit card until they `` have time '' to look the unit over and see the burn mark for themselves . -RRB- The second unit also arced and the TV service tech helping me advised that the unit be disconnected entirely . I just went to get a new surge strip -LRB- with more joules -RRB- and will need to hire the tech again to install it . With what I have gone through so far , I will just eat the cost as a learning experience .
 Does n't work.It 's not sensitive enough to work with a low wattage tuner that draws about 15 watts when on and 2 watts when off . Can be set to turn on the controlled outlets , but will not turn them off . If sensitivity is adjusted to turn them off , it will not turn them back on .
 As I understood this product from the Oprah show , all appliances plugged into this strip turn off and draw no power when `` off '' ... Be aware that it does not work quite that way and will not save you as much power as you might think -LSB- very little , actually -RSB- . A `` Control device '' such as a TV must be plugged into the `` control device outlet '' and thus is always on in the `` Standby mode '' drawing power , waiting for a command , for instance , from your remote control . Other devices , such as , DVD player or VHS player can not be operated unless the `` Control Device '' is turned `` On '' -LSB- This is okay -RSB- , but others such as CD player or Stereo Receiver can not be turned on unless `` Control Device '' -LSB- TV -RSB- is turned on , thus these must be plugged into a `` live '' , or `` always on '' outlet ... Just be aware of this before you buy ... It should be fine for PC peripherials ...
 I purchased this item and it was working well , until it started to act up not even a year later . It would make certain items flick on and off and eventually the whole thing quit on me .
 Bought 2 of these strips in January 2008 . They seemed to work fine until June 2009 . Strange thing , they both started making this terrible , irritable noise everytime a device was cut on . I had to stop using them and of course , the warranty was up . I would not recommend these strips , I went back to using my old ones , which have been working for years .
 We bought -LRB- 3 -RRB- Still not sure they work . You have to adjust them a lot to get the `` slave '' devises turn off when the `` master '' is turned off .
 This product seems to keep clicking and I am not sure why . Not sure if it reduces the electricity usage , or what . I might not have it hooked up properly , but have my TV , DVD , Surround Sound and all the parts of my entertainment center plugged into it .
 Smart Strip SCG4 failed after a short while . When it switched on it would just buzz . Also , before it failed it was nearly impossible to set the adjustment so that it would switch on and off when I turned on/off the laptop connected to the control outlet . With the short life of the product , I 'm sure I never saved the cost of the outlet strip in electricity savings .
 It sounded like a great idea but I have used the SCG5 not SCG4 for several weeks now but have still not been able to get my hard-drives & speakers to turn on & off with my Mac G4 tower plugged in to the master outlet . I continue to adjust the sensitivity knob as instructed , but so far no luck . I may just have to turn it on & off manually .
 I ordered this product thinking I would be saving money . Some electronics need to be kept on to operate . For instance if you have a DVR you cant turn it off due to recordings occurring while not watching . Its very sensitive about turning off all things plugged into it , I had to adjust it several times and it still doesnt operate as promised . For all this money and Im still leaving things on , where is the savings ?
 Bought this looking to save a little power when my computer is n't on . It 's designed to sense when the computer is on and shut off power to everything else to save the `` standby power '' Unfortunately , product does n't work as advertised and the company has so far failed on their thirty-day money-back guarantee.In theory , this product is a good idea - and if it worked I would have no complaints . But it does n't .
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I never received this item due to my address being wrong . Ant Online and Amazon would not help me get this to my correct address for my wedding . UPS needed one of them to call and confirm the right address and neither of them would .
 This has to be the cheapest junk imaginable and to charge $ 35.00 for it is a rip off at best and a scam at worst the bits are marked so tiny and lightly you can barely read them also the hex bits half are marked both sae and metric which is impossible unless you are stupid BUYER BEWARE IF YOU WANT TO SPEND $ 35 ON A SET THAT YOU CAN GET AT THE NEAREST JUNK STORE FOR $ 2 STAY AWAY FROM THIS TRASH !!!!!!!!
 I have purchased many Wiha tools and this is the first time I was not satisfied . Bits looked and felt cheap , the extension was a joke , and the case was too flimsy to hold it all together . The first time I tried using the extension , the ball that was supposed to hold the bits in fell out in my hand . I returned it and now a proud owner of precision screwdrivers from Wera . Hopefully Wiha will get their act together on the System 4 tools and improve the quality control measures . Thanks to Amazon , returns were painless and fast !
 I ended up not using this product ... The return policy was such a hassel I just kept it ... If your not sure about a product from this place dont get it .
 Not a good product . The sprayer just does not work . It does not fit on the faucets as claimed . It is too small for the 1 1/2 bath faucet and leaks all over on a smaller tap .
 Product was shipped in plastic bag so opened before noticing that this set of cutters should not have gotten through quality assurance at the plant , one tip of the cutter seemed to have been accidentally blunted during manufacture.I was intending to use these to clip guitar strings after installing a new set , but cutting surfaces were not hard enough to cut one set of strings without putting some serious gaps in them.So I would only recommend for cutting soft materials . I love my 20 year old Xcelite pliers and cutters but will avoid their products in the future .
 This product is as described as far as the description goes . What they do n't tell you is that the lamp has no on/off switch . You have to plug/unplug or have a switch on your power source . They also do n't tell you that the product has a warning that it contains lead which causes cancer and that you should wash your hands after handling it . What a pain ! Why should an aluminum lamp with a cord contain lead ? Get the lead out ! Made in China
 I purchased two of these hurricane lamps in preparation for a hurricane . They arrived and both of the glass tops were broken . They were so cheaply made , I can not imagine that they would ever survive shippment . Do yourself a favor . Save your money . I wish I had .
 THIS BEAUTIFUL DESIGN LAMP WAS ORDERED FOR ME FOR MOTHER 'S DAY.TODAY I WAS ABOUT TO MOVE THIS LAMP TO ANOTHER LOCATION AWAY FROM THE DINING ROOM TABLE.AS I LIFTED IT FROM THE MIDDLE BOWL AREA , THE LAMP COLLAPSED AND THE HURRICAINE GLOBE FLEW OFF AND SMASHED ONTO THE FLOOR.IF THE LAMP HAD BEEN LIT AND I HAD NOT KEPT MY HANDS ON IT , THE WICK AND BOWL SECTION WOULD HAVE ROLLED ACROSS THE TABLE , SETTING EVERYTHING ON FIRE.THE TRUTH IS , UPON VERY CLOSE INSPECTION , THE LAMP ACTUALLY WAS MADE IN TWO PIECES AND THE BOWL AREA AND THE BASE WERE GLUED TOGETHER AT THE NARROW AREA WHERE THE BASE BEGINS.THE GLUE GAVE WAY AND THE ACCIDENT HAPPENED.I HAVE NEVER SEEN AN OIL LAMP MADE THIS WAY . IT IS AN ACCIDENT WAITING TO HAPPEN WITH POSSIBLE DISASTEROUS RESULTS.I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO FIND THE COMPANY WHO MAKES THIS BUT WILL CONTINUE TO SEARCH.T.L.L.HOUSTON , TX
 I should have listened to one of the reviews I read about how the base just came off when the lamp was picked up . When I unpacked the lamp , the heavy glass base was already separated from the rest of the lamp . The base is just glued to the rest of the lamp and , apparently , not very well glued . Rather than deal with the aggravation of returning it and trying to get a credit , I just glued the base back on with super glue , and I will be careful if I lift it . Too bad because it is a good looking lamp .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 One of these lights only worked for a couple of days . Also , looking at the pictures they looked much brighter that they were when I received them .
 I am the assistant manager of a smallish , but very busy grocery store . I am constantly stocking , cleaning , ordering and spending time in the freezer and cooler.For years I have been searching for gloves that let me have a reasonable amount of dexterity , do a good job protecting my hands and do n't wear out in a week or two . After reading all the great reviews I thought the Mechanix gloves were a `` ca n't miss . `` I am sad to say that just like all the other gloves I have tried , the Mechanix gloves had holes in the fingers after the first couple of weeks . I have stitched them up , so maybe I can get another week or two out of them , but the bang for the buck is terrible compared to all the other `` disposable '' gloves I have purchased for $ 2-3 a pair and would last at least a week.The bottom line for my experience was great functionality , but horrible durability . I am hard pressed to imagine that the folks that are getting months or years out of their Mechanix gloves are actually wearing them for hard use 40-50 hours every week like I am .
 These gloves fit VERY good and are extremely comfortable , but I just do n't want to buy a new pair every 2 months ... These things get holes in the after about a month and expand drastically until the point where they are unusable ... Overall , they are amazing gloves , but need to stitch them better so they do n't get holes as quickly !!!
 The pair I received were poorly stitched . The stitching was not even uniform . The gloves are n't bad but clearly poor QC on Mechanix Wear 's end . Check the fingers and stitching when you get them . UPDATE palm and fingers have several holes and cuts in them . I wo n't buy anymore of these unless the change the material .
 I loved these gloves , they fit my XXL hands just fine and provided good flexiblity and protection . I recently used up my last pair and ordered a bunch more only to find out they have been extensively redesigned.If you liked the Orginals these are no longer them . For one thing they fit much tighter and I would be surprised if they actually sized much more than a XL even though they are selling them as XXL . The long and short of it is that I returned them due to sizing issues . Based on the XXL sixing I would say to order a size up if you want a good fit.Other changes include changed closure and fabric around the thumb and index finger . I do not know if these changes are good or bad as I have not used them but feel the changes to the closure which is now much thicker plastic are bad.Can someone recommend a good glove in XXL to replace this brand .
 These are REALLY cheaply made . The metal is inconsistent . It bends in random places and seems to crack . The side screw holes are n't aligned with the direction the fixture can be adjusted . I hard to twist it and the metal paint broke around the seam.It looks so much better in the picture ... it arrived in a third-world looking box with Mexican news paper stuffed everywhere . Strange ...
 Hi , I bought this kit at Home Depot . I am not a professional ... but I know how to strip cables , do odd jobs around the house etc.The stripper worked just ok ... the blade moves around a bit not very sharp.Anyway stripped cable according to instructions but could n't get connector to join to cable . Kept falling off.Tried about 5 times ... restripping ... compressing ... no luck.I thought I must be missing something so went back to Home Depot . . guy there pulled out a replacement.He tried ... same problem.I do n't know ... either both of us are wrong ... or kit is no good.I suspect that the kit did n't like my cable ... but surely it should work with any RG6?I would n't recommend this kit unless you do this for a living .
 I bought this based on reviews - Waited 11 days for this to arrive after I placed the order . Finally , I attempted to prepare some ends and nothing seemed to work . I 'm very handy and good at problem solving , watched some you tubes and confirmed I was doing everything correct . After several attempts of using RG6 quad coax cable the compression fitting that came with the kit will pull right off !!!!!!!! I 'm currently in frustrated mode - My cable is 5 years + old - not sure if that is the reason ?? Will follow up once solved .
 The first attempt I made at stripping some RG6 , the blade on the stripper moved out of it 's proper position and I ca n't get it back . The crimp tool seems to work reasonably well .
 I purchased this kit based on the reviews - but I would suggest spending the extra money and buying better tools and connectors . The connectors in this kit did not work with the quad shield cable I own , plus the stripper is unlike any other I 've seen , it does * not * strip both sections in one pass as other tools do , making the user guestimate the proper length -LRB- 1/4 '' -RRB- for each section - annoying.Also , the instructions fail to mention that you must remove the outer layer of foil and fold back the two layers of braiding for quad cables . I suggest spending more money on connectors and tools , e.g. I 've had good luck with Digicon . You wo n't regret it .
 I am unhappy with this tool kit . The stripper is cheap plastic with a little blade . The crimp tool tends to just push out the cable from the connector instead of actually crimping anything . I did finally get one on but after a month the tv started looking fuzzy . I went to wiggle the wire and it came right out of the connector . I am very handy with electrical and mechanical stuff around the house . One thing I can not stand is inferior tools and this is a cut rate tool for consumers . I 'm not sure why everyone else is so happy with this product , I think it is junk .
 I have tried everything and can not force the prepped coax all the way up into the connector so that white insulation on the center wire is flush with the back wall of the compartment . The problem seems to be that due to the thickness of the layers of shielding and the black outer insulation on the rg-6 quad cable I am trying to use -LRB- impact acoustincs -RRB- will not fit into the small collar on these connectors . I would need another tool just to get the connectors seated all the way on the coax . Something that would grip the coax close to the connector and then would jam the connector and the coax together . Once this was accomplished , then this crimper could be used to secure it on the cable . Without this , I am going to have to buy a different product that works with ALL rg-6 quad cable .
 After about a dozen compression fittings , the pin for the center hinge broke on the compression tool . It was a cheap metal alloy . The tool worked pretty good up until that point . I ca n't say I will buy another datashark product .
 Bought as a back up set to keep in the basement.cutter is not as great as my other set.go to one depot or lowes and get a better Set for this price .
 We tried this sink in black at home from Lowe 's but it 's actually more anthracite than black and did n't match our granite topped so settled on white which matches our tile counters . Unfortunately the white stains VERY easily and is very difficult to keep clean . We 're planning on returning it as soon as we can find a good alternative .
 Purchased this to hang drywall on ceilings as advertised . The cleats are rudimentary and the 400lb capacity Jak is way overkill for a sheet of drywall . The real problem is lifting one edge of drywall over your head to a height of 8 ' -LRB- bending , cracking , difficult to position in tight spots -RRB- , inserting the edge under the cleats , reaching for the T-Jak and adjusting the sliding nut to a height that will support the other edge of drywall . The instructions are completely inadequate - no tips or hints on making this awkward process safer or easier . Three sheets came crashing down around me before I could get them positioned.The T-Jak is just great for hanging cabinets . The adjusting nut means you can dial in cabinet height exactly . If you hang cabinets often , this is the tool.I 'm a home repair professional . If I had to do it again , I would probably purchase the 3rd Hand as a more versatile addition to my business .
 I bought two of these , and put them to use a couple days later . I had the project all glued up and started clamping . One of the clamps broke -LRB- the pig iron in the mechanism -RRB- , without my having put much pressure on it at all.When it 's glue time , it 's crunch time , and failures like this are inexcusable . Unless they can send me a new clamp before my glue dries , I do n't care how friendly and responsive their customer service is.Since then I 've purchased about 10 similar Bessey clamps , and have n't had a bit of trouble with them . I wo n't go back to Jorgensen -- ca n't afford the risk .
 Wow ! The first can of flat black started clogging after twenty seconds of spraying . Thought it was just the spray nozzle , so I cleaned it and placed it back onto the can . Again , I got dozens of dry paint particles like the paint had been exposed to air . I opened up another aerosol can and this spray pattern was great at first . I used half the can and it began to clog . I switched to can # 3 and had the same problem . I have been using Rust ` Oleum for years and this is my first negative experience with their products . Sucks that I wasted money . Had to sand down the areas where the paint particles settled and repaint with a higher quality flat black . You get what you pay for ! Three 15oz cans for the price of two at my local store of a higher quality -LRB- Rust ` Oleum flat black advanced formula -RRB- . Knew there was a catch . I will stick with Rust ` Oleum flat black advanced formula . Only costs a couple of bucks more . UPDATE : ORIGINALLY GAVE ONE STAR , BUT SINCE I FIGURED IT MUST SPRAY UPSIDE DOWN WITHOUT GETTING CLOGGED I TRIED JUST THAT AND IT WORKS LIKE IT SHOULD . HOWEVER , ONE SHOULD NOT HAVE TO TURN A SPRAY CAN UPSIDE DOWN TO PREVENT CLOGGING . To Do this after spraying is normal , but not during spraying . Yes , I have to hold the cans continuously in that position or they will clog up . I give this product two stars since I can actually use the paint now .
 Sorry ... there is no substitution for the real thing!I tried this stuff on my microwave and the color and texturelooks as fake as can be . It does n't look like stainless steel.It looks like grey paint , silver paint or something in between but it ai n't stainless steel . My alternative is to now contact one of these online companies that can custom cut a piece of stainless steel each for my microwave and oven.JT
 I have very small hands and purposely ordered these as they were described as `` small '' size - and it even says that on the packing slip . However , the label says `` one size '' and they are huge . Very frustrating !
 The product description is inaccurate . This key does NOT fit the DA3000R , and may not fit others listed .
 I bought a life-time warranty Moen kitchen faucet about 10 years ago . Within a couple of years the calls to Moen service started . An unending stream of problems with that faucet , none related to each other except for being part of the same Moen faucet . The chrome peeled off the plastic shroud just below the handle . The spring in the soap dispenser collapsed to a small fraction of its former capability . The chrome nozzle on the soap dispenser discolored . The same nozzle eventually just fell out . The hand soap in the dispenser eventually came out brown because of the pump mechanism rusting inside . The plastic sprayer handle simply snapped off one day . The chromed plastic cap on the top of the handle where it connects to the rest of the faucet simply fell off because a tab on the underside apparently cracked . The faucet started squealing when moving the lever , so the cartridge had to be replaced . Naturally , all these problems would n't be complete without water leakage issues on occasion . So far no problem getting replacement parts though . We call Moen up , tell them what 's wrong , they 're not at all surprised , and they send new parts . We go without whatever functionality is missing for a week -LRB- eg . no water in the kitchen -RRB- , the parts arrive , and I repair it yet again . It is repair-the-Moen-faucet week again in our household , but this time in dismantling the faucet , the head of the screw that holds the lever on just twisted right off like it was made of butter . So , tomorrow we call again for yet another replacement part because the screw shaft could not be removed . It 's obvious by looking at it that Moen designed in a screw that was far too small for the application . Lucky thing it 's covered by a life-time warranty , right ? Do not be fooled , `` life-time warranty '' does not mean you 're getting quality because you wo n't be getting quality at all . All it means is that their margins are so incredibly high that they can afford to keep sending out replacement parts to the persistent few who do n't just toss out the faucet and buy a whole new one . My advice ? Stay away from Moen products , whether they have life-time warranties or not . The aggravation is n't worth it . I have friends with Moen fixtures who tell me they have very similar problems . I wish I could point you to a better brand , but I have n't figured that out yet . I know what I wo n't be buying ever again - Moen .
 I ordered the Moen # 87581 kitchen faucet for parts , no longer available separately . Unfortunately , I was sent a different Moen faucet , similar , but with components not matching the faucet I ordered . Kind of hard to rate this experience positively .
 I bought a life-time warranty Moen kitchen faucet about 10 years ago . Within a couple of years the calls to Moen service started . An unending stream of problems with that faucet , none related to each other except for being part of the same Moen faucet . The chrome peeled off the plastic shroud just below the handle . The spring in the soap dispenser collapsed to a small fraction of its former capability . The chrome nozzle on the soap dispenser discolored . The same nozzle eventually just fell out . The hand soap in the dispenser eventually came out brown because of the pump mechanism rusting inside . The plastic sprayer handle simply snapped off one day . The chromed plastic cap on the top of the handle where it connects to the rest of the faucet simply fell off because a tab on the underside apparently cracked . The faucet started squealing when moving the lever , so the cartridge had to be replaced . Naturally , all these problems would n't be complete without water leakage issues on occasion . So far no problem getting replacement parts though . We call Moen up , tell them what 's wrong , they 're not at all surprised , and they send new parts . We go without whatever functionality is missing for a week -LRB- eg . no water in the kitchen -RRB- , the parts arrive , and I repair it yet again . It is repair-the-Moen-faucet week again in our household , but this time in dismantling the faucet , the head of the screw that holds the lever on just twisted right off like it was made of butter . So , tomorrow we call again for yet another replacement part because the screw shaft could not be removed . It 's obvious by looking at it that Moen designed in a screw that was far too small for the application . Lucky thing it 's covered by a life-time warranty , right ? Do not be fooled , `` life-time warranty '' does not mean you 're getting quality because you wo n't be getting quality at all . All it means is that their margins are so incredibly high that they can afford to keep sending out replacement parts to the persistent few who do n't just toss out the faucet and buy a whole new one . My advice ? Stay away from Moen products , whether they have life-time warranties or not . The aggravation is n't worth it . I have friends with Moen fixtures who tell me they have very similar problems . I wish I could point you to a better brand , but I have n't figured that out yet . I know what I wo n't be buying ever again - Moen .
 The service was excellent , but the sink is green rather then white ! That makes me less than happy . When I order a white vessel sink I expected it to be white , not green .
 Not worth the money compared to what I could have bought for much less . I ordered 2 and one of them does n't work . I could n't return it because I tossed the boxes out before I had a chance to install and test them . My mistake and loss . The shades are cheap and flimsy for the price of the lamp . Extremely Disappointed . Shows me that you do n't always get what you pay for .
 I purchased this kit to test the hardness of water after treatment by the water softener . The water sample was collected and mailed as per directions . Never received results or any other communication from the company .
 One of the reasons this set appealed to me is the box , I am a neat freak and my tools are all kept clean and organized on the truck.Tried these bits twice so far and found them to be of '' Fair quality `` Blade tip is very rough . BOX BROKE THE FIRST DAY . Box hinges are made of extruded plastic and is very thin and brittle .
 First off , I 'm an elecrician who had to run to the store in a hurry for drill bits . If it would 've been at my leisure I would 've NOT bought these . The case . I take care of ALL my tools . I 'm a bit anal when it comes to that . They all go in their proper cases and bags . Cords nicely wrapped . The third time I opened this case the hinges fell apart . JUNK ! The second time I used the 1 1/4 '' bit with a DeWalt 18V cordless on a double pine ceiling joist the 1/4 '' shank bent under stress . I make sure to look for nails in the wood before drilling and that was definetly not the case . Like I said , I take care of my tools . That would just ruin a NON-nail eater . Now if I HAVE to use the bit , the drill wobbles around while using it . The 1 '' happened just as the 1 1/4 '' did . The smaller bits might be fine as they 're not taking on a lot of stress . I plan to work those too when it comes time to low volt a house .
 These bits seem like a good but they were terrible . 12v , 18v and corded 1/2 '' drill and they could barely get through 3/4 '' plywood without jamming up .
 My advice to you is that unless you have a very large and powerful drill you DO NOT buy this set . The problem is with the four larger sizes . They grab too much wood and literally stops the drill , and I am talking about DeWalt and Makita ELECTRIC 1/2 inch drills here . After you start the hole it will lock immediately , even if you back off for a split second until the drill achieves full RPM 's again , and then ever so gently try to easy your way into the wood , no good , and I was working with regular redwood.My advice is you buy DeWalt better quality bits that will last you for very long time and will not loose their sharpeness , AND you can ease your way into the wood without ever locking.I thought these `` speedbor '' bits would be a great addition to my tools but in reality they just frustrated me.One last detail -LRB- I really do n't like these ones , can you tell ? -RRB-
 This item arrived broken , boards were poorly nailed and detaching and the inside metal part of the door was bent.Opened the box , got the mailbox out , looked at it , put it back in the shipping box and asked for a return label . So desappointed !!! I 'm giving 1 star because I need to . It does not deserve any .
 I purchased this mail box on Amazon as the local place that carries them were out and would not be in stock for a long time . When the new mail box arrived I took the old box down , first mistake , then opened the -LRB- undamaged -RRB- box and found the new box was broke in 2 places , because I had already taken the old one down I had to spend the next hour fixing the new box and because there was nothing included to mount it I had to spend more time making a base so I could install this on the existing post . I wonder if the place selling it knew it was broke and just passed it along .
 Honestly ? The illustrations on the box are deceptive , and make this look like a really well built little mailbox . It 's not . The construction is cheap and shoddy . The three front pieces on the door are n't aligned with each other at all , and look like a school kid cut them out and glued them on . Staples were visible from the front . Took it out of the box , looked at it , and decided immediately , without a moment 's hesitation , that it was being returned . I 'm giving it two stars because delivery was excellent -LRB- always is ! -RRB- , return process was a breeze -LRB- always is ! -RRB- and I 'm sure that appearance aside , it is a functional mail box . Two stars may be overly generous - save your money and look elsewhere .
 The face of this product that is red is rippled in certain spots and not smooth . I have two of these and both of them arrived with broken clips that keep the clear drawers from sliding all the way out . Very disappointed .
 This might be a decent drawer unit but it seems a bit flimsy and after having received two broken units I gave up on it . It is probably just as much Amazons fault as the drawer units fault that it arrived broken twice , but in any case it is n't very sturdy . If you do n't mind the drawers falling out then it might be fine but otherwise I would consider buying something else .
 This is n't the Acro Mils organizer that we have had in out garages for years and years.I went out of my way to buy an american product with a name that I already had in my garage . I assume that this will last in my garage for about 5 years before I am ready to buy another . Next time I guess I will have to spend 100.00 each or more to get the quality that I expect.If I would of know that this was chinese grade I would of just bought a chinese product . No backing on the case . I would not hang this on the wall with nuts and bolts . . I guess this product was designed for light items like beads and fly fishing items . Not for the mechanic nuts and bolts type -LRB- I restore small motorcycles -RRB- . I am saddened that American products have had to go so cheap on materials that they have also become throw away products .
 I am really disappointed that I received a product that was not fully functional and had broken parts , or it was a possible design flaw . About 4 or 5 drawers had parts were broken so the drawer does n't open or close properly . Also it took a very long time to receive this product , about 2 weeks . If the drawers were n't broken and the product shipped faster , I would be rating 5 stars . I do n't feel that it is fair that I pay for a new product and the one I received does not work as designed .
 OK storage unit but it arrived without the normal drawer dividers , which effectively halves the number of unique items it can store . But Not worth the hassle to return.Too bad
 I 'd been searching for a better quality organizer than what I 'd seen in the local stores when I decided to give this one a try after reading the reviews.I was disappointed when it arrived and one tiny little piece of plastic that keeps the drawer from falling out was broken on the front edge of the cabinet . These pieces are probably no more then 1/8 of an inch long and wide . I was sure with regular use , more would break . After giving the rest of the product an inspection I decided it really was no better for the price than what I 'd already seen and sent it back . Amazon gave me a full refund and I 'll try something else . The cabinet seemed sturdy enough for the job of holding screws and bolts however , if I had removed the dividers for the drawers from the back I was sure it would have weakened the carcass quite a bit . It might be a value if it cost about 20 bucks but NOT at almost $ 40 .
 This is an excellent cabinet . Seems to be heavy duty . However , there are no drawer dividers included with the cabinet . There are slots for divider placement , but no dividers included .
 My first order of this product arrived and I noticed , like some other reviewers have mentioned , that four of the tabs that keep the drawers from pushing in too far were broken off . It 's obvious how it happens
 I purchased this parts cabinet to organize all the extra screw , bolts , washers , etc. . . I have in my garage.I have several part 's bins for Electronic Components -LRB- resistors , capacitors , transistors , connectors , etc. . . -RRB- I think I have 7 all together.When this Akro-Mils Parts cabinet arrived I was shocked.This is by far he cheapest built parts been I 've ever laid my eyes on . I ca n't believe they can sell it for $ 40.00 with a straight face.The shell is made of a thin hard plastic which feels like it would crack and guess what , it did . Some of the plastic in the back was cracked when it arrived.The drawers were okay -LRB- at best -RRB- but you 'll have to come up with some more dinero if you want dividers for your drawers . Really ! - What a Rip Off.If you 're still looking for a parts cabinet try STACK-ON -LRB- also available through Amazon -RRB- .
 These do not include drawer dividers ! The dividers are another $ 8 for 6 of the large and $ 10 for 16 of the small . This adds up when buying multiple units . I just sank another $ 80 into 4 units just to get dividers ! For the price of this unit considering it is made completely of plastic the dividers should be included . This is nothing but a hidden cost and I find it deceitful .
 Bought three sets of these because they were the right size for my workbench and the red front looked cool . Unfortunately , these bins just do n't hold up in a garage when you fill the drawers with steel nuts , bolts and washers . As the collective weight of all the items in the cabinet goes up , the storage bin literally pulls apart . That cool-looking red front is only press fitted onto the gray backing . Not molded onto it , not glued onto it , not even snapped onto it . As the weight of the parts increases , the gray shelving warps in such a manner that the red front literally pulls away from the gray section . Only happens on the units that I store metal parts . In the unit I store lightweight items like wire nuts , zip ties , and very small screws , the bin is OK . If your needs call for something that will hold drawers full of bolts , screws , washers , etc. , avoid this parts bin and spend the extra money on steel storage bins . That 's what I 'll be doing .
 One of the drawer stops was totally broken and gone . I saw it before I removed the shrink packaging . It should have been caught by quality control .
 This item is not made well . One of the stoppers on the drawer was broken when I received it . Even if this item were in perfect condition , it will not do well holding garage type items such as bolts and nuts . It would seem to do well holding plastic buttons and thread -LRB- for crafts -RRB- .
 The idea of this product is excellent . It gives you a lot of drawers for organizing all those little items lying around in drawers . I would like the drawers themselves to be longer , as it does n't really accommodate tubes of things , such as sunscreen , hair gel , etc.My biggest problem with this product is that the shelves do not sit very snugly in the frame . They slide out if the case is tipped even a little bit forward . When pulling them open , they come out completely too easily . The case itself is very lightweight . The overall feeling of the product is flimsy , with drawers half open or falling out and the case in danger of falling over.This is a good , inexpensive option if you have a lot of little items to keep sorted and some way to secure the case and drawers .
 Mine arrived with two of the small plastic drawer stop tabs broken off - these tabs keep the drawers from being pushed too far into the cabinet when closed . The drawers work ... but they do not stop correctly - this allows them to be misaligned and to push too far into the cabinet . I used small screws and epoxy to fix the problem - I could have returned the item for a replacement but the next one would have been just as poorly made .
 The drawers are sort of cheesy and theres just this cheap feel to it . Its not a bad product for the price , but I guess I was just looking for something of higher quality , I should have forked out some more cash for something better .
 I placed my order and waited nearly 2 weeks before they even acknowledged my order and processed it . once they had it was here in a week , and I like the product . I may have not ordered knowing their long processing time .
 I 'm a gradechecker , use tape measures all day long , most of the jobs I have worked on are in metric.I finally find a metric fatmax tape online , `` home depot , lowes , places like these do n't carry alot of metric tapes '' , anyway I get the new tape , , the second time I pull the tape out , the spring wo n't retract the tape back into its case , so I guess you could say it worked great once , I do n't know I know friends that love these tapes , and have had good luck with them , as for me I do n't think i 'll be buying another one ...
 I wore these gloves while splitting wood with a wood-splitter . The bark on the logs is rough and wore through one of the thumbs after only 5 hours ! If you 're going to be doing real work , I would not recommend these . For light duty work they 'd be OK . The fit is nice .
 These are in no way heavy duty . Period . I am surprised that Dewalt lends its name to get gloves . Poorly made . Wo n't last a summer and clearly not HD .
 The bulb did not work . The glass bulb was not broken , but was making a &#34; rattling &#34; noice when opened and does not operate.I will not order light bulbs like this type again through the mail . Too much trouble to return if broken .
 The bulb is too wide to fit a recessed lighting fixture ... No mention of this in the description ... BEWARE ... Returned for a full refuned
 Made in Taiwan . I 've got no opinion on the quality except I was disappointed that Lisle outsourced a product previously made in the U.S.
 For those with a visual impairment that happen to be handy , this is an extremely useful and needed item ... in fact , it is one of the most frequently used items in this household . The voice is available in both british english or spanish -LRB- this is a binlingual household so have used each -RRB- and although clear , the quality of this product is dismal.Unfortunately at $ 100 per pop - we are lucky to get a years use of this ... the average has been six months to about 18 months with the majority lasting about a year . We baby it and it still breaks . The tape itself is comparable to a low cost version you would get in the check-out line and tends to break over time . Worse , the internal system fails and malfunctions.Pro ` sGreat features ! In addition to talking/speech output , you can hit a button to save the measurement , add several measurements together or perform other handy applicatons that mimick real life applications.Battery life is good - auto shut-off powers down if you do n't have the tape extended but will stay on as long as needed.Metric and standard measurements with easy adjustments for inches , centimeters , etc. . . Will perform basic math calculations with `` add to memory '' setting.Includes case or not when measuring with touch of the button.NegativesExtremely poor quality - breaks constantly . Poor durability .9 volt battery is so tight fits poorly and pops open door - must tape shut for secrity to keep from losing.Tip of tape measure wo n't hold to item - too small to grasp/grab items.Requires extensive baby/careful handling - battery prongs break frequently.If you drop it - it WILL break instantly and irreversible.Crummy warranty.Considering the price , this is nothing short of highway robbery as it is built like a piece of junk ... BUT , it is the ONLY talking tape measure we 've managed to find . For that alone - they get two stars . The price would be fine if the quality was n't so inferior ... but it is inferior and needlessly so.The manufacturers could put a tiny bit of eye toward quality but in the many years of using this product ... have demonstrated they could n't care less.Bottom line ... 1 . if you only need occassional small measurements and are visually impaired then save your money and go with another solution .2 . if you really need a reliable tape measure and can go with any other one than this ... do so .3 . if you are visually impaired or otherwise must have a talking one ... this is your only solution but you will need to replace it FREQUENTLY because it fails quickly . built to break seems to be the motto
 Sorry ... there is no substitution for the real thing!I tried this stuff on my microwave and the color and texturelooks as fake as can be . It does n't look like stainless steel.It looks like grey paint , silver paint or something in between but it ai n't stainless steel . My alternative is to now contact one of these online companies that can custom cut a piece of stainless steel each for my microwave and oven.JT
 Wow ! The first can of flat black started clogging after twenty seconds of spraying . Thought it was just the spray nozzle , so I cleaned it and placed it back onto the can . Again , I got dozens of dry paint particles like the paint had been exposed to air . I opened up another aerosol can and this spray pattern was great at first . I used half the can and it began to clog . I switched to can # 3 and had the same problem . I have been using Rust ` Oleum for years and this is my first negative experience with their products . Sucks that I wasted money . Had to sand down the areas where the paint particles settled and repaint with a higher quality flat black . You get what you pay for ! Three 15oz cans for the price of two at my local store of a higher quality -LRB- Rust ` Oleum flat black advanced formula -RRB- . Knew there was a catch . I will stick with Rust ` Oleum flat black advanced formula . Only costs a couple of bucks more . UPDATE : ORIGINALLY GAVE ONE STAR , BUT SINCE I FIGURED IT MUST SPRAY UPSIDE DOWN WITHOUT GETTING CLOGGED I TRIED JUST THAT AND IT WORKS LIKE IT SHOULD . HOWEVER , ONE SHOULD NOT HAVE TO TURN A SPRAY CAN UPSIDE DOWN TO PREVENT CLOGGING . To Do this after spraying is normal , but not during spraying . Yes , I have to hold the cans continuously in that position or they will clog up . I give this product two stars since I can actually use the paint now .
 Shipping crate was poor and damaged in shipment allowing -LRB- minimal but repairable -RRB- damage to roller . Information that the Roller was only 14 inchs in diameter rather than larger was missing from any internet sources and pictures were deceiving thus the the roller was found to be smaller in diameter that expected . The roller tow bar was not made out of as heavy of material as I would have desired -LRB- 1 inch square stock that had only eight inch walls -RRB- . Otherwise it was OK .
 This item does not have a list price of $ 41.94 , as stated . The list of $ 41.94 is for a box of 6 , and this is only one . It is sold elsewhere for six to ten dollars each . So the price here is not a 76 % savings from a $ 41.94 list price . Instead it is not a savings at all , but rather a cost premium .
 THE PRODUCT WAS VERY POOR QUALITY . I WAS ALSO UNDER THE IMPRESSION THAT IT WAS A TWO PIECE ASSY CONSISTING OF A FLANGE AND POP UP AS DEPICTED . I ALWAYS THOUGHT THAT AN ASSY CONSISTED OF TWO OR MORE COMPONENTS . HOWEVER THE SELLER HAS GRATIOUSLY AGREED TO A FULL REFUND AND I DID N'T NEED TO RETURN THE POPUPS .
 I ordered the Mermaid Gold Shower Head and needed a part that did not come with the shower head . Ive been calling this Zoe Indusstries for days and can not get an answer and no one will call me back . I have sent emails and no reply back . I 'm suspicious ????
 This item is absolute and utter junk . If it is your intent to use this product to to keep anything closed , think again ! I tried to use it to keep a cabinet door closed and the spring is too weak to do that . Think of a double , commercial base cabinet . One door is locked to the second door , and one door has a elbow catch . It 's an inexpensive and common way to keep a door locked . Unfortunately the catch is too weak and too round to be effective . You can simply tug the door handle and the catch gives way.Don ' t waste your money to buy this product or your time & effort installing it !
 Arrived with lots of rust.I do n't entirely mind the rust on the back of the mailbox , or on the bottom of the mailbox , because those surfaces are n't visible unless you 're looking really hard . But when the INSIDE of this thing is covered in blotches of blue rust , I have to draw the line . I do n't want to have to wash my hands every time I reach inside to get my mail.As another reviewer mentioned , the color is n't the orangy brass of the picture -- it looks a lot more copper-colored . Although , in my case , it 's copper-colored with hints of blue peeking out at every seam.Am returning the mailbox . Very disappointed .
 I made a purchase and when my order arrived seller only shipped one roll of tape when listing clearly states four rolls . Seller contacted and refunded payment promptly . Seller stated that listing was a mistake .
 Not sure if this is a good showerhead or not . As others have pointed out , the connecting nut snaps easily when installing . If you want to tighten the head to the shower arm so that no water leaks between the two , the connector will snap , as it did to me . Only solution seems to be to not tighten the nut all the way and let water drip from the poor connection . So , a waste of $ 24 . Would not recommend something that breaks so easily when installing .
 Had to return this immediately as it broke with in the first few days . Most of the construction is plastic and easy to break . The weak spot seems to be the toggle that switches the showers modes . If it does n't break the first week , it will the first year . Besides that its just an average shower head . Good price but you will end up replacing in a year . So in summary , if you do n't mind buy 1 per year , knock yourself out and get it .
 This shower head can function either as a rain shower where it uses all the jets , or as a more traditional shower where it only uses the nozzles in the middle of the shower head.The problem is it is n't good at either.In rain shower mode , you notice the rain pattern is n't very even . Its stronger in the middle , and very soft towards the edges . It feels weak and disappointing even for a rain shower.In the traditional mode , there are insufficient nozzles for it to compete with a single function head like a Kohler Katalyst model . Further it 's not that powerful even without the flow limiter.Final issue is the build quality is really poor . It 's all plastic and feels really cheap . Ca n't imagine this lasting .
 It performed great , shot thin laser beams of water at me -LRB- which I like -RRB- , but the mounting is all plastic , and snapped broken after 6 months of being installed . Now I look like a wristcutter .
 Go cheap , go twice ! We bought this based on reviews and looks , and while it does look good , it is of such poor quality we never got the chance to use it . Furthermore , WaterPik 's low customer service made it a total loss.First of all , this product is entirely plastic . I do n't think there 's an ounce of metal on it . I manually screwed it onto our pipe , turned on the water , and ... it leaked like crazy . Not just a few drops , but a significant stream of water pouring from the connection . I tightened it as much as I could by hand and it still leaked badly , so I got my pipe wrench and tightened it some more . Big mistake . This thing was so cheap it snapped at the threading . I want to be clear that I was not `` cranking it down '' . I was still turning the wrench with one hand and had not even begun to tightly grip the wrench . Apparently you should not use tools on plastic , but when it does n't work in the first place what choice do you have ? Had I just bought a quality metal faucet , I would have been better off on both fronts.Now to the service ... Since we only broke one small piece of the showerhead -LRB- a single piece of molded plastic about 1-2 inches long -RRB- , I was optimistic that we could just reorder that part and pay $ 7 - $ 8 & start over . Wrong ! While WaterPik sells replacement parts on their website , they do n't sell this part -LRB- in fact they only sell a couple products total , and none at all for this showerhead -RRB- . I e-mailed the help and asked if there was some way I could order this part , and was told no . I was told to try to return via Amazon or buy another . They made ZERO effort to help me , even though they obviously have thousands of these parts on hand . I felt they were intentional in their abuse of their customer , and so now they have one less to worry about . Bad company , bad product !! Do NOT buy !!
 Plan on getting in the shower 15 minutes earlier than before . I have to stick each stem of my body under the water sprinkles to get them wet and saturation takes a couple of minutes . It probably takes about 13 seconds to get my hair wet through ; I have short hair . That may not sound like a long time , but count thirteen seconds off and see if that seems normal ; keep in mind , it is only your hair receiving any water at this moment . And to rinse out soap takes longer . If you do n't mind being damp in the shower , go ahead and get this , but if you want to actually get wet , do n't .
 Please save your money . This shower head is a cheap piece of junk and will definitely break like all the claims state . It 's a shame because it is a nifty shower head . They should just engineer it a little better and it will deserve the high rating some give it .
 I recently purchased and installed this item , Had ONE very satisfying shower only to have the thing break on me the NEXT day . I 've used other waterpik items before but none as unreliable as this . Take my advice STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !!!
 This showerhead is junk . We took it out of the box and went to remove the plastic ring on the back and it broke !! Did n't even get to use it in the shower . Lesson learned - you get what you pay for : -LRB-
 I never even had a chance to try it out . As I was installing this showerhead , using nothing but my hands , I was tightening the showerhead to the fixture , turning and turning with no resistance , until the connecting nut snapped in half ! Why would they make this piece out of such cheap plastic ? Without this connecting piece , the showerhead is completely useless . A waste of $ 26 . I normally rely heavily on the product reviews for Amazon , and all I can say is this one is way off . This was a real piece of garbage , and I am frustrated becuase I have no recall to do anything about it . Ca n't return it to Amazon because I opened the package . Just have to suck up the loss and put the old showerhead back on.Take my advice and think twice about this product . Get a showerhead made out of metal . It is probably worth spending the extra money on . Amazon , as a regular shopper , all I can say is what a huge disapointment .
 The portion that attaches this head to the stem is plastic . Every time you adjust the angle of the shower spray -LRB- which is every time someone showers if people of different height live in your house -RRB- it puts strain on this part . It shattered , and I bought a similar head from Moen that has all metal parts.As a purely decorative piece I would give it 5 stars , but for practical purposes , just 1 .
 2 weeks of anticipation , i was hoping a fire hose blast all i got was an average showerhead ; nothing to celebrate . those in search of some power need to look elsewhere , this is not it . after a week of usage , i have to revert back to my old shower head ; what was i thinking ...
 I purchased this product after much research involving different styles of shower heads . I would have to say that I am very disappointed in the product . I had it for about 20 days or less and now just recently it broke . There is a button on the back of the head that allows you to change the pressure settings . Well this broke , and when I say broke I mean broke . It did n't just come undone it actually broke from the force of the water I 'm assuming . I have a cheap 5 dollar shower head that works 10 times better than this one and actually does a better job with the pressure . If you want pressure , and I did , I really would n't use this one . Even though it has two settings on it there really is n't anything special about it and that 's when it actually works .
 Fortunately , this was purchased as a temporary showerhead until we can remodel our bathroom.We have normal water pressure but even with the flow regulator removed it did n't measure up to many of the reviews as far as intensity of flow . When the center is on alone you only have a very small area of water and it was not strong . When it was `` all '' on the flow was so gentle I could n't rinse my short hair .
 We bought this for our new apartment having no idea that it would be so flimsy . During the easy installation everything was going fine when the pipe connection cracked and sent the shower head flying towards the ground . While trying to simply hand-tighten per the instructions this product snapped in two places and is now completely useless . Fork over the extra money and buy something more substantial , we wish we had ! ** On the plus side their Customer Service was very responsive and are sending us a replacement so I guess we 'll give it one more shot ! Thanks Katie !
 I thought I was buying this from Amazon , but only after purchasing it does it say the seller is NorAm International Partners , Inc. . The product I received does n't match the description at all . I received a shower head that looks used , was thrown in a box with zero packaging , and does n't match any pictures online . Very disappointed .
 I loved this shower head . It WAS great , until it broke . I brought it with me to a new apartment , went to install it and was drenched with water because the selector broke , causing the water to shoot out the holes where the selector once was . I was deeply disappointed . When the shower head worked , it was nice , but it broke so quickly that I am disappointed in this product .
 This showerhead was a disappointment to me . I like gentle , soft , drenching showers . This provided more of a medium flow of water , with a medium-stingy jet of water . After four months of use , the nozzles clogged up , and the stream became downright needle-like . On the positive side , the shape of the shower head was great . It provided a nice , wide , uniform coverage . It is a good design in that regard.But this one was not for me . My favorite so far is the Deluge Country Club Showerhead . My second favorite is the Pollenex Pouring Rain Showerhead .
 I bought this thinking that it would be great . I have wanted a showerhead that had some power to it . I took my old showerhead off and installed this one . I turned the water on to test it , and boom ... it was broken already . The plastic piece that changes the water flow had broken in half . Maybe if you get one that works , the showerhead is great . I never even had the chance . Very poorly constructed in my opinion .
 This is a flimsy aluminum extrusion. , If you plan on hanging anything heavier than a paper screen , find something else . The screws supplied are way too small . The track is also too narrow to fit a two door bypass . I doubt that anyone ever tried this hardware before they foisted it on Amazon 's customers . Go to a hardware store where you can see what you are buying . Stay away from this junk
 Firstly let me say ... This mailbox is beautiful . It looks pretty on my wall next to my door . I 'm happy with how it LOOKS.That is pretty much the only positive.The mailbox is too deep . I have to hoist myself up and stick my whole arm down into it to get my mail out . If a small letter is at the bottom of the mailbox , I almost rip my arm off trying to get it out.Secondly , the lid does n't open very wide at all . AT ALL . It just barely comes up a bit , not nearly enough for me to get my whole arm down in there to get the little pieces of mail off the bottom . And whenever I try to open the lid any further than it wants to go , it makes this cracking noise like I 'm tearing the whole thing up.So , not really a functional mailbox at all.But , it is pretty .
 Spend the extra $ 100 at homedepot or lowes and get the extra tool . Amazon ships by `` Eagle '' who received the item over a week ago and never updates ! `` Estimated date has come and gone with no product .
 This trim did the trick but it was as thin as paper ! You couldVery easily break it in two . I have seen other nail head trim that was much thicker - I guess you get what you pay for . It did work for the piece i was using it for -LRB- headboard -RRB- I do n't know that I couldRecommend it for chairs or curved furniture items .
 I have two older WaterPik shower heads which I love . I really like the misting function of the ones I have . They do fail after about 2 years - although I imagine folks with hard water would do worse . I have just gotten into routinely replacing . This time there were new models . The `` old '' misting mode is really a fine mist , almost fog . Individual droplets too small to see . The `` new '' one just sprays water small droplets over a 90 degree cone getting water up and over the shower curtain . For those who would know what I mean , the droplets are about a microliter . Gets the floor outside the shower wet . Not good.For me , this was a fatal flaw .
 Bought this to replace my 1988 Shower Massage head . What a mess . Good on full spray only . Massage settings are a joke , even with the restrictor removed . I am returning this thing immediately .
 I have used WaterPik since the original was newly on the market . This one is a great disappointment . I had a simple hardware store water saving high pressue one setting and a button to cut off water completely to save water/energy no one really used . I got this Elements 5 model because it was a WaterPik and it offered the mist/pulse options and an increase in spray force . I have the same issues as others do . the mist goes over the top of the curtain and comes out in a micro mist . What i dislike most is that it actually reduces the force of the water pressure by a significant amount . It is awful . the cheap $ 5 water-saver has twice the force , at least ... way more force it more descriptive . I looked in the back for an extra baffle or some obstruction that could be slowing down my normally high water pressure out of the tap . I dont understand how they can advertise this model as increasing pressure by 30 % . It is outright misrepresentation . It is misleading at least.I gave it a star because it looks much nicer than the first waterpick i got , however , the first one was not a showerhead but on a hose a ` european ' design back then . It was plastic and metal and was heavy but it fired the water out almost too hard in the pulse function . the spray and pulse are a joke . the pulse is barely noticeable . Do not be fooled , it is not the old WaterPik . ** addition 8/7/10 I actually had to return this shortly after the review . . water spontaneously one morning at start up of the shower began to shoot out of the sides . i had not touched it since the day before and the shower was normal for it.The force which the water came out of the sides was what i had hoped for from the spray jets.I got a replacement very quickly and provided the time to return the defective one . I have to say that the replacement has worked for some time now but it is just as ineffective as the first one but this has not decided to melt down on me as yet . It does not turn from positions well , it spins in place unless I use both hands on some moves . It is not able to produce the force it touts in the ad copy . the cheap hardware one provides a far more powerful spray . I have powerful water pressure from the tap this decreases it ... dont know why.Fine company to do business with but the product is not great .
 Got this after searching for high pressure shower head . That 's probably the worst possible description one could offer . Most shower heads in 3rd world countries have more pressure .
 Bought this shower head for its `` pause '' function , in order to be able to turn off the flow of water and save on water consumption . The pause function of this product does n't actually pause the flow of water , it only slightly reduces it . This product simply did n't delivered what it claimed it would . Will never buy another product from Waterpik again .
 I 'm an avid do-it-yourself man . Retired with a lot of experience under my belt , I took on a project of cleaning up eight outdoor lawn chairs with a 4 foot round table . These are made of all steel and were purchased about 30 years ago . I priced the set on line and they now exceed $ 5000 . Mine were rusted and in need of a thorough paint and rust stripping . I first tried paint remover . It just sat there . It did n't matter how long I left it on . Little was accomplished with it . So I decided to purchase a sand blasting unit . Since this is probably the only time I would ever use it , I did n't want to purchase a commercial grade unit . I did my homework and decided on the Campbell unit.I have a 220 volt 8 horse compressor with a 10 gallon tank . So I concluded that I had a sufficient air source to make the unit work.When it arrived , I went to the local lumber yard and purchased large grit sand specifically prepared for sand blasting . I quickly discovered that the screen on the Campbell unit would not let the larger grit sand pass through it . So I dumped 400 pounds of sand under my grand kids playground system and returned to the lumber yard . This time I skipped the medium grit and went for the small -LRB- fine -RRB- grit sand . Four 100 lb bags were loaded and off I went.This time the sand passed through the screen and the blaster was loaded . With everything hooked up , air at 110 pounds , goggles and breathing mask on , I began the cleaning of my chairs . Unfortunately , the unit barely worked . Some sand erratically came out , but mostly it was just air . To wrap this up , I worked with the unit for several hours , trying everything I could to get the sand flowing . Finally , 400 more pounds of sand went to the grand kids playground.Conclusion , either my compressor needed to be larger or the sand blaster is not worth much . At my age , I rarely have a boondoggle . But this time I ca n't classify this experience as anything else.I ended up purchasing a DeWalt grinder with half a dozen steel brushes and spent a couple of weeks grinding paint and rust off my lawn set . So , if you ca n't afford a commercial sand blasting unit , do n't waste you money on a budget one .
 This is a gravity fed blaster and it does not work very well . I used medium slag abrasive and it did not feed into the hose very well . If you 're looking for a blast pot , this is not what you are looking for.On the upside , I like the blaster handle . I use it for a bunch of stuff , but i threw the rest away .
 I bought this with the intent on removing a small amount of rust on my snow plow . I also went out and purchased and brand new compressor to handle the required PSI . Do NOT waste your money on this . I could use a straw and blow the sand at the rust harder than this tool .
 Although this is the same item number as the burned-out bulb in our lamp , it did n't fit into the slot just right and did n't work . Very disappointing .
 I purchased this bulb in March and less then 6 months later it is burnt out . This is a worthless piece of junk , but since it is specific to a particular lamp fixture , we are once again , held hostage .
 I would recommend ordering elsewhere . The order came extremely quickly -LRB- 3 days -RRB- . The bulb works when inserted . No problem there.The issue
 Wears out too fast ~ This holder was installed when I had my bath remodeled about five years ago and had a Hansgrohe hand-held sprayer added to my shower stall . The first one lasted about 3 years . The second one lasted 2 years . The plastic side grippers get loose and stop holding the shower sprayer hose nut . I love all of the other Hansgrohe faucets and accessories I purchased for my bath remodel . However , this one , simple item is -LRB- as one reviewer has already pointed out -RRB- a piece of junk . I just ordered my 3rd one and they are not inexpensive . I will start looking now for a substitute product for the next time I have to replace it .
 This hand shower holder from Hansgrohe is the most over priced piece of junk I have ever purchased from Amazon.It will not hold the shower head up !! The flat sides do nothing to hold up a round and tapered handle . It just squeezes the shower handle out and it falls to the floor . wwhi
 OK , I know it says plastic in the specifications ; but I assumed that &#34; brushed nickel &#34; meant that the plastic base had an outer metal shell . It does n't . The finish is just some sprayed-on coating . The main issue is the problem of cleaning this . Your housekeeper , or whoever cleans your bathroom , may assume from the bracket 's appearance that it is metal , and clean it accordingly . However , on the packaging there are strict warnings about cleaning that are just plain silly for something in a bathroom -- &#34; do not use spray-on no-rinse cleaners &#34; ; &#34; do not use solvents &#34; ; &#34; do not use abrasives &#34; ; use only &#34; mild soap solution &#34; and &#34; polish with a soft cloth &#34; . Am I really going to give my housekeeper all these instructions for one tiny little wall bracket , when everything else in my bathroom -LRB- faucets , handles , towel rails , etc -RRB- is made of real metal and can be subjected to almost any cleaning product or method . Also , this lump of plastic would be expensive at $ 7 . At $ 27 it is a total rip-off .
 I purchased this handshower holder back in November of 2006 when I was redoing my children 's bathtub/shower . At the time my daughter was two and my son was not yet born . We love the Hansgrohe handshower -LRB- 06685000 -RRB- , but soon discovered that the handshower holder -LRB- 28321003 -RRB- was worthless if you plan on using it frequently . Since we had a two-year old , we used the handshower to wash her virtually every night . As a result , the handshower got placed in the holder at least two to three times per day . When our son arrived two years later the frequency of usage approximately doubled.As someone else reported , the most critical component of the holder is a piece of plastic that cups the handshower . However , it quickly wears out and is not able to hold the handshower . Several times the handshower fell on top of our kids while they were bathing . We were lucky that no one got injured.The only thing positive I can say about the holder is that Hansgrohe has a lifetime warranty on it and each time I called up they would send me a free replacement without too much of a hassle . In the past six years I replaced the part about eight times . They asked me what kind of cleaners we were using and whether or not our water was hard . We stopped using any type of cleaner on the part without any success . The holder was high enough in the shower that it was mostly dry so I seriously doubt that it was the hardness of the water that caused the part to fail.I now have a collection of old plastic parts . Each one has a small crack in exactly the same place . I am certain that the more you use the handshower , the faster it will fail . We even tried to be very gentle when placing the handshower in the holder . Nothing worked.Today I am happy to say that I replaced the holder with a Kohler part -LRB- K-352-CP Adjustable Wall-Mount Bracket -RRB- that I purchased from Amazon last weekend . Imagine my delight when I discovered that the spacing between the mounting screws for the two parts was identical ! I did n't have to drill new holes in my shower tiles . The Kohler part is significanlty stronger than the Hansgrohe part as it is all metal . I do n't expect to have any further problems.One other note . I reported this part to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission as being defective . As I already mentioned , both my kids were hit by the falling handshower because the holder fails within 9-12 months . The mean time to failure seemed to get shorter after we had our second kid , probably because we were using the handshower more often . Here is the link to the complaint :[ ... -RSB- Neither the Government nor Hansgrohe has done anything about correcting the defective part.I truly believe that someday this part is going to hurt someone very badly.Stay away from this product !
 Do n't waste your money ... buy Craftsman at similar value but superior quality to this one . I bought it as a gift for my husband for Christmas thinking it would be handy but it 's cheap and not of OXO calibur ... we were surprised . We sent it back .
 Product only can be used with incadescent lights . This is as the unit leaks current when in the ` off ' position . This will kill a CF very early in its life , defeating the long-life rating of a CF. No mention of this factor anywhere on the packaging until you open it up and look at the technical information packet . Considering most of the US homes today utilize compact fluorescents to some degree , I feel this deficiency of the product to be unacceptable and the fact it 's `` hidden '' from you until you open it up just disgusts me !
 All in all , you get what you pay for.Incredibly shoddy assembly . The wall switch was falling apart as I was tigtening the screws in the switch box.Instructions not clear about which wire is line , which is load -LRB- red or black ? -RRB- . Tried both ways , with the same dismal results ... read on.Once I 've installed it , the remote switch worked ONCE . I was able to turn the light on and off just one time , after which it refused to work for no apparent reason.The 9v battery was fresh , the light being controlled was a 60w incadecent bulb , no fluorescent lights on the circuit or in the vicinity thereof , still the unit will not work.Tried the cryptic instructions in the manual over and over -LRB- the part about turning the master switch on and off , then the control , etc. etc -RRB- . Not sure if the exact order of those operations bears any significance , but I followed it to the `` t '' . Tried it time and again -- still no dice.Great concept , very poor implementation.Like other reviewers have noted , I too would have gladly paid twice as much for this product if it were designed and manufactured better.Long story short , spend a bit more money and get either an x10 product or Lutron Maestro , or something else that actually works .
 It maybe to close to my wifi router but sometimes it works and somtimes it does ` nt . I have noticed if you pull the battery out and let it dangle it works all the time . This leads me to say that the antenna is part of the 9 volt power supply . So I attached two wires to the power supply of the 9 volt battery . It works better but not as I expected . .
 I had high hopes for this little piece of equipment . Replacement of the existing wall switch with the transmitter/receiver was n't that difficult , but it was a bit challenging trying to determine where to place the remote switch so that it would work . Finally , I found the spot ! Well , it 's now about two months later , and that spot is n't good anymore . I have no idea why . In fact , it does n't work in most locations . It has a brand new 9v battery , so I know that 's not the problem . I 've just spent almost 2 hours troubleshooting the issue with no luck . When it works , it 's terrific . I only wish it did so on a consistent basis . I regret my decision to purchase .
 After reading a review that the switch works on fluorescent I bought the switch . The light blinked in the off position and buzzed when turned on .
 So there 's no mention of the specific channel this unit uses so I just happen to get two with the same channel which makes it kinda useless . Disappointing .
 WThis thing looks like a great idea , and we bought three of them , but the kids have never been able to get their skateboards into the hanger . Even my husband and I struggle with it . However , they work perfectly for a ripstick , and they also do a nice job of keeping tennis raquets organized .
 This rack is very well designed and solidly built , but unfortunately it was designed some 20 years ago when all skis were straight and narrow , and has never been changed . The widest ski which would fit into this rack must be under 70 mm at the tip . My narrowest downhill skis are wider than that , and I am not even talking about all-terrain or powder skis . A wider pair of skis would rest on the bent tip of the hooks , which may over the time damage the skis . One could perhaps use this rack for cross-country skis , but forget about it if you need a solution for downhill.I bought it and had to return it cause it is useless .
 I bought this unit and put fresh batteries into it . It worked in the house multiple times , but after I put the stake in the yard it failed . I was bout 24F outside and the unit would not work . I brought the sensor back into the house but the light stayed on permanently ... . Do not buy this . . the manual makes an allusion to letting the remote sensor `` Warm '' up . I guess it can not work outside below `` room temperature .
 While Cooper lighting generally has a good name in the industry , this particular item is a total ripoff . Not only did the lock nuts BOTH break upon installation , but the motion sensor went haywire after two weeks . This product is poor in quality and is not recommended .
 Seller did a great job and shipped the product timely , no issues there . The product however is of very poor workmanship . The light adjustment arm uses a plastic nut which promptly broke on install . I continue the install however and used a clip to secure the two pieces . However , the 1/2 '' lockring then broke when I was tightening ! I was using a screwdriver to tap tight and it broke in two . Of course I kept going and finally after tweeking and adjusting I got everything set how I wanted . Turned on the circuit breaker and it did not work ... I went back to the manual and went through the troubleshooting guide and the unit did not work . It seems like the manufacturer spent all the money on the remote sensor and bought the cheapest lighting base . Having recently installed two motion sensors I can say this one is questionable at best . If you do buy be very gently with the plastic arm locks and handtighten the 1/2 lockrings . Even then it might not work though ...
 I ordered this product . It came weeks late with the wrong parts and it took hours for a plumber to use my old fawcet parts to correct the bad parts that were shipped.I called the supplier and told them my problem and they never called back.So dont order from them
 The final trigger mechanism was not what I expected . It is a lever that has to be held down and I expected more of a trigger that would stay on . It gets old holding the lever on .
 This nailer will not set the nail . Use the shortest nails , it still will you unhappy.Don ' t waste your good money .
 My first one died in 2 year . I bought the same one to replace it but the second one died in 6 months . I am looking for a different universal one that will work with this garage door opener .
 I have programmed 2 different hand-held remotes and another brand of wireless keypad remote to work with my Allister garage doors . I can not for the life of me get this thing to work . First of all , Allister has only 2 dip switch settings , not three as the instructions indicate , so I have to guess at which of the three codes into which one translates dip switch settings my 2-setting dip switches are translated . Call tech support ? well the number listed in the instructions
 Product will NOT fit square faucet . Yes its made of rubber . . and NO it will not stretch . The softest part is about a 1/4 inch on the lip but you need to stretch more then that for it to actually fit the square faucet . Do not waste ur money because its not worth returning , you have to pay restocking fee ?? . . lol geeze how hard is it to restock a lil package .
 I 've tried to get this thing to work several times but it seems as soon as the water pressure is strong enough to make a decent shower it forces the whole thing off the facet . You can get a better shower from a watering can . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased this to use on my bath tub to wash my dogs . When you turn on the water , the pressure makes it pop off . I use it but have to tape it on so it doesnt come off .
 This product does not fit standard tubs and was clearly made for much older faucets.It 's just poorly designed to fit only round faucet spouts but most contemporary tubs are now rectangular . I was hoping to use the attachment to wash my dog but it does not work at all .
 This did not work on either of my faucets . It is hard and cheap feeling . I will just have to throw it away .
 This item should not be sold in modern times . I bought item to wash my daughter 's hair . I settled for the wrong product
 This was advertised as fitting on all tub faucets , but does not fit on my standard spiggot . I had to slit the attachment to even get it to slide on , now water shoots all over .
 The faucet attachment is round . My tub faucet is square . You do the math . Do n't do n't waste your time or your money .
 Even with a snug fit on the faucet , water squirted all over the place and was more of a hassle trying to figure out how to fix it than it was to just use cups to pour water on the dog .
 Not a good product . Will not stay on the faucet from the way it is designed to fit . Got so frustrated with it that I threw it away !!!!!!!
 Did not fit propperly , came off as soon as i put waterpressure on it . Do n't waste your money . Does not work at all
 not like my last one . . not really happy . wish I ordered the more expensive one . you get what you pay for ...
 I thought this would work in my tub and it did n't , the water comes out of the shower head instead .
 This item should be rated zero stars . I wish I had never purchased it . I hope no one else buys it . It is possible to put it on the faucet but then when you turn on the faucet , water sprays out from the point of attachment and then it pops off . Looking on the bright side , it probably would work well if it were caulked onto the spigot . If you are considering this product , I would recommend giving the money to someone with a `` Will work for Food '' sign instead .
 Disappointed in this purchase ; does n't fit the faucet without spewing water everywhere . Good thing I did n't spend too much on it ; however , still a waste of money .
 Does NOT fit all standard shower faucets . As others have noted , it does not fit properly over square faucets . Leaks like crazy and falls off after slight water pressure builds up . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk .
 You would think with the bushing arrangement that one could rearrange 1/4 and 1/2 bits as needed - WRONG!Once a bushing is pressed into a hole it is there - at least I have not been able to get one out without destroying it.Also , and perhaps more damming , is that although the bits fit nicely into the bushings by themselves , once jammed into the holes in the base , they are too tight to insert or remove the bits easily .
 I ordered four of these porch lights and every one of them arrived broken in the same spot at one of the four braces holding the glass on the top portion . They appeared to be relatively well packed and came from two different shipping locations so I can only assume that it is the metal in the fixture that is weak . Also the glass in them is held in by little `` L '' brackets that allow the glass to slide around . I returned them for a refund .
 I have had nothing but trouble with this order . And I still have not received the order . Sold thru Amazon ? Can ; t get in contact with them to find out why . Beward of buying anything thru Amazon sold by others .
 I got this to replace a pump that failed just after hurricane Sandy . It worked ok for 3 months with intermittent use and had never been run dry but now the motor wo n't start most of the time and seems like it 's trying to seize up . Not good for a pump this pricy after so little time . Avoid .
 Purchased to replace a pedestal pump which would fall over . We have a small need for a sump pump , our pedestal ran 3 times in 11 years , was a Wayne at 1/3 HP . Replaced with Flotec 1/2 HP -LRB- 4 years ago -RRB- , operated once , then when we really needed it , during a prolonged use -LRB- 8 hours -RRB- , it tripped 15 AMP breaker , and shut down , not sure why . looking at specs , it does pull 13 amps , however a sump pump may require alot more volts on a restart from float .
 Blatantly misrepresented . Description says Mfg. by Plumb Pak in the United States.Part # PP2056 . When received they came from Ace Hdwe . and plainly says Made in China . Thouroughly disgusted and not very happy with Amazon .
 I 'VE HAD THIS UNIT IN MY GARAGE FOR THE PAST 2 YEARS AND IT FAILED 17 TIMES ! - ALWAYS WHEN I NEEDED IT ! MY TECHNICIAN DOES NOT WANT TO TOUCH IT ANYMORE ! NOW I AM DEALING WITH THE FACTORY TECHNICIAN IN THE US -LRB- I 'M IN CANADA -RRB- WHO IS VERY HELPFUL BUT THE WARRANTY ONLY COVERS PARTS - NO LABOUR ! IM IN FOR OVER $ 450 , - IN LABOUR COSTS !
 these sawhorses do work but let me tell you , they are razor sharp !!!!!!!! i was using them brand new on the porch , my feet were sweating so i took off my shoes , , , , what a mistake , , , i bumped my toe on the leg and nearly cut it off , one fast trip to the hospital . . right to the bone , antibiotics and several stitches later and no walking on my foot for two days , and a return visit . This turned out to be a waste of my time and an exspence - instead of a savings by using this product . . be warned the sharp edges on this product will slice like butter .
 I loved the idea of a keyhole saw that folded closed and allowed you to lock it in multiple positions . Plus the ability to replace the blade with any standard recip saw blade was also a priority.The first one I bought broke in fewer than 10 uses . What broke is the mechanism that locks it into one of the positions . Once this mechanism broke , it was pretty much useless as the blade would not stay open in any position . I was able to limp through the last job by holding the blade to keep it from closing while using it.I purchased a second identical unit from a different store and had the exact same thing happen again also in fewer than 10 uses . I believe there is a design flaw and do not recommend this product .
 Try cutting a 24 `` X24 '' hole in double 5/8 '' drywall ! The blade came out at least 15 times . Also a jab saw should not be able to move out of it 's locked postion -LRB- it 's just common sense -RRB- Lennox please take this piece of crap off the market before someone hurts themselfs , Oops to late !!!!
 I 'm not sure who 's fault it was , but I purchased this torpedo level through amazon and wound up with a totally different level . The one i received was also black and red , but it looked like some cheap knock off you 'd find in a dollar store . TNJGREATBUYS is who sold it to me and claims Amazon had the wrong description and sku number for the product . Amazon states this is what was supplied to them . Either way , I 'm stuck holding a cheap-o piece of plastic that 's worth nothing to me .
 This was the worst product I 've used , the glue that bonds the pad to the Black Plastic part disintegrated after first use . and what is left of the glue does not hold the pad , so it fell apart during operation . the problems is I use it once every 6 months , so ca n't return it to Amazon . I would recommend using Orange Foam Polishing Pad from Griots Garage . this is washer prove and you should be able to wash the pad , because the wax/polish has different chemical compound . -LSB- URL -RSB-
 I used the pad with my Porter-Cable 7424XP 6-Inch Variable-Speed Polisher and within and hour of first picking up the tool the pad had fallen apart ! I subsequently purchased the Astro Pneumatic 4607 5 &#34; PU Velcro Backing Pad coupled with Meguiar 's 6.5-Inch pads and they work flawlessly .
 These pads from Tool King did not last as long as the ones I bought from CPO . Tool King were lower price -LRB- I believe these are generic -RRB- CPO pad was more expensive but lasted the hole project by 3 to 1 . CheersMaybe Nextweek
 Totally ripped and fell apart within the first five minutes of use . Do not purchase . A real disappointment . The Porter-Gable polisher is great , but the pad is junk .
 this pad came with my porter cable DA polisher . I tried it out with some hi-end wax on the roof of my car . Initally I thought it was doing just fine , but after wiping off the wax , I found circular scratch marks that definetly were not there previously . the Car had just been washed and was dry . I did not use extensive pressure , just let the polisher do the work for me and I used enough wax , too . It 's a 2001 Porsche 911 -LRB- which is supposed to have `` Hard '' paint in the first place -RRB- Have ordered Lake County softest pads and will try out in a inconspicuous area before letting loose on the body of my baby.You 've been warned !
 Fell apart first use . Not recommended . The 7424 is awesome . Pad is terrible .
 The piston in the kit was bigger than the stock piston . everything else worked alright . I double checked the numbers and it was for my nailer . It just did n't fit !!
 I got pulls and knobs for my new kitchen and I am very pleased with everything . They are well make and very handsome with a good weight and comfortable feel - you should always test the way knobs feel since your hand will have a lot of contact with them . These are as smooth and finished on the back as they are on the front .
 1 . Assembly is difficult .2 . In spite of my best efforts to make opening and closing easier , it still takes strength that I just do n't have .3 . One of the plastic handles broke the first time I tried to use it .4 . I had high hopes because I need a work stand that is mobile and light but I am very disappointed in this product .
 I bought four sensor activated , dual brite lights . One lasted about a month . Took it back to Lowes . Heath Zenith had discontinued the light . None available . Talked to Heath Zenith . They do not repair lights . They do not build lights . They import from offshore and sell to dealers . Warranty is worthless . You can get a refund for a light if you do n't mind having lights that do n't match . Have looked at number of forums . The Heath Zenith product line is giving a lot of people major problems .
 This pump lasted 3 months . We replaced a pump in 2009 originally installed in 1975 that lasted 34 years -LRB- good old American product -RRB- ! This pump started leaking from a seal 3 months and only a few hours operation from when it was installed . While under warranty , it 's still a huge problem because the new one has to be installed again including the PVC mounted to it which is a real pain . They do n't make stuff like they used to so I did n't think it would last 34 years like the old one . But come on , 3 months ?
 If you need to use this on an agriculture water well , get the version WITHOUT low pressure cut off -LRB- looking at my spare one its marked SQ-D 9013FSG2J20 -RRB- . Also this version is MORE prone to problems in near freezing weather , also if you must field adjust PSI this device has multiple springs and is a bear to keep in the working range.There are other ways to protect against leak issues , This causes more problems than it solves . As someone pointed out the contacts only last around 12-18 months . So buy many , and use a open prong wire ends to aid in fast replacement . They are rumored make a version with more robust contacts , still looking for it !
 This bag does not work . The metal tip is set back inside the bag . The grout gets stuck inside after 30second of use .
 I bought this for a temporary special application use on my old 1992 Dodge 4x4 untill summer , arrived defective so I bought another brand in this short length also with thermostat control.Some old Dodge trucks like mine , -LRB- 20 yrs old but runs like a top -RRB- are known for the computer contol box going up and not allowing it to start in cold weather.Wrap this around the box , with insulated tape , plug it in a few minutes , fired right up . Just do not leave it sit turned off at the store in cold weather very long.Dodge forum suggested using a hair dryer to warm the box in cold weather untill replaced unless you have a heated garage to do it now.What hair dryer makes much heat sucking in cold air outside in 20 degree weather ?? Temporay fix untill spring , then I will replace with a rebuilt preprogrammed computer box available from any auto store.One defective product experience and then I do not trust the brand .
 If I based this review solely on durability of the shell and the physical power of the light that comes out , this is not a bad flashlight.Problem though is that there is a serious design flaw that will render this thing useless and unfortunately , it could really ruin your day if this is the only flashlight you take out with you.Plus
 I had heard good things about this product but the way it is packaged I believe lead it to be defective upon arrival . The cord is so tightly wrapped in it 's retail plastic package that I believe it damaged the sensor . I plugged in and tested in multiple outlets never getting it to engage or show power.Chances are I got a lemon and Amazon refunded the full amount including return shipping but I wanted to let others know in case this is an ongoing issue .
 After three days of light use it literally blew up in my hand . I had used it to soften caulk around the shower/tub the first time I used it . Then for the next two days I used it to remove old paint from a fireplace mantle . I never used it more than about 30 40 minutes each time the first two days . On day three , ten minutes into a project , sparks started flying out the side vents in the rear , I immediatley turned it off and let it cool down but when I tried to turn it on it was dead . Do n't waste your money on this cheap piece of junk .
 This is a cheap piece of junk . It broke during my first project using it -LRB- though in all fairness , not on the first day -RRB- . The unit stopped heating and blowing depending on what position I held it in ; when I changed position or shook it , it would start back up . The round plastic piece behind the vent at the end of the gun broke internally and rattled around.I paid $ 10 for it and that was $ 9 too much .
 The item is not what it appears to be in picture . The lip is too wide for my purposes of installation on a slant .
 OK product . Worst thing about it is it 's made in China . Given the state of employment in the US , it seems there should be more effort to source products from the US using US labor .
 a piece of junk - does n't even hold 3 bikes . the picture is deceiving .
 I received this item in the mail today . Strangly enough , it was not what was pictured . The item I received was `` Made in Mexico '' and titled AlphaFry.I feel it is very important to purchase USA made items and thought this was kind of tricky.I do n't appreciate the false advertisement .
 Solder is fine , seriously though , take the time to upload a new jpeg so people do n't think they 're buying something made in the USA when this company has clearly outsourced their production to Mexico . Economic times is sensitive yall .
 The item itself is very high quality and at a good price point . The shipping , however , made this literally the worst experience I have had buying things online . they charged me 70 dllars in shipping and handling , and then it did not arrive until nearly a week after I made the purchase . It was this slow despite the fact that I checked the `` 2 day shipping '' option . then , when I asked for reimbursement over what I thought at the time to be a glitch in the system , they gave me a paltry 30 dollars , and left me with 40 dollars of shipping for what amazon said was only going to be about 15 dollars . Do not buy from this company . Even the smallest of hardware stores have soldering equipment , and usually , its even cheaper .
 I did n't bother looking at the comments before purchasing ... shame on me . The made in Mexico vs made in USA really irked me , so does the change in brand , even if it is just in name . This means I 'm going to have to find a new MSDS . Shipping was quick but cost me almost as much as the item .
 I have a nice Weller iron . I had to crank it all the way to even get this stuff to melt . Once it finally did it would n't stick to anything . Gave it to a mechanic friend with a high powered Weller gun that could probably melt steel . We 'll see if it works any better for him.Also , as others have said , it 's not actually made in the states .
 This is wrong ... how can they put up this item and they send you what they feel like sending you ! they sent me one that was made in mexico Alphafry when I paid more for the Alphametals ! if that was the case i would of paid for the less one .
 i got a damaged item that was meant to be a new item . it was written on by marks on both sides of the item and it was bent when we got it so do n't believe that this item is good b/c its not now i do n't know what to do this missed up item that i bought : -LRB-
 I bought an earlier model FT2000E and the power switch failed within 18 months -LRB- of very infrequent use -RRB- . Since the warranty is only for 1 year , the manufacturer will not repair the unit for free . As far as I can tell , the FT2200 is identical to the FT2000 albeit a different plastic casing.An update : Fixed the problem myself . A copper contact shaped like a tiny rivet in the DPDT switch fell off its armature . A bit of solder should hold it in place indefinitely . The electrical contact should have been welded or crimped securely to the armature . A poorly made switch . I will not be surprised if the power switch in most of these routers should fail after some use .
 I 've had literally 3 of these routers in the last three weeks , and all of them have broken . The first burned up while routing Trex with a 3/4 pattern bit . I bought a new one , figuring that the first one was my fault . The switch failed about 30 seconds into my first cut . Sent that one back to Amazon -LRB- got good service from them -RRB- , they shipped me a third one . Got that , finally finished my project , but when I got home I discovered that the speed control dial had broken off . Its an incredibly flimsy part . Sent that one back to Amazon as well , am getting another one since its free due to warranty and such . Router works well when its working , but that pretty rare .
 i ordered this because it was a 10 amp and the price was lower then others i was looking at . amazon had it shipped out from some company 3rd party company in illinois , shipping was decent , it was UPS which is bad in the first place but it only took about 7 days to get here . when i opened the box it was a completely different grinder . it was a small 7 amp grinder , all the packing information and the box it was shipped in said d28402 but when i looked on the grinder there was a different part number altogether there . i called amazon and they emailed me return packaging labels and said they would refund it . had to drive out of my way to go to a UPS store to send it back , took another 7 days to get back to the 3rd party company . amazon said they would process the refund and it would be back to the card in the next few days . i waited a week and there was no refund , so i called amazon and the guy i spoke with said there was no refund request in for it and he would do it there . so waited a few more days and it finally showed up . i paid 72 for the grinder and like 8 for shipping and waited 7 days to get it , i went down to home depot and paid 73 for it and picked it up that day . dont waste your time with amazon.as for the grinder it isnt too bad , have only used it a few times . it grinds well but when i use the cutoff wheels on it tends to bog down on 18 gauge steel .
 Mine may be defective but it goes off for no reason . I put it in another room to test and within 5 minutes the alarm sounds even though no one is in the same room . Maybe we have ghosts .
 I fiddled with this product far too long trying to get it to work . Maybe I just got a bad one but I would n't waste my money on another one .
 SE-0306OR Alarm Combo . Orange/whiteI was really , really excited when I found this product . My thoughts were to use to warn me if anyone -LRB- or anything -RRB- got into our pop-up camper while we were camping in the boonies.I found the instructions to be confusing , however was able to set up the unit . Worked like a charm in my living room . Scared the cat off the couch . When it came time to test this unit in the wild , this unit was useless . My wife got quite impatient waiting for me try and set the Doberman so we could leave our campsite . Read and reread the directions . I could not get this unit to work for the life of me . Changed battery , said a prayer , called on ALL the Gods to help me heal this defective unit . Nothing ... our campsite was left vulnerable to critters and yahoos . Poor product , returned for a refund .
 I am not satisfied with the performance of the Makita battery I bought.The battery I originally had would not take a charge . This battery takes a charge but does not last long enough to finish even a small job . I have owned cordless drills in the past and their batteries lasted a lot longer .
 I ordered 2 9.6 volt 2.6 amp hr NIMH batteries but I recieved 2 2.6 amp hr NICAD batteries . These batteries are orange not black like the ones in the add .
 Apparently you have n't learned your lesson on the ML120 Makita flashlite . You are still advertising this flashlite as a complete unit but sending to the customer as without the battery . I made you send me a battery . WAKE UP !
 Product arrived in good shape and I was very excited to see the box on my doorstep . I had lots of concrete to mix and this would make the job a lot easier . Unfortunately , it chafed and the provided oil was uncomfortable to the touch . Would not buy again .
 Motor burned out within 5 minutes of use . Took it to a Dewalt dealer and he happily replaced the motor . I 'm hoping it wo n't happen again .
 This battery doesnt have much stamina at all . It 's fine for driving small screws but if you intend to do anything heavier such as drilling with a spade bit or driving a quantity of long screws you will need a battery with a larger capacity . I suggest you opt for a battery with at least 2.0 ah .
 I am a contractor who really needs a small cordless vacuum and blower . I already have many corded and cordless 18v Makita tools , so I was really looking forward to this arriving . There is a really aweful reason why you only ever see the photo of this set up in blower configuration . It 's because that is all it is any good for . To convert it to a vacuum you have to put the dust bag on the front in place of the nozzle , then you put the nozzle on the side of the maching sticking out at 90 degrees from the handle !! Obviously , the machine is now such a weird shape it is now basically useless as a vacuum . It can not be used to vacuum a van or car . It can not be used to vacuum inside cabinets or anything else . I am not even sure how you could hold the trigger while holding the machine so the nozzle aims in front of you . You would probably have to use both hands . I ca n't believe anyone could be stupid enough to design this . They should sell it as just a blower or give a photo of it in both configurations to warn people.I never even bothered to put a battery in it or turn it on . Five minutes after opening it and reading the instructions , it was back in its box and on its way to Amazon returns.If you ONLY want a blower , then maybe it would be fine for you . If you want a cordless vacuum , then do n't even consider this Frankenstein designed machine .
 This `` tool '' comes without a battery or charger . What 's more , there appears to be no way to order a battery for it.Got sawdust on a workbench ? This thing would * probably * work okay.Got leaves in your front yard ? Get a real tool instead .
 MAKITA HANDHELD BLOWERTHIS CAME WITH OUT BATTERIES . YES , IF I READ CLOSER I WOULD HAVE SEEN THAT NO BATTRIES WERE INCLUDED . BUT , MOST OF THESE KIND OF THINGS COME WITH BATTRIES.THEN !!! THEN !!! YOU DO NOT OFFER TO SELL THE BATTRIES THAT GO WITH IT . I HAVE TO FIND A MAKITA DEALER TO BUY THEM . WHO WANTS TO SPEND THAT MUCH TIME DOING THAT.IN THE FUTURE QUIT PLAYING GAME AND SELL WITH BATTERIES.SCOTT ARBUCKLE / -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The picture of this product is a Makita OEM battery , which I did not receive . As you can imagine , I was quite disappointed , paying a premium for a battery where a higher capacity non-OEM battery could be had for less money . Check with your seller if you care about this detail .
 This battery looks kind of a like a Makita , but does not bear the name.It seems to fail to hold a charge well . Buy a real Makita battery , this is n't it .
 I 've had one other combo Drill-Countersink-Phillips driver bit to date -LRB- a Ryobi -RRB- which is pretty decent - but having become a recent Makita convert , had to try this one out . I have to say , it 's nothing special , and it does what it 's built for . I generally do n't use the phillips head for driving screws as I save that work for my impact driver but the countersink works well.It 's not the most clean at cutting countersinks but if you 're patching holes or doing non-finish work where a clean visible screw and surface are not required , this works . I am looking into attempting a purchase of something made by Snappy tools which supposedly works with any standard drill bit and leaves clean holes but for rough carpentry work , this will be my go-to as it offers such versatility in sizes of countersinks and comes in a decent case -LRB- unlike my cheapo ryobi -RRB- . It 's also cheap enough that if it breaks , which I doubt it will - it 's no biggie to me.I would n't however recommend this for use in an impact drill . Impact drills by design have a little bit of play in their quick release chucks and unless you tap your hole first , can get some wobble when trying to hit your mark on the drill end . As to the screw end - I again avoid it for impact drivers due to their massive torque . When used in a standard drill - this works perfect.Edit
 I am EXTREMELY disappointed !!!!!!! Picture shows outfeed table , and review says there 's an outfeed table , but nb , there is no product description . Item came w/o outfeed table . Many , many calls to Allspares , Inc resulted in being told `` Too bad , send it back if you do n't want it '' , but this would mean losing $ $ $ $ in shipping costs . They claim that Makita item # means no table , as if the consumer would know that ?!? I kept the item , but feel ripped off . VERY misleading !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 To insert a bit into the Makita Ultralok , you have to pull the collar back and insert the bit -- a two-handed operation . With the DeWalt Rapid Load , you just push the bit in as it is spring-loaded . I would give this 1 star , but most of the hex shank holders work the way the Makita does , and the Makita is of good quality .
 DONT BE TAKEN IN BY LIGHT WEIGHT AND FLEXIBILITY . THESE AIR HOSES KINK UP AND COIL UP VERY EASILY . AND MOST OF THE TIME YOU HAVE A BIRDS NEST OF AIR HOSE WRAPED AROUND YOUR FEET.THEY ARE NOT VERY CUT RESISTANT EITHER .
 This was a real luxury purchase for me . The shower head is great . But , 3 years later , the ` enamel ' which is really plastic , on the handle control has fallen apart . The control itself pops off easily . I expect more .
 I purchased this blade and it does not cut 2 sided melamine very well . Actually it chiped both sides of the melamine board . I removed the blade and installed an Amanna blade with out doing any thing to the saw and the Amanna blade cut perfect . Save your money and buy an Amanna .
 I bought this latch to prevent my toddler from opening the door that goes out into the garage . This latch is not designed to work with Outward -LRB- away from you -RRB- opening Doors . The company should correctly state this in their description -LRB- -2 stars -RRB- . If you want a latch to lock a door that opens when you pull it toward you , this is what it was designed for . Furthermore , the slide is not solid like it appears , it only has its edges beveled with a hollow back -LRB- -1 star -RRB- .
 This item was supposed to be various sizes of basswood strips . It turned out to be a plank that was 6 '' x 24 '' x 3/4 '' . I will not do business with them again .
 Buyer Beware !! I received Cutler Hammer type CH labeled THQL21100 . I 'm posting a picture so you can judge for yourself .
 This is an extreamly over priced P.O.S. I am not very happy with spending so much money on a cheap plastic item . However , it does work . It is spring loaded though . Which means that you ca n't set it at one speed and remove your foot . You have to leave your foot on it at all times for it to work . I would suggest buying a cheaper switch and finding a way to make a foot pedal with it .
 Sometimes you buy something that you know is too inexpensive . That is the case here . The bits were very poorly made and dull dull dull . I put them in the trash and got fished my old set out of the trash can . The old ones are better than the new ones .
 the tools are cheap china junk . you get what you paid for . the tools came with rust . they do not cut well as they have few cutting teeth . almost burn the wood you are boring .
 Pump worked for a few hours of working time , the impeller blades broke off , so no water could be cycled to the wet saw blade . Blade is probably ruined now . Sent pump back at my expense 11 days ago , I 've yet to hear anything about its status . No contact has been attempted from seller since return .
 Not the pump in the picture it has a cheap plastic twist on top . it does n't have the three screws in the top.I would have bought the cheaper one
 It matched the faucet well , was made well , but not enough threads to fit my thicker counter top . I also did not like the white piece under the cover showing on top of the countertop .
 This rustic bronze -LRB- dark colored -RRB- dishwasher vent cover came with a WHITE washer it sits on . I have a dark countertop , so the white strip is unbearable and impossible to find in black .
 The tri-wing bit will not reach the deep screws on the wii . DO NOT BUY for the Wii ! The product listing is wrong .
 you should never use magnetic tools on electronics - the magnetic field can erase code stored in chips that is needed to run your suff then you will have more problemsthe set looks good but would be better if not magnetici work with electronics all the time and know the damage missing code in different chips can do and magnetic fields erase data stored in them
 I tried using the tri-wing screw bit . It did n't work so well and the screw bit itself STRIPPED VERY EASILY ! Not a good product .
 My 2-year old son stuck something into my Wii 's disc drive , and it got stuck . I had to purchase a tri-wing screwdriver to open up my Wii to remove the item . I bought this because it was the cheapest item , and assumed that a screwdriver would n't be a big deal . Boy was I wrong.This item is the biggest piece of crap I 've ever bought on Amazon . The screwdriver heads are made up of cheap metal that bend and strip right out of the box . I got a few screws out of my Wii and the head had stripped so much that the screwdriver was useless , and I could n't put the Wii back together.I had to buy a different set of tri-wing screwdrivers , and wait additional time for them to arrive before I could finally fix my Wii.DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP SCREWDRIVER !
 this screwdriver set is worth about .99 cents not $ 10 or whatever I paid for it ... DO NOT BUY !!! I would n't purchase this again for sure
 Stay away ! This is some of the cheapest hardware I have ever experienced . This is NOT magnetic tip as I thought by the title . I threw this set away after five minutes of using it , cheap plastic and ever cheaper bits .
 The blue screwdriver had blue residue coming off of it and onto my hands . The bits were made so poorly that they were shredding when used . The reason I bought it was to use the 3-sided bit for the Nintendo ds . THE BIT WAS TOO BIG !!! It had the advertisement of the nintendo ds on it 's discription and it would not work ! The bit was so fragile that tiny bits of metal -LRB- If that is what it was made of -RRB- were everywhere . I definately would NOT recommend this to anyone . Next time I will spend more money for something better .
 This screwdriver set was totally useless for me . I mainly got it because I needed the Triwing bit . Despite it 's small size , all of the bits are too big to fit most small screws , and the ones that did fit were easily stripped within seconds . Really not worth even the very cheap price you will pay for it here on Amazon .
 The kit I received did not include the tri wing bit or the pry tool which is the only reason I purchased it . Basically just torx , hex , slotted and phillips bits . The product is not as advertised , it is very cheaply made and it took forever to get here . I did n't mind the quality as I only needed it for one thing and the slow shipping was fine too but the fact that it was not as advertised sucks . And its to cheap to even send back . Will not buy from this seller again .
 It was nice to order this set with all the possible drivers that could be used on various items , but for the Nintendo DS the tri-wing bit was the wrong size , and there were n't any other sizes to use . the bits were too big . I had to take the game system to a real repair man as a result of not having the right size .
 Purchased for replacing Disc drive in a WII , The tri-wing tip broke on the fourth screw , and the bit was not long enough to reach two screws that were recessed in the housing.I would not recommend this product for dismantling or repairing a WII
 This product is not worth the price of returning it due to the very low price.The bits fall to the floor every time one lowers it.The bits do not lock into place in the handle.They loosely slide into place and fall out if one doe ` snt hold the handle upright at all times.This is really out of the question.Truly a piece of junk.You truly get what you pay for .
 I was looking for an affordable magnetic screwdriver set for general computer repair , etc. . I should have trusted the prior reviews.The driver is made of cheap plastic and surely will easily break or wear-out . The bits are 1/4 '' -LRB- not a common size -RRB- , so it will be difficult finding another driver for that bit size.I 'll be spending a few dollars extra and getting another set .
 This item is described as using 1/4 '' bits , but does not . The bits are 3mm which is about 1/8 '' and do not fit properly . Also this is not magnetic . I would consider this junk status.If there was only a way to rate it at less then one or any stars
 It shipped really fast . But it is indeed rusty and not be able to open a macbook pro . It is totally a waste of money .
 Not a quality tool.Quality is equal to tools of the Dollar Store.Some of my bits were missing.Have not used tool , but may work in a pinch .
 I read the reviews for this and dismissed them . that was a big mistake . first thing i noticed was that the actual driver and screws were all a bit rusty or dirty . now i would n't have minded if it were n't for the next problem i had . the bits were all too big ! it does n't work on my computer -LRB- macbook pro -RRB- or on my cellphone ! even the iphone sim card ejector is too big ! the only bit that worked was the triwing on the macbook battery , so i at least had some use for it . this was not what i was expecting at all considering in the description it says that it works on cellphone and computers . that is a lie !
 is not what the description say , it is just junk and do n't work fine , i like to fix my own stuff so i though this was going to help me and i was wrong
 Either I misunderstood the description or it is not meant what it says.Only thing I know is there are no bits to open a WII console in this set.It says TriWing but that is not for wii console .
 The title says it 's good for the Wii , I do n't think this screwdriver is good for anything , let alone the Wii . Which by the way , the set does not come with the tri-wing adapter . do not waste your money on this set .
 I purchased this because DS Lite was listed along with Tri-Wing spent $ 5.83 on this set . When I received it I did not receive one Tri-Wing bit . So I can not fix the DS Lite like I was hoping too with this set . I can use this set to remove the battery cover which I was able to before with my other precision screwdriver set . `` FALSE ADVERTISING WARNING ''
 As most of the other reviews say ... there is NOT a tri-wing screwdriver in this set that will work to repair a Wii . I normally read reviews on items before purchasing but I guess I figured it was cheap and all I need was the tri wing ... Anyway , what I want to say is that I left a seller review , which is apparently different than the product reviews . The seller , Zitrade , contacted me after they saw that I was disappointed with the product . They offered to refund my money , if I would remove my review . I have decided not to remove the review , nothing against the seller , but this item is complete junk . I did tell the seller that I thought they should discontinue selling this product , as it has created many negative reviews . My point is , the seller seems like a decent person , concerned about customer satisfaction . This is a cheap item , and sometimes `` you get what you pay for . ''
 This product in fact does not work for opening a DS Lite . The TRIWING tip is to big to remotly fit into the screw holes . I would not recommend buying this if you intend on using it for a DS Lite . It may work for other products though as I have not tested it for them .
 what do you expect from a dirt cheap item . its really useless , my kids have toys that looks better and real than this . do n't waste your money .
 I bought this to get into the battery holder . It does not have the small screw driver in the set to do it ! It does have different sized flat-heads and phillips , just not a real small Phillips .
 did not have the tri wing screw tip had to order a single one cost me time and money ... poor review
 Tried to take my wii apart to clean the dvd drive , but the only tri-wing it comes with can only remove the screws behind the controller port pannel while potentially stripping them !
 This set provides a large variety , but does not hold up well at all . Both the tri-wing and t6 bits have been stripped and are useless now after only a few jobs . If you want something that lasts , dont get this . If you need variety for only a handful of jobs , this may be good for you.Dont expect it to be able to handle older tight screws . That is how my bits were stripped .
 I received the product today . I purchased it for fixing Nintendo gameboy , color , and pocket . I tried every bit that was included but alas no triwing . This was a waste of time , money and effort .
 I 've always been told to use non-magnetic tools on computers and now that gaming systems have memory , the same rule would apply . So , unless you want to totally screw up -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- your computer/gaming system , do not use these screwdrivers on your computer or gaming system .
 Es una perdida de dinero si quiere comprarlo para cambiar el case de un nintendo wii , NO lo recomiendo .
 Should have read other reviews . Bought this seeing `` Nintendo Wii '' . Did not work for me . And the tool tip is flimsy !
 After recieveing this screwdriver I attempted to use it for the project I purchased it for and when I went to unscrew the screws in the process the tip of the skrew driver shaved off until it was no longer usable I maybe got through 3 skrews before this happend . I then tried using the other tips on other screws around the house only to find that they shaved off their wings too making this set useless . I do not recommend this product .
 this product is about the only tri wing that will not work on wii or ds properly.BEWARE of reviews below that look good since they are shill reviews from the vendor . this is dishonest of them . see `` NYC R.W. `` RW '' '' review . review only reviews products from this vendor and only gives five stare reviews -- including of such scams as cell phone antenna boosters .
 I bought this product for some of the smaller torx and the bits are worthless . The drive is made of cheap platic and looks as though it will break at any moment . A waste of money .
 this is what it says it is and nothing more . it will work in a bind but not an item you want to trust . the bits are about half the size length and width of standard bits . the whole package thing is made out of cheap materials . if it is something you are going to use everyday look else where . if you need it for a quick repair on a single item them it should easily do you well . also be ready to repack it . the container that it ships is similar in quality to those used for the lower end laser pointers . the bits do not stay in their spots and the lid just sets into place . no locks or hinges of any sort . anything more than a few bucks and you are going to feel ripped of .
 My screwedriver set does not look exactly like the picture here , and they werent magnetic . I received 2 of these items and on opening up one , the case was broken . When I tried to put the tips into the handle , they did n't fit . The second case opened up unbroken , but the tips didnt fit into the handle either.Both were a waste of money ! I threw them both away !
 Bought this to fix an XBOX , so i really only needed two of the torx bits . I assumed I was getting a deal at only $ 5 shipped , unfortunately neither of the bits I needed fit properly . I was n't able to loosen any of the bolts since the fitment was so loose , so I ended up buying another product later in order to fix my XBOX . I would advise anyone considering this product to save your $ 5 and go somewhere with high quality products like McMaster Carr .
 Watch Out ! They 're lying ! If you want to fix a broken DS Lite then DO N'T buy this set . Yes it does come with triwing and phillips bits , However , They 're to Big to fit the DS screws and you 'll end up buying another set or fighting with the cheap ones you get with a new case . It could be a useful set in other applications , I do n't know . Disclaimer should read `` NOT RECOMMENDED FOR Nintendo DS/DS Lite ! ''
 I purchased these for my husband who runs his own PC repair business , he was excited that I had found these because they were small and magnetic which he needs for those tiny screws . Big let down there . These are not what was advertised . . yes they are a screwdriver set but not magnetic in any way .
 This product SUCKS ! The tips of the bits were bending as you use them . This is a DO NOT BUY product .
 This is fine for single use per bit , but it strips entirely too easy . I ended up using a pair of pliers since the bit does n't seat tight enough , it ends up spinning in the handle rather than unscrewing the screws ! I had to turn the bit with the pliers because the handle was useless . Thankfully I rarely need to use this .
 Nice but be aware that the photo color does not appear correctly . Sink is a medium , to medium light forest green .
 I bought this replacement seat for a Kohler K 3397EB lowboy toilet . The original seat for this toilet is very high quality but the white plastic was beginning to yellow somewhat and the smooth surface of the seat was becoming somewhat rough . I thought it would be an easy matter to replace the seat and was advised by the Kohler representative to purchase this particular replacement seat.The seat that arrived was of the `` quick release '' type . The method of screwing the seat to the toilet involves picking either a `` long '' or a `` short '' screw position but neither position was precise enough to give a good fit . The seat either hung over the left side or hung over the right side slightly and there was no ability to make fine adjustments.The quality of the seat itself was also less than the original seat . The heft of the plastic was less and the seat lid was significantly lighter so that when one would sit on the lid , perhaps to put on one 's socks or shoes , the lid would creak and bend and not feel supported . Also the side rails of the seat were significantly more narrow than the original seat thus putting more pressure on one 's legs and buttocks and was quite uncomfortable because of this.I was quite disappointed in this product and have returned it . I suspect I will never be able to replace the original seat since this is an old and now discontinued toilet but certainly has the elongated bowl that matches dimensions of current bowls . In my situation the quality was just not there compared to the original item .
 I WAS TERRIBLY DISAPPOINTED WHEN I RECEIVED THIS MODERATELY EXPENSIVE KOHLER TOILET SEAT AS IT IS MADE OF SUCH A THIN , CHEAP LOOKING PLASTIC . THIS IS NOT WHAT I INTENDED AT ALL . I LIKE THE SLEEK DESIGN , BUT THE MATERIAL USED IS NOT OF THE QUALITY I WAS EXPECTING .
 I was looking for a toilet seat that had a substantial feel , was well constructed and of good quality . I trusted the Kohler name and expected that the higher price would indicate a better product . Not so . This particular model has a ketchy feature that we did n't expect to find
 This product has been redesigned by Kohler . It is not the same as the original toilet seat . Called Kohler because there was a defective nut and they are sending a replacement . However , I told them we were not happy with the seat as the ring surface is more rounded -LRB- original was more flat -RRB- , but more importantly the lid can not open far enough to rest on the toilet back , therefore it will likely snap , if someone leans back too far . Kohler apologized , admitted they redesigned the seat , and gave me two suppliers to call , to see if they have any `` old stock '' . Seriously , this toilet seat cost a fortune , Kohler needs to do better , particularly when they make a toilet that has a proprietary seat .
 This toilet seat is a replacement for the original . The original is 13 yrs old , not bad . On the new one they changed the way it attaches to the bowl . Plastic screws go into plastic nuts and then a plastic cap is snapped over the top to hold the seat on and in place . The plastic snap on covers that are suppose to hold everything in place do not stay snapped on . Therefore the toilet seat moves and does not stay in place . $ 88.00 is alot of money for a piece of crap for a craper . Totally dissifiedDavid S
 This seat is by no way imaginable even close to the original seat in 1999 ! What a shame to follow in the footsteps of typical products with no quality just profit from junk .
 I have had this style Kohler toilet seat before , but have been disappointed with this batch . I ordered seat replacements for 2 toilets and one seems to be satisfactory and the other is problematic . For some unknown reason , Kohler designers felt compelled to change the attaching `` hardware '' to a sub-standard design using plastic bolts and plastic wing nuts . One of the bolts will not tighten properly and the seat loosens constantly . In this case , spending this kind of money on a Kohler product was not worth it at all . I am very frustrated with this change of design .
 I should have checked this showerhead out as thoroughly as I usually check things out , but I was so excited to see it at a reasonable price compared to other filtering showerheads , that I grabbed it without research.I , too , like the other reviewers have had to start looking for something else after just 5 months because the rubber rings have stretched out and no longer hold the showerhead in the holder . The showerhead is too heavy for the mount that comes with it and it keeps falling down on our heads . The showerhead makes a high pitched squealing noise that my previous shower head did not make.I have a 4 yr . old daughter and she can no longer shower `` like a big girl '' because of the potential for injury . I see that the ShowerTek company is not much help , but I 'm going to E-mail them next and let them know about their inferior product . Do not waste your money on this product . You will be sorely disappointed , I 'm sure !
 An ugly , heavy , but very dim flashlight offering.Seems well made . The design leaves a lot to be desired.Not anywhere close to worth the money!Look elsewhere .
 or Product Description `` NOT '' Infinity Ultra-M Series of lights are military-grade versions of our most popular lights . With a hard-anodized coating , double o-rings , and water-sealed circuit board , the Ultra-M is quite possibly the toughtest light on the planet.The Ultra-M is not what u will get
 I was able to accomplish what I needed to with this auger , but I destroyed it in the process . First , I had to modify the shaft on a grinder , so that it would n't slip in my drill . Toward the end of the first day of use , the shaft bent -LRB- ca n't straighten it without breaking it -RRB- , so that it is no longer useable . Instead of good steel , the Chinese maker used pot metal . I tried to buy American , but could n't find a small auger on the market . Do n't we make anything any more ?
 I purchased the JR-18 through Amazon.com on June 5th 2012 . The first time I tried to use it in our flower garden it broke off at the point where the shaft meets the spindles -LRB- dirt is firm but not hard , a shovel easily digs in it , and it had been raining so the auger went in and out very easily on the first 2 holes and then on the third hole it went right in and then when reversing it out it just snapped off . -RRB- . I would like to get a warranty replacement , but non one will respond to my emails about it . I have tried to contact the seller with no response . According to Amazon it is passed the window to be replaced or returned . As all I want to say is when dealing over the internet `` Buyer Beware '' because after the sale you may never hear from them again .
 1/4 '' Shaft Very Weak Broke Twice Using 1/2 '' Drill . Not Recomended For Any Soil Other Than Sandy Soil !! Shaft Of At Least 3/8 '' Would Make This A Better Auger !!
 The moving part of this knocker is not attached to the face plate . It is simply `` sandwiched '' between the plate and the wood of the door . That means that when you move it , it rubs on the wood of the door . To make matters worse , there 's a seam in the metal from the casting process that makes an efficient `` gouger '' for maximum wood damage.The mounting screws are not included either , so if you decided you did n't care about the wood behind the knocker , you still have to find screws that match the finish.I would return this , but the cost of shipping makes it a loss . It will be trashed .
 The galvanized plating on the pan was terrible . It startd to come off within 6 months . A really bad plating job .
 Gave this to our son as part of his Easter basket this morning . The light stopped working literally an hour after the batteries were installed . Put in new batteries , still did not work . Could not see how to access the bulb , so can only assume it is burnt out . Very disappointed , as is our son .
 I was very disappointed in this product . The light was very dim , even with brand new batteries . And in less than 24 hours it was not even working at all . I changed the batteries but no luck . And there is no way to open light compartment which is great because it is a childs flashlight but terrible if the bulb goes out .
 I was disappointed with this lantern . It is very expensive , the lightbulb is difficult to replace , and the long light stand is easily bent by pets or landscapers brushing aside it .
 I have quite a few of these along my two outdoor paths . They are on the inside edge of concrete walkways , so there 's no mowing around them or other rough treatment , but most of them are broken where the lamp attaches to the post . I spent a lot of money getting them wired in , and I 'm really disappointed that I 'll have to pay to have something else put in if I want to replace them . Not recommended .
 I bought three of these to replace existing lights of the same make and model that were 9 years old . The metal fixtures of the existing lights were splitting . Knowing what I know now , I would look for something more durable.If you live in a warmer climate with little precipitation or wind , these will be fine . They are very attractive and distinctive .
 I am sure that this hard hat is safe and all , but it sits on top of my head like Abe Lincoln 's stove pipe hat-it 's really tall .
 I received them today , a day late from expected delivery . I used one and it broke , I used another and it also broke . Very brittle product , do not recommend .
 These bits are n't ` super hard ' as the name suggests . My 1/8 '' drill bit broke after the first use . . I have used the other , larger drill bits in drywall and they have been fine so far . It 's a good cheap set that can get little jobs done -LRB- like putting up wall shelves -RRB- . Def not heavy duty .
 i got these along with another set and just like the other they could not hold up to the work load went dull fast even with lube
 First , Neiko Tools USA sounds like the US sales division for a Japanese tool manufacturer , but this is n't one of those . It 's just another Chinese tactic to give junk the appearance of being good stuff at an outstanding price.Second , these are n't cobalt drills ; they 're `` cobalt coated . '' In my experience , `` cobalt colored '' would be more accurate . I 've completely rounded the tips while trying to drill through thin mild steel ; I 've also smoked a tip on mahogany boards . If you 're drilling anything harder than , say , dry pine boards , go buy something that 's made of actual cobalt .
 Answer
 As stated by previous reviewers , these bits are WAY too `` aggressive '' . Actually , I got them as a gift , so , I ca n't complain about MY value for money but ... because nowhere on the labeling -LRB- that I could see -RRB- did it say what materials the bits are for , I assumed they were for wood only ... and that 's all I 've used them for so far . As others have said , they `` feed '' way too fast . The bigger the bit , the `` nastier '' they are as they rip into the wood . I definitely would n't use especially the bigger bits on anything you want to preserve the surface finish of -- they rip into the wood , and the entry is anything but clean . Of course , if you progress up from 4 or 5 sizes smaller , you can minimize that risk , but that sort of obviates the self-pilot feature of the bit set , right ? The comment that they corkscrew into the piece -- pulling the drill ... and the user -- into the wood is a good description of my experience . And , with the bigger bits , you better have your piece of wood clamped/screwed/nailed down if you 're using an 18V drill ! That 's because as it corkscrews itself in -LRB- as opposed to cutting out a hole -RRB- , one or the other is going to start spinning . As said by another , probably a better bit set for a drill press !
 I was excited when I received these drill bits about three years ago . Of course any new , sharp drill bits are always exciting . I find myself cursing these drill bits every time I use them . The `` pilot point '' tends to drill into the wood like a cork screw , VERY quickly . Even if you try applying very little pressure , zip , right into the wood . I made the mistake of using these for some finish work on a newel post and the ugly hole I started with looked better then the finished product . I do n't even enjoy using these bits for rough work , they just screw into the wood every dang time . Oh , and the `` no slip '' shank is a crock . Only the larger bits have the no-slip shank . When the smaller bits screw into the wood and get stuck , and then you throw the drill into reverse , the bits just spin and spin -LRB- granted my Dewalt drill has a keyless chuck -RRB- . I 'm disappointed that these carry the Dewalt name , I think they tarnish an otherwise decent reputation .
 After drilling the pilot , the main part of the drill grabs the work piece . With a portable drill , the drill is wrenched out of your hand . With a drill press , the work piece had better be clamped down .
 Save your money junk drill bits if you want some good ones buy Milwaukee brand bits they work great and last . I have tried many different bits out there and the Milwaukee hole up the best most of my drilling is on steal also the dewalt bits are ok for wood but that is it the break and dull out fast .
 I used this drill bit set a couple of times and really do n't like them at all . The bits grab into the wood way too fast making a very rugged hole . I used them today drilling holes in treated , outdoor lumber and the bits would grab , get stuck , forcing me to constantly reverse the drill and back out . Even with soft pressure , they want to force themselves into the wood way too fast jerking the drill out of your hand . The holes were all chewed up and ragged , just awful ! I ca n't imagine using these bits in metal !!!
 They are high quality , idiot proof to use and will drill steel nicely , but they ca n't be re-sharpened -LRB- well mabye ... -RRB- . I 've tried by hand but there are to many angles and surfaces to deal with to get them right in a timely manner . Sharpening a regular drill bit is hard enough . If they would make a bit sharpener that would sharpen these -LRB- and not cost way more then a drill doc -RRB- I would continue to use them all the time and not have to buy new ones . Now I only use them when I 'm drilling something vary rounded or when I ca n't find a small bit to make a pilot hole ... not worth the money if buying for a long term use in hard material .
 I 've never had a drill that grabs so aggressively at the end . Their site claims that `` Pilot Point Tip starts on contact for clean , accurate holes and reduces lock-up on breakthrough '' Balderdash , the large bits 5/16 and up will chew right through shallow holes . You will have very little control on depth when drilling freehand ; the bit is design to chew not drill in a controlled manner . I got the 29 piece set and wish I would have returned it after the first bad hole as a result of the aggressive design .
 These bits were fine for utility work but when used for any finish work . . -LRB- i.e. mounting hardware or trying to drill w/o going all the way through -RRB- they are too hungry for the wood . The larger bits do n't actually drill through the wood so much as drill into it like a screw . Even when being extra careful to apply light pressure the drill was twisted out of my hand as the bit tore through my workpiece . while drilling through some Maple Plywood drawer fronts the bit pulled the workpiece up off the table and out of my hand leaving a large chipped out area of veneer on the face of my piece . I also was n't impressed with the pilot point , the bit still walked . Nothing beats an awl or center punch for accurate drilling
 As others have stated , these bits are very aggressive and very sharp . If you intend to use a good cordless hand drill and think that you will hold the piece in your other hand , not going to happen . I use drills each day and these drills are best -LRB- excellent -RRB- for drill press .
 I was looking for a set of drill bits in the 5/8 - 1/2 inch category , and I happened to see this dewalt set at home depot . I got it thinking its dewalt , its got to be good . Well , maye Im using it for the wrong purpose , but when I drill holes in soft wood like pine , it rips up the wood at the top pretty bad . My old B&D twist drill bits do a cleaner job . Guess I should have done my research before buying this set .
 You have no control on the feed rate of these drill bits . If you want to drill a pilot hole half way through a wood table top , the bit gets sucked into the wood and the bit will come through the top of your table . I 've used drill bits of every type for the last 40 years , I have never seen anything so bad . I have a brand new set , but they are worthless . I only use my old set . If you have a table drill you may be able to get some control with the feed rate of these bits , but for hand tools you will constantly be struggling . I know this point has already been made , but somehow many others have prematurely given these bits a higher rating . These people probably have only used the smallest sizes with harder wood . My old set worked with all types of wood and metals with no problems . Do yourself a favor and keep looking .
 These bits are horrible , I can never get a clean cut with them , because the cut too fast . The grab and pull themselves through the wood more like a screw than a drill bit . Forget about using them for any kind of metal -LRB- you 'll end up with a ragged chewed up hole that is totally unacceptable -RRB- . Go with something else and you 'll be happier .
 I bought two of these wrenches as I needed them for a specific job that required 1/8 '' pins as stated in the ad copy . They arrived and the pins are 4mm . This is closer to 5/32 .
 Hard to postion properly on ear , battery has very short life
 It looked little and cute and seemed like it would do the job , and while it is comfortable and light-weight ... it ca n't switch ears , which I had assumed it would for some reason , and it 's also not bright enough . For a dimly lit room maybe ... but when I got home and turned out the lights to test it out , even with the big ole tv going , It was barely enough to light the page dimly . That and if I moved my head too much to follow the words -LRB- big book -RRB- , the light went OFF the page . Upside , it was cheap .
 I recently bought this product from the grocery store . There were absolutly no directions on how to put this thing around your ear . The company need to think smarter , not everyone knows how to attach to ear . It took me many trys to get this thing on . This was downright wrong . I have to give credit that the ear piece was comfortable . I was able to read well . Yes , I had to strain my neck alot . I also found that the piece only attaches to right ear . What if some people do n't have a right ear ? DISCRIMINATION !! Omega should have made it usable for both ears .
 If only this worked !!!! I would have loved to have kept this , but we were unable to connect the two pieces . Upon close inspection , we realized that the threads were bent . Aha ! Either this was a factory defect or someone else was having trouble with the connection . So we sent the deck and patio brush back in exchange for another . This time I showed it to my contractor who was also at a loss for how to fit the two parts together . Very disappointing and a waste of time .
 There were two previous reviewers
 My experience with this product started out great . The shower assembly arrived a few days after I ordered it , and all of the pieces arrived clean and undamaged . My problem started when I finished assembling the shower . The head I received was defective - there was some metal flashing that prevented the head from fitting in the nut that held it to the shower pole . I contacted the customer service by email , and I got a response back quickly assuring me that a replacement would be sent . However , weeks went by , which turned into months . Subsequent attempts to contact customer service went unanswered . The shower was easy to assemble and works great , but I ca n't recommend this product for $ 400 if it arrives incomplete and Baths from the Past are unwilling to rectify it .
 I bought this shower filter three years ago . After 10 months of use , I had to order a replacement cartridge . Problem was that no cartridges were available . As we were happy with the filter , we decided to buy another filter and forget about the replacement cartridge . After using the second filter for 8 or 9 months , I new cartridge was again needed . I ordered it from the manufacturer -LRB- Paragon -RRB- but my order was cancelled four days afterwards . I learnt my order had been cancelled only because I received an email from AMAZON . The manufacturer -LRB- Paragon -RRB- did not even bother to let me know why my order was cancelled . I guess they do not carry the cartridges any longer . Maybe they prefer to sell the filter -LRB- which is much more expensive -RRB- and not let the customers know the replacement cartridges will never be available ? . I would assume this is the case . Now I am going for another filter and will never buy anything from Paragon again .
 The problem with many of these filters , is the housing material . Brittle plastic ones will crack , as was the case with this one . In fact it cracked on the first usage , however the company refunded the full cost , with no hassles . I liked the design because it did n't reduce the shower height.I
 I live in Tampa , FL , where the water is downright toxic . I tried a Paragon filter on my shower when I got sick of the feeling that my hair had a coating on it even after washing it . I have replaced the cartridge in the filter , thinking that would help , but now I 've just given up on this filter . I did n't notice any difference at all , and I am now searching for a better one . I only got this type because it 's the only brand Home Depot had . I do n't recommend it if you have serious water problems like we do here in Tampa , where something much more powerful and efficient is necessary .
 The detachable handle would not attach with the o-ring in place , so it was completely useless . I tried for a considerable amount of time and with lubrication at one point.The item also seems to be fond of cheap low quality plastic.I wish I could have reviewed how the item actually worked , but their quality control was sub par .
 When I first took this out of the packaged I thought to myself that that the water connector looked inadequate and cheap , sure enough , as I was using it the connector snapped . I would avoid this product and look for something with more beef .
 I ordered two pairs -LRB- 4 pieces -RRB- , used for about a month , one pair -LRB- 2 pieces -RRB- broke . They do n't create any pressure any more , you can just yank them out from the working set after appying as much as pressure as you could . Called Amazon to get a pair of replacement , out of the box one of them has the same symptom . My Irwin ones , after two years of service , still out perform these in any case .
 The product applied easy and made the wood look great but after drying left wax marks on the doors when the light hits and was unable to get off without stripping the door . I would not use or buy this product
 I purchased this unit to inflate tires on my RV -LRB- 6 tires at 100 psi each -RRB- . Since I had the compressor , I used it on the cars and bikes also . Worked great , I loved it , nice compact design , not too heavy , and it does n't draw too many amps . But after 2.5 yrs , it simply died . Motor could n't start the compressor against more than 50 psi in the reservoir . Repair shop said the electronic device that adds power during the start of the motor went bad , and it would cost more than a new unit to replace . I contacted DeWalt and asked if they could help , even though the 1-yr warranty is expired , since it had such light use . DeWalt was very nice , but told me I was on my own . I ended up putting this 2.5 yr old unit , like-new , out for the trash . If it will only last 2-1/2 years , I 've decided a low-cost unit might be a better deal -LRB- e.g. , Home Depot 's Husky brand -RRB- .
 Owned this unit for about an hour before returning it for a refund.I bought this item for two reasons , light weight and low noise . Well the unit is light weight but no quieter then my 10 year old Craftsman 3 gallon unit that requires ear protection to use.As with others that rated this a 1 star , the regulator was faulty . If you backed it off so that the pressure on the tool side of the regulator was 0 , the unit would build up pressure until it cut out at 135psi . As soon as you tried to bleed any air into the tool side of the regulator there would be a rush of air and the pressure would drop to 20 psi with the compressor running.I bought the DeWalt unit because I thought they made a quality product . You would think that they would run these unit to make sure they worked before packing them up , I guess I was wrong.At least Amazon makes the return/refund process easy .
 I purchased this product and `` broke it in '' according to the instructions . During the first use I noticed the regulator did not work . The internal tank pressure continued to build -LRB- i.e. , motor does n't shut off -RRB- , exceeding the set point of the regulator . I returned this unit in exchange for another , thinking I simply received a defective unit.I was both surprised and disappointed that the second unit received had the exact same problem ! I 'm returning this unit and trying another brand .
 Purchased this item for my husband and within one month , the compressor stopped working . To add insult to this matter , it quit working after the time I could return it for a full refund which was only after one month of receiving it !!! I was charged a restocking fee even though we added a note when returning the item that the compressor did n't work . So , this is a warning to anyone who wants to purchase this item that you may receive the faulty one that we returned . Between return shipping fees and restocking fees , we spent an extra $ 50 on this item .
 This is like all the Dewalt products I own . Cheap and needing repair way too soon . I will never buy another Dewalt product again . Would rather shop at harbor freight and know that I was getting what I paid for . STAY AWAY FROM DEWALT IT IS JUNK . I do this for a living and fool me once ...
 I bought this compressor in 2010 from Amazon . Completed the break in process as described . I wanted a compressor to use on home projects primarily operating a brad nailer . The compressor worked well for that purpose while it lasted . I used the compressor a total of 10 times on small wood working projects . The compressor was garage stored . I plugged it in this week to finish the trim work on a built-in entertainment center and the compressor would run but would n't build pressure . Checked for leaks , faulty gauges , etc. . Discovered the piston was shot . Ca n't repair these units as they are throw away units . Highly disappointed with the quality of this product . Do not buy this unit .
 Purchased this May 1 , 2012 . I used it maybe twice . Now tank pressure builts up fine , but when I turn the regulator for line pressure all the air blows out around the regulator . Going to attempt to return it .
 Turned out to have the same problem that many other reviewers have had . The tank hits 135 PSI and caps , no line pressure . Regulator cap leaks and DeWalt will not service it.Huge pain , since I 've just had the time to unpack it after being busy with work , and it 's outside of the Amazon return period .
 Purchased as a gift for immediate need by a family member . Transaction/delivery -LRB- Amazon/UPS -RRB- was great . However , the unit would not go much above 30-40 PSI contrary to the 135 psi stated . Unit was returned since it did not perform as stated/needed . Disappointed in the product itself but would use Amazon again .
 Defective out of the box . Regulator valve leaked and the compressor pump sounded like there was a ball bearing bouncing around in it -- otherwise ... it had a nice paint job ? I am currently returning it and plan on buying a compressor locally and of a different brand .
 Owned one of these . Used it rarely , it lasted about the equivalent of 4 hours and the motor quit . Before it quit the regulator was failing , I reached for the switch and it made a funny noise and stopped . Never to restart . Nope , this is the third Dewault product I 've purchased from Lowes and they 'll not get another dime.I took it back and unfortunately it was out of warranty . If they 're going to have the Chinese make these things they need to define a QA spec , cause they 're just selling junk these days . I 've gone back to Ace for my supplies .
 I own this . Do not buy this , it is a toy . Used very few hours , now it leaks air when the outlet valve is turned on . Seems like the regulator valve is shot . Own a Makita `` Big Bore 700 '' , cost around $ 200 , best in class for small units . If you got ta have a DeWalt , the D55155 Emglo has been reliable for me , oiled , heavy , quick recovery ... UPDATE
 I have an Emglo air compressor that 's almost 20 years old . It always works and has not given me one bit of problem over the years . I wanted a small , portable compressor for trim work and quick jobs , so I tried this air compressor . It says that it 's a DeWalt by Emglo , so I had hoped the Emglo was still the real maker of it . Unfortunately , DeWalt got a hold of a great company and brought it down to their low standards . DeWalt is about 50/50 on wether you get a good tool or junk . This turned out to be junk . Right out of the box , it started up , built up pressure and then lost it when I turned the Regulator Knob to get pressure to my air hose . Reading the instruction manual , they list it as a faulty Regulator . The cheap , plastic knob leaks air out the bottom of it.The replacement did the exact same thing !!! After wasting too much time on this , I 've swore off DeWalt for air compressors . My list of things not to buy from DeWalt is growing . What I 'm really disapointed in is the Emglo name is also junk too .
 No attachments to operate it . Poor representation . All the Dewalt products I received for Christmas are same way . No wonder they are on sale!All the Dewalt products should have warning that product does not include all necessary operating parts !
 Read carefully that this is a `` trim '' gun and NOT a `` Framing '' gun compressor . I had two framers tacking trusses together and this compressor burned itself up in less that two hours on the job . Think long and hard about a gas powered -LRB- Honda -RRB- compressor -LRB- Rolair for example -RRB- if you need any volume of usage . Yes you 'll spend three times as much , however , it will not let you down ... Typically atleast.Regards , Matt Garrett .
 The regulator adjustment knob is leaking air like crazy . And I need to buy a replacement kit for $ 30 bucks . Like what the F@#$%^ Amazon ??? So , it looks like it might work really good ... Update : I opened up the regulator knob and adjusted the o-ring inside of it - which prolly had gotten knocked loose during shipping or manufacturing . Then I let the unit run , while gently fiddling with the knob . Then after 5 minutes the knob stopped leaking and the tank started to build up pressure.So it works . Just annoying to buy sh # @ and have to fix it before using it .
 If you are considering purchasing the DeWalt D55140 , please review the prior feedback before making a decision . I have been a long time advocate , and purchaser of DeWalt tools. , however , I am very disappointed with this product . Ca n't tell you how many times the fuse has blown on my unit , even without using an extension cord and/or with very little current being drawn . Unless you want to spend lots of time circumventing or modifying the ridiculous fuse situation , look else ware .
 This compressor is fairly powerful , when it works ... if you 'll notice , a lot of people have problems with this unit quitting working after a certain amount of time , and here 's the reason and the fix for those who are at all curious ... There 's something wrong with the way this unit draws power , which causes a short in the circuit board . The board gets overloaded if you leave it on , and the fuse blows . No fuse means the unit stops working completely . You can replace the fuse -LRB- I believe it 's a 5 amp fuse -RRB- on the inside - but it will blow again after a matter of time -LRB- like I said , a defect in the circuitry ... -RRB- It is something of a pain to open this compressor up and work on it . I installed a plate on the outside that holds the bottom plastic back together , and removed the stock compression clamps on the hoses and replaced those with screw down hose clamps . Now the unit is easier to open than it was before . . but it is still something of a nuisance to open it up and fix it.To fix this -LRB- somewhat -RRB- permanently , I soldered wire on either side of the circuit board , and moved the fuse to the outside of the unit . The fuse is now accessable directly on the ouside of the case -LRB- between the tank and the knobs -RRB- - and when it blows , I can simply replace it with another fuse for about $ 0.80 . A more permanent solution would be to put a 5A breaker on the outside , so you just have to flip a switch when it pops ... but I have n't gotten to that point yet ... even with this fix , I would still reccomend staying away from this compressor . It IS ultra portable and when it 's working it 's great for trim and light work , but who wants to open up an air compressor to fix something that should have been either caught by Quality Control or recalled entirely ?
 Really liked the compressor at first . Used it very little and gave it excellent care . It quite working after about 12 hours of use . Dewalt will not help to diagnose the problem . Made in China not America like the other Emglo compressors . Dewalt service is non-existent . I am done with Dewalt tools because I have had similar problems with their cordless tools and portable planer as well . They have a nice paint job but are homeowner grade , not professional grade tools . They do have a professional price tag .
 Got this compressor as a Christmas present . Really like the light weight and size . Hooked it up and broke it in as per instructions . Very quite unit . When I pressurized the line , it leaked air quickly . Called customer service and they said it was most likely the pressure regulator and offered to mail me one . However , I opted to take it to the local Dewalt Service Center for repairs . After 2 weeks , I checked on status and was told they were awaiting parts . At 4 weeks , I called and was told they did n't know if or when they would get the parts in . So I picked it up and returned it to Amazon . No problems in the return . When the factory service center ca n't get the parts , it is not a piece of equipment I want to own .
 Bought this air compressor to use with some trim nail guns . Worked great right up to the moment it started leaking air around the piston . With a DeWalt Emglo , I thought that I was buying quality . I got less service out of it than I did a previous cheap one from Harbor Freight -LRB- about a quarter of the price -RRB- . Motor still looks new , but wo n't hold air . Do n't buy this one .
 I got a defected product from Amazon , so no good comment on this product until I get the replacement .1 . Amazon sent me a compressor with a major air leak on at the regulator knob , after the break-in period , I turned the knob to regulate the air I hear the sound of major air leak and the tank PSI quickly dropped to 0 , while the motor kicked in trying to refill the tank to no avail .2 . Called Amazon and Amazon was quick to offer a replacement . Now I am just waiting for the replacement to arrive before I can comment further.Dec . 18 , 2010Ok , got new replacement from Amazon.com and guess what ? Same air leak at the regulator knob , though not as bad , but still leak ! Not sure what else to say but call up Amazon.com and return this . No more DeWalt compressor in the future . What happened to the `` Emglo '' brand standard/quality ? I HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS COMPRESSOR !
 I purchased on of these on March 10th 2010 and installed on my new deck about a month later . It worked great for about 6 months than the timer stopped working and I had to turn them on and off manually . I got tired of that and purchased another one about a month ago and just threw the packaging out and less than 30 days after I installed this one the timer stopped working so now I have to of these pieces of garbage in my garage . Spend a little more and get a better one .
 This thing put out a buzz noise that you would expect from a bandsaw -LRB- not kidding -RRB- ; could be heard inside the house ! Just the noise of the timer , not the transformer -LRB- no lights on -RRB- . Let it run for an hour , did not diminish . Very surprised ! Avoid this timing mechanism .
 Bad - It stopped working a week after I had it then it started working again . Now it stopped again and has n't worked in three days . I am going to return this if I can . .
 This is not a review of the timer/transformer , just a way to use the transformer after the timer stops working . I to have had problems with the timer/transformers for the low voltage landscape lighting . As stated , they are costly , but the part that costs the most is the transformer , the timer is the least expensive part , so what I did when the timer did not work anymore , I bought an outdoor timer , -LRB- about $ 10.00 on Amazon.com -RRB- and plugged that timer into the elect . outlet and than set the timer/transformer to the on position and let the new timer turn the transformer on and off . Another option is to get an outdoor remote control and plug the timer/transformer into that so you can turn the transformer on and off from a remote location -LRB- inside the house -RRB- , etc. .
 The particular one that I received was defective . The timer clock would not run . Fortunately , I received a prompt refund .
 The Malibu outdoor light power pack did not work when I got it . I had thrown the box away so I could n't return it . It was a piece of junk .
 This transformer was included with the landscape kit I purchased . I have had nothing but problems out of this little device . There are two sets of trippers that are included with the transformer . I have yet to figure out how to get these lights to come on at the appropriate time . I thought the original transformer was defective and I contacted intermatic.com to ask for a replacement . Same situation . You think you are following the instructions and the lights still come on at the wrong times . So , this transformer is not good for me . I am currently looking for one with a photocell that will just turn the lights on at dusk and dawn . Red and black trippers too confusing for me .
 We purchased this item to replace a similar unit in which the timer had failed . What we recently discovered is that the timer does NOT control the power to the transformer . The timer controls the low voltage output to the lights ; which may put less stress on the timer , but otherwise is unsatisfactory . The transformer hum is much louder than the previous unit . Our timer is located in the front hall closet which should prolong the life of the unit , but the transformer hums day and night , no matter whether the timer is on or off . This is not only irritating is also not efficient from an energy-saving perspective . We should have paid more for a better model .
 I have had both a Malibu 200 watt and 121 watt transformer for over 10 years with no problem with either of these . I decided to replace my halogen landscaping lights with much more efficient LED lights as a way of reducing my electric bill . Since that also reduced the demand on these transformers , I thought it would be a good idea to replace the 200 watt transformer with this 88 watt model ... also thinking I might want to replace both ; but fortunately I only replaced one to see how well it worked ... in short , it was a very bad decision to replace either of them.After measuring the actual watts used by each of the transforms , I discovered what reviewer `` Dinoz '' discovered
 I bought this as a new , separate 88 watt unit along with 5 separate lights -LRB- which only totaled 50 watts -RRB- . The installation was simple enough and worked well but it would get pretty warm to the touch . The timer portion only lasted 2 years .
 I purchased this 88 watt Intermatic 12v low voltage transformer to replace an identical unit from Malibu that gave up the ghost after 15 years . Unfortunately , the new Intermatic power pack can not keep accurate time . Every day I reset the timer to the correct time , the unit would be off by 4 hours or more the following day . I tried setting the timer for several days in a row and it never kept time accurately . Deemed unit defective and returned for a refund .
 I purchased this item along with two lights . When I got everything hooked up I was so pleased because it was so easy . so I set the timer to come on and off ... but to my surprise the lights came on 1 1/2 hours before I wanted them to . so I reset the timer ... and again it did the same thing ... runs fast ! I like the product but need to get one that keeps the right time !
 Item arrived and I put it into place almost immediately using the directions along with my knowledge of a previously owned similar device . After making several attempts and once again reviewing the directions the Power Pack still did not work.I 'm currently in the process of returning the item . Needless to say a disappointment .
 After years upon years of dealing with these low voltage lighting systems , here is what I can say , stay away from them.If you are a person who can dig a trench , do very basic wiring and glue together conduit , do yourself a favor and go with a 110 ac system.For the longest time , I was dealing with the headaches of these low voltage systems . Then my neighbor was telling me he was having a line voltage system put in . I did n't even know there were such lights -LRB- which admittedly sounds dumb -RRB- . I did some research , ordered my materials and installed them.Don ' t spend $ 200 to $ 400 on some piece of junk low voltage system . Spend the $ 800 to $ 1000 and have a solid system that you do n't have to jack with all of the time.I do n't work in this industry , I do n't install these -LRB- other than my own -RRB- and I do n't sell them . I 'm just a guy who wanted outdoor lights that were n't junk , and I probably wasted as much money on the cheap systems as what it cost me to do it right.It takes a lot more time searching the internet to find line level products at a reasonable price , but it 's well worth it.My guess as to why the cost is so much higher is because practically all commercial properties use line level and are willing to pay top dollar .
 The clock does n't work , so it 's pretty much useless . Not really sure how to return it as when I opened it everything went out , never imagining it would n't work .
 Pass on the Malibu ML88T timer . I have had one for 20 years that continues to work even after lightening struck the outlet . I decided to add low voltage lights to my front yard landscaping and have now replaced two timers in 18 months . Apparently the newer models are being manufactured cheaper than the ones that came with the low voltage lighting kits years ago . Do n't waste your time and money folks .
 While this product is highlighted as having an extension pole , the pole is poorly constructed and flimsy . I tried using on my pool deck , and the pole would not stay locked into place . After trying it some more , the pole essentially snapped . I do not recommend this product , as the pole is poorly constructed . I have ended up taking the broom head and attaching it to another pole . On a side note , the brush head itself is pretty good , but I would n't have paid the money just for the broom head .
 I bought this toilet seat mainly because of the price . Like they say , if you buy cheap you got ta buy twice . The seat is made of cheap plastic , it slides constantly . I have installed many toilet seats before which I never had to adjust , maybe once a year . I had to adjust this one every week , I got so frustrated that I threw it out and bought a new one.The only reason why I left 2 stars out of 1 is because it is semi-comfortable . Besides that , it is trash .
 This seat does not attatch securely to the base . When you sit down , it slides and you about break your neck !! Ours broke in half . No thank you , toilet surfing is not in my future !
 I had it for a week and a half . The vinyl seat ripped and I have since bought another seat .
 The quality of these towels is not very good . They snag incredibly easily so begin to fall apart after just one use . The good side is they are inexpensive - but you get what you pay for .
 I bought this product to cover an area on a wall where a child had written in marker . This product did NOTHING to cover the marker spot . Even after EIGHT coats . Totally worthless . Would NEVER buy again .
 Cumbersome to use and it did n't do a very good job keeping the dust down . I would not purchase again . This will go into the next garage sale .
 After hand sanding and having to deal with dust clean up , I bought this to help with dust and sanding . The sanding screen sheet left grooves in the mudding even with the fine sheet . The plastic handle component that hooks up the hose broke after a few uses . Was very disappointed .
 I was disappointed with the hand sander . I was using the product to sand down paint so I could mud new drywall to existing . The suction works great but the sand paper did n't do much and the screen actually tore . I ended up buying an electric sander and it worked like a dream .
 I ordered the Hyde sander due to it 's made in Canada and it had great reviews . The Ace hardware that was supposed to send the sander sent an inferior `` made in China '' el cheapo sander . I just used what was sent to get the job done but was not happy with the ol' switcheroo . This is the first time any thing I 've ordered on Amazon was not what it was supposed to be . I blame the idiot at Ace Hardware who packed the item .
 I was doing some repairs to my walls , preping for painting . Had a bunch of nail pops that I repaired and was hoping to speed up the sanding time , but also minimize the mess with that dust free hand sander . It does a good job at eliminating dust , but it was way to hard to work with . It 's just too cumbersome , and just did n't do anywhere near the job that a normal hand sander can do . Maybe it was the size of the pad being so large , or how rigid it was . I wo n't be using it again . Fortunately it was not that expensive .
 I plugged this lamp in . It worked for 2 minutes and then stopped working . I contacted Bell & Howell . They told me to mail them the cord and they 'd mail me a replacement lamp but that was 2 months ago . It still has n't come .
 I used it one time and want to sell it . With only one wheel on the far right side of the blade it tilts towards the blade when you lift the handle to go around a curve in my driveway . it then digs into the concrete or the lawn and tears it up . I purchased this thinking it would be as good as the Trim Rite trimmer I 've owned for almost 20 years but it 's not .
 I had purchased the 48 '' x 3 '' clamps just before I bought these for only $ 8 more than these . I thought I would be getting clamps that were close to the same quality , but that could n't be further from the truth . The Denali 48 '' clamps are great , but these are very cheap and small . They look like some old clamps I purchased from Harbor freight before I knew any better . They are very small and the bar is thin . They do n't look like they will hold up when a reasonable amount of clamping pressure is applied . I would recommend everyone purchase the 48 '' clamps and cut them if you want them shorter . That would n't cost much more and you will get a significantly better clamp .
 Unfortunately I purchased this shower filter before I read the bad reviews on other sites . I read that I could expect the cartridge to block up with in days if I lived in an area with hard water and they were right . I figured that I could take the cartridge out and use it as a regular shower head , but it leaks terribly without the cartridge in place . I now shower under a pathetic dribble and am considering punching holes through the cartridge so that I can still use it .
 *** edited 4/11/09 . I stopped using this light a few months ago . For some reason it started flickering no matter how new the batteries were . I would `` ding '' it and it would stop flickering for a few minutes , and then start up again . I gave up and am now using a Mighty Bright , which I do n't like nearly as much as the Verilux , but at least the light is consistent . I finally tossed the Verilux in the trash yesterday . *** I have tried this light out with both alkaline batteries and rechargeable AAs . I 'd say I got about 15 hours out of the alkalines , and so far about 6 on the fully charged rechargeables that I put in a few days ago.I use this light with my Kindle , which is in an Oberon cover . I fold the cover back , and attach the light to the folded back cover . The light has a high and low setting . I tend to use the less bright light , I 'm sure this helps extend the battery life.The light is just the right size for the Kindle . You can adjust the main unit , where the batteries are , as well as the light itself , so you can bend it exactly right to light the entire Kindle screen . I do n't know if it is `` daylight '' light , but it is much more pleasant to read by than the yellowish cast of my floor lamp.The switch is large and easy to manipulate.When I am not using the light I remove it from the cover . When I first got the light , I left it on the cover for two days , and it did cause some dents in the leather , which worked their way out after a few days . The clip is wide and sturdy , I think it will last a long time.I have n't tried it with a paperback , but I think the unit is too heavy to use on one .
 Initially I was thrilled to find this book light . I have a desk top Verilux Natural Spectrum light and have been pleased with the natural spectrum light and it 's performance . I was completely underwhelmed with the Verilux travel light . When I turned it on for the first time the high beam light was clear and bright . It completely illuminated the page . As I settled in to read , the light flickered . Within minutes it was flickering nonstop . Then the high beam setting completely failed . I was left with a subpar low beam light . This light was not sufficient to completely illuminate the page so I was forced to make adjustments to read the lower half of the page . I do not recommend this book light .
 I purchased the Verilux book light based on previous customer reviews , but it did not performance did not match the reviews . I wanted to read in bed , yet the brightness is not adequite without additional background light which is what I was trying to avoid . On ther plus side , it is a great night light .
 This light is bright enough for me to read by with no other illumination , but the optimal brightness appears to be 4in from the bulb . There 's a distinct drop in intensity past that point . Also , there 's a lot of light scatter from this lamp , so it 's dim but still manages to be intrusive.The quality of the light is slightly cool without having that too blue LED corpse-like quality , and if it were just brighter or better focused , I would be quite happy with this.Yes , the clip is flimsy but I prefer it as a stand anyway . The battery cover is quite robust ; do n't hold the unit by the clip when trying to open the battery compartment or the clip will pop off before the cover does .
 I read the reviews and bought it anyway . I wanted a little extra full-spectrum portable light at work , and it does provide that , but do n't touch it or it falls apart . I am keeping it to clip on my computer screen at work but do n't recommemd it , especially to someone who wants to clip it to a book !
 BEWARE . I ordered two lamps and both of them had flimsy plastic clamps and not metal clamps as advertised . I 've emailed amazon to see if they will address this or else I will have to return them.Looks like they have switched the clamps . Deceptive .
 Nice design , but the light output is nowhere near the 100 - 150 watt output claimed , it is barely as bright as a 13 watt fluorescent bulb.I ordered a replacement light from Amazon thinking the first was faulty , the light output is the same , so now my dilemma is buy or return both .
 I purchased another Verilux lamp , which was not as advertised . It was supposed to have a dimmer control , but apparently that was only on an older model . The new model was WAY TOO BRIGHT , and because the lamp only takes proprietary pin-socket bulbs , there was no way to put a lower wattage bulb in it.Independent Living Technologies would not give me a full refund ; nor pay for return shipping.Verilux told me that `` Ergonomic rotating switch located on the lamp head provides total control over power settings '' just means it has `` an on/off switch '' . They refused to accept that it had been misrepresented.BUYER BEWARE ; make sure you know what you 're buying from these people because they are not customer-oriented ; they will not give you your money back .
 I bought this on a whim . First and last product I buy without reading reviews first . Waste of money.It is so freaking uncomfortable to attack to the book , and the light it gives off is not uniform at all , and its not even strong . It feel like cheap quality.Don ' t buy it .
 When you take a look at the picture , it looks pretty neat , but the truth is that the light is poor , it EATS batteries , and it is really cheaply made . Actually , I saw this exact same product without the Verilux logo being closed out at a major bookseller 's retail store for $ 1.99 !!
 The device is rather large , clumsy to attach to the top of a book , has to be put on and taken off over and over as you read , and does not provide adequate and uniform illumination on the page to which it is attached , nor on the opposite page . Attached to a laptop PC screen , it barely illuminates the keyboard . It 's not worth a dollar and is a real disappointment .
 I bought this large caulk gun to replace a home depot large caulk gun that failed . This model has the right design but they used cheap die cast parts in assembly and that is where the failure occurred . This caulk gun sold by American Marketing Inc , however it is made in China . Off to Berlands Tools to get a real caulk gun .
 3 months into using this item , the electrical system went . I had to open the unit to piecemeal it together . 6 months into using this item , the milled post on the magnifying lamp arm broke off . I have been fighting with the company to replace this arm , but to no avail . I will be returning the item and will not be ordering it again . The manufacturing of this product is very shoddy ! Beware !
 Didnt work the day i got it . I would not recommend this to any body . Not worth the money - why get something that doesnt work .
 This pen is terrible , do n't buy it . It broke before I could even test it ! Useless , save your money and do n't buy this !
 My son broke the pen the first day he had it . The felt point pushes back in too easily . It is a cute idea , but I am not sure I would buy it again .
 this is terrible after you write something on it a few days latter the ink shows on the paper and anybody can read it.i do not recommend it dont by it because it is cheap it is also terrible .
 I bought this to use for my wedding RSVP cards . I am not sure if it is the paper that they are printed on or just that the ink does not show up once it dries but either way it did not work . Once the ink dries it does not show up using the included light . Waste of my money : -LRB-
 DRILL BITS NEED TO BE SHARP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! These can be sharpen with a lot of work and then are an ok set of Forstner bits .
 First of all the bit set is made in China ... Wow , what a surprise !!! I thought it will be like Katana , Freud or MLCS -LRB- like it supposed to be -RRB- - made in USA at lease , but not in China.Secondly , the bits are NOT SHARP at all . They look like -LRB- actually they are -RRB- sharpened by hand file . The cutting edges have small splinters , a tiny spikes that tears and burns the wood in place of clear cut . I 'm disappointed ... The only good thing in this set is nice and solid wooden box that I 'm going to use for my router bits . I do n't recommend this set .
 I 'm a weekend woodworker and would classify myself just above the average woodworker . I bought this set looking to get a good set of Forstner bits that I can also use for later projects . I 'll be buying a higher-quality set for anything that requires real attention to detail ... The bits arrived on time , but after opening and inspecting them , they are not of a real high quality . There were obvious metal burrs that had not been filed/ground off . If you 've ever done any metal work , it looked like the rough tool right from the making before its sent off for sanding and polish to remove any rough edges . There was also a chip on the cutting edge of the vertical part of one bit . Looked like it had been chipped before they painted it . It should n't affect the tools function , but yet another blemish that shows this is n't a professional or real high quality set.Each of the bits also is a little on the dull side . Now , I was putting in a recessed hole in some MDF , which is kinda hard stuff , and the bits did an alright job of cutting through it , but it took a bit using a 1 '' bit . Feeling the cutting edge of the bits , they have more of a rough sharpened edge on them . You 'll need to sharpen each one for a good cut.Bottom line
 I read a few reviews before ordering these , and I felt I had been properly warned
 I have to agree with some of the other reviewers . These not not very well made . Most of the bits have nicks and/or burrs on them . You need to hand clean and sharpen these before you can use them . If you are looking for a range of bits for a one time use then this will be an affordable option . If you are looking for some bits that will be used regularly then you should rather buy high quality versions of the bits you need . Even the box is a throw away item . The lid did not align on my set and none of the bits fit in their proper places in the box .
 This set includes most of the bit sizes you will ever need and then some . The problem is , as others have mentioned , some of the bits are very dull . The first one I used was soooo dull it took 20 or so plunges to get through a 3/4 inch pine board . Smoke and burning wood were evident . Too bad , otherwise would have given 5 stars due to the great price and sizes included .
 All 16 of the pieces I got were rusted . Only one of them had the size printed on it -LRB- faintly -RRB- . The only way to tell the others apart is by the plastic cap on the end . Another reviewer mentioned that they were n't sharp . I did n't find that to be the case , mine were sharp but they still did n't remove chips at all . Had to back the bit out multiple times to clear the chips . I would expect them not to be the highest quality for 20 bucks but I did n't expect them to be this bad . To the sellers credit , they did give me a partial refund due to the rust . Still not a quality product at all.EDIT
 At first I liked the concept of Vikrell material on the Sterling tub . When I installed the first tub I noticed a very large crack on the top . Thinking it was probably a fluke I picked up another tub that same day . I carefully unpacked it and gingerly carried it to the bathroom . Between unpacking and the short trip on the first floor the tub had another crack in the same area as before . I rushed back to Lowes , got my money back and never will buy another tub made of Vikrell - junk !
 I bought this tub and surround at Lowe 's . when i opened the tub box I noticed that some of the feet were broken off . I returned it to lowe 's got another one took it home opened it and would n't you know the feet were broken also , I then took it back again and opened 7 more at the store , -LRB- All were sealed boxes -RRB- every single one was damaged in some way , from feet broken off to big cracks in the tub it self ... . Needless to say everything was returned and I am now looking for another tub!I would look at something else if I were you !!!!!
 I consider myself an averaged strength guy -LRB- 230lb -RRB- , but I made the wrench looks very weak . First used on a bolt on my car and it creates a ding on the open end of the wrench .
 I used these coveralls while tearing down old plaster . After working for a couple hours I took the coveralls off and found that the dust went right through . It filtered out some of the dust , but my old white tshirt was black with that old plaster dust , and the coveralls were just a little gray.It was advertised to `` protect clothing from paint , dust , and dirt '' . It may work better for paint ; I do n't know . But if you 're trying to keep dust off your clothes , I would not recommend this at all.Also , I 'm about 5 ft. 10in . and 180 pounds . The XL size is just a little too short in the inseam and narrow in the shoulders .
 This product is too thin material and poorly made for painting or any dusty work , will not protect clothing at all .
 My order was cancelled & $ refunded a few days after I placed it so the seller could raise the price of the product .
 I ordered the 31 '' x 19 '' sink and it was exactly what I wanted but it arrived with a shattered backsplash ! Packaging was terrible ! Arrived in original box - they never packaged it in another box with styrofoam or packing pillows . When I asked to receive another one , they said it would be too expensive to send . The damaged sink still sits on my front porch , 3 days later , waiting to be picked up by UPS ! First ever bad encounter ordering from Amazon site . I was able to contact Imperial Marble and found I could get this sink from a local hardware store - only a dollar more!Well , this is an edit . I am none to happy with this vendor ! That rotten , broken sink still sits on my front porch - after over a week ! First they told me to discard of it , which means I have to pay the transfer station for discarding two sinks ! I told them to have UPS pick it up and they said they would if I removed my feedback ! I should just be happy that I received a credit!I now have this sink and installed it today - it 's really nice ! If you want one , look up `` Do It Best '' hardware stores nearest you . Oh , one correction to my last posting
 I was sent 4 small smoked acrylic handles instead of the 2 large smoked acrylic handles I ordered . The cost of return delivery made it meaningless to send them back for credit
 I like the `` true '' light from these bulbs but they have a very short life - several months at most . I was disappoined at how they did not live up to the `` life '' advertized on the box . I would not recomment these GE bulbs .
 This product does n't work at all . We got it home , put 4 brand new AA batteries in it ... and an hour later , the batteries were completely drained and the lights would n't work and even the AC adapter would n't power the lights . Do n't waste your money or your time . It 's not even an attractive light source . To say that it sucks is even being a bit too kind I think . I 'm getting my money back .
 What you get is two heavy clamps and various metal bits and bobs just thrown into a box together . Two heavy pieces of pretty blue anodized aluminum rattling next to each other . All four that I received are covered in scrapes and deep gouges , the blue anodized coating torn back to bare aluminum in many places ... looks like they went through a war.Seriously , source them from somewhere other than Woodline and hope for better packaging.Also , no instructions . No idea what to do with all the crap that fell out loose from the bottom of the box .
 The first one I order was defective & Amazon replaced it . It will do the job it is designed for but Woodline could & should have done a better job with the scale . It is loosely placed in the slot so it will move & it appears to be reversed . I would much rather spend the additional $ 10 . & buy the compition from Rockler also available from Amazon . I was disappointed with Woodline 's subquality .
 We as a maintenance company have bought a lot of bosch pro tools , and this sander has destroyed my faith in bosch ! Im on my second GSS 140A with in 2 months and the front clip has broken again ! The second tool has less than 3 hours on it!Rather get the Makita equivilent .
 I 've owned and used Bosch tools for decades , and consider them to be top of the line for price/performance , with the emphasis on performance . However , the 1297DK Sheet Sander has shaken my faith . As others have noted , the SheetLoc front gripper simply ceases to do its job after just a few hours of sanding work.At first , the rubber gripping surface would dislodge , requiring a good deal of pulling and stretching to get it back into place on the metal holder . Perhaps that abuse of the rubber - although necessary - broke down its integrity in some way . But in any case , after a few more hours of sanding , stopping to reinstall the rubber , sanding , stopping ... etc. , the front gripper began losing its grip on the sandpaper . The failure is progressive , and now the sandpaper comes loose from the front gripper within just a few seconds of use . I suppose I 'll have to go to stick-on paper , but that 's very irritating since I paid for the SheetLoc system.I never thought I 'd say that Bosch has misengineered a tool , but that 's the case with the 1297DK . The concept is good , but the engineering is a failure . Bosch needs to redo the front gripper , or take the tool off the market.FC
 I have had three of these sanders . When they are new out of the box , they work great . However after several hours of use the front gripper looses it strength and will not hold the sheets of sandpaper in place.This problem is acute with fine grit papers and I frequently have the front edge of the paper come loose and start flopping around less than a minute after inserting a new sheet . The front edge will come loose even if you 're not sanding anything - just running the tools causes it to get loose and flop around.When this happened on my first sander I thought it might have been a manufacturing defect . However this has happened with all three of these that I have owned and it appears to be a design flaw.The rear gripper is great . It 's too bad that the whole tool is rendered useless by a poorly designed front gripper.I suppose I could try stick on paper ; but then what 's the point of the ` SheetLoc ??
 There is an obvious design flaw with this sander . The front sandpaper holding clamp does not apply even pressure across the clamp . One side holds the paper rock solid while the other side is somewhat weak . My machine lasted one week before the sandpaper started to come loose from the weak side . Once that happens then the paper flies off the front of the machine . I went to Lowes to check out their on display model and it too was designed the same . I wrote an e-mail to Bosch about the problem and never heard back from them.Otherwise , while it was working , I liked it . The ease of changing paper is the big plus for this machine .
 in less than 1 year the tool is useless . the paper slips out . the rubber gets soft and breaks into pieces -LRB- melts actually , they used cheap materials on that or because of the vibration -RRB- . I bought BOSCH because it looked nice and the locking mechanism seemed very easy . BUT in less than a year the holding rubber broke on both ends . and the paper slips out after few seconds.don ' t buy it or tested it out in you 30 day allowance . -LRB- 90 at HD -RRB- . . AND the filter does n't stay locked in place also . it is frustrating to use this tool . - believe me - I like Bosch tool because but this is trash . looks cool but ...
 I bought this sander just over a year ago , and I 'm very much regretting chosing this one over the Dewalt . Do n't get me wrong , I love Bosch tools , but this sander has a major fatal flaw.After a few days , the rubber pad split apart on the first one that I got.So , I returned it for a replacement . The rubber pad on the front clamp of this one wo n't stay in place . The vibration of the tool causes it to slip and the sandpaper falls out . I ca n't sand for 20 seconds without the paper slipping . I 'm severely disappointed in bosch . I had higher expectations of them .
 I stuffed this sander in a drawer shortly after I bought it because the front gripper failed to hold the securely . The concept is wonderful but in practice , it makes the tool frustrating to use . The sand paper falls off after less than a minute of sanding . Either that or the rubber gripper on the front clamp comes off.Recently , I 've started using it again . I spray the back of the sandpaper with 3M 77 adhesive before attaching it . Voila , it works . I like the sander but I can not believe they are still selling this tool given the faulty design .
 Let me make it clear up front , I am a huge fan of Bosch tools and own several , including a sliding miter , a job site table saw with a gravity base , hammer drills , a saber saw and a trim router . I am pleased with all of them and made that clear in my reviews I have written about Bosch equipment . But , then there is this little tool.Of course , for a sander to work , you , first , have to mount sandpaper on it . This tool allows that . You just should n't turn the sander on and expect it to hold the sandpaper . That breaks the deal on this sander , unless you want to cut the cord off -LRB- to get it out of the way -RRB- and use the sander as a paper weight.In addition to drum sanders , stationary and portable belt sanders , I have about five pad sanders . My `` collection '' includes about five sanders -LRB- Dewalt , Porter Cable , Bosch and Makita -RRB- . As you might guess from that , I use finish sanders a lot . Because of that , I quickly learn if a given sander is worth having around . Subsequently , I learned the Bosch sander is a waste of space , or an expensive paper weight.I bought this on sale . It did n't hold paper then , so I returned it . The new or repaired one held paper better , but only for a short while . Now it 's back paperweight status , or maybe I 'll think of someone I do n't like and give it to them.The problem appears to be with the single , push lever , which seems unable to exert sufficient force to hold the paper under the extreme vibration produced by this -LSB- or any -RSB- sander .
 Always though that bosh was a good brand of tools . I have many of them . -LRB- I am a professional cabinet maker -RRB- , but this tool is for an armature who uses a sander a few days a month , who considers changing paper to be a problem . yes the paper goes in easily , but , unfortunately , it comes out just as easily . with this sander you will be spending more time adjusting the paper than sanding . Also as the paper moves under the clamping bar it gradually sands off the plastic that holes the paper in place . making the problem worse and worse . BTW the replacement clamping bar costs $ 5.06 plus shipping . Repairing it is not worth it .
 This sander WILL fail to hold paper with in 3 to 5 months with medium use . Mine was not defective it is flawed in design . The sheetlock system is only slightly faster and not worth the trouble of failure . The horrible thing is if you want to just keep replacing the assembly you cant . Bosch discontinued it along with the bottom pad assembly . The guys that reviewed this thing well have only had it a short while . All the bad reviews have used it for a few months . Go with another brand with the basic sheet holding design , its proven.-Mark
 A great little sander if you had a downdraft table . The dust collection did not pull anything through to the bag . I attached a shop vac using the adapter -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- and same difference . Sanded one small cabinet door and this beast threw dust all over the place . The sandpaper `` punch '' is a real piece of crap .
 Throw me in with the crowd that had problems with the front grip failing . The little rubber piece on the front sand paper clamp comes off . This happened intermittently for a while , but I could always stretch it back on and for the most part , the sander was ok . Just a few minutes ago it failed for good . I put the grip back on , and it takes seconds to fly off again . When its not on , the sand paper is n't attached to the rotating plate and you have a useless piece of junk . I was in the middle of a project and got angry enough that I chucked it at the cement floor , and well ... its in sander heaven now.This is my second 1/4 sheet sander in 2 years . My first was a Ryobi that failed on one of the gripper bars , but that was the cheapest sander in the store . This failure is especially disappointing coming from Bosch and being the most expensive sander of this type . Does n't anyone make a good 1/4 sheet sander ?
 My sander stopped after 2 days , about 12 hrs of work . I sanded the paint off the plaster walls because some genius painted with latex over oil without the proper priming and the latex paint began to flake off . The sander worked well at first and it was very easy to change the sand paper . But then it just did not turn on after I replaced sand paper once again . This sander was made in Mexico . I read all Amazon reviews before choosing this sander and I have other Bosch power tools that seem to be reliable . I am very disappointed with the sander .
 My bosch sander lasted me about 9 months before the motor burned out . I did n't use it every day mostly weekends and it often sat for weeks at a time . I bought the vacuum attachment and strictly used this sander attached to a vac to sand sanding sealer . The hole punch was poor at best , I think a pencil eraser is more pointed than the puinches on the plasic plate . The paper changing system is pretty convenient , or better than others I have used . I did n't save my receipt when I bought it a lowes and Bosch did n't make any effort to help me out with getting a new sander even though they admitted that the sander still should be under warrenty because of the serial numbers . I like most Bosch tools and will continue to purchase them if the fit my needs , but I wou n't buy this sander again .
 I had great expectation for this sander but the included vacuum adapter was the RS007 for a 19mm hose , not the RS006 adapter for American sized hoses . The Bosch web site says the RS006 adapter is included but it 's not in the package . The I 'm not going to order the adapter -LRB- at extra cost -RRB- , so it 's going back .
 This item , which was Made in Malaysia at the time I bought it , is of poor quality . The SheetLoc holder in the front has rubber which started coming off only after placing a few pieces of sandpaper into it . I had to manually push the rubber back into place before I could load more paper . Then , after an hour and a half of use on a piece of flat panel wood , the foot that you attach the sandpaper too started to crumble apart , which made it impossible to attach new paper to the unit since this was the base you placed the paper upon . It looks like I 'd be better off manually sanding the wood then buying another poorly made sander from a foreign country .
 Have other Bosch tools that I am satisfied with -LRB- bought for occasional use - for heavier use I buy better tools -RRB- Have used this sander just a little -LRB- after the old Dewalter gave up the ghost -RRB- and it is quite possibly the absolutely worst 1/4 sheet orbital sander available : The paper clips do not hold the paper in place resulting in one end or the other coming completely off by applying just modest amount of pressure while sanding.It vibrates so badly and rattles around if there is just a slight uneven build-up of gunk on the paperThe dust collector is almost impossible to get to stay onBuy something that works !
 The saw arrived but before we could change the blade -LRB- it comes with a ripping blade -RRB- we had to figure out how to get out a tri wing -LRB- Y shaped -RRB- screw . We called service number on the booklet that came with saw and they did not know anything about it and in 3 days have not called us back . We ended up buying a special driver for it . It also was not assembled properly and had to be reassembled to make it work.The moter is very strong and good though and is the reason we have not sent it back .
 I 've had this sander for a few years now and it has never been that great . I got it because of a positive review in `` Fine Woodworking '' magazine but the paper flies off whenever I use it and it vibrates terribly . It was sent back to Bosch to have checked out but it just has never performed as promised even after I got it back .
 I -LRB- and more importantly , my son -RRB- really liked this wall decal . It was easy to apply and it looked great . If I had rated this product 2 days ago , it would have received 5 stars . However , we needed to do some rearranging in his room last night , which meant relocating this decal and several RoomMates dino decals to other walls . The RoomMates dinosaur decals came off very easily and were happy in their new locations . The Dino Egg decided it needed to put up a fight . I started peeling -LRB- very gently -RRB- from the top , when I noticed that the adhesive was staying on the wall and not the decal -LRB- which means I could n't relocate it -RRB- . About an inch later -LRB- the dino 's chin -RRB- , paint was coming off with the decal . Removing the sticker was a disaster . No matter how good it looks on the wall , it 's not worth the damage it causes upon removal .
 What a total waste , it never dries . The only thing good about it is that it washes off your hands easily . But it does not do the job . Do not waste your money !! I bought a cheaper brand and it worked perfectly . Would never recommend or buy again : -LRB-
 Got the plus one and it is junk as well . Looking for an alternative now . It does come off pretty easy so there 's that at least.PS
 The instructions on the product indicate to attach the straw to the nozzle but no straw is provided so it 's not usable .
 I have used this paste wax many times before and it should be a heavy paste like consistency . This time it came to me almost in a liquid . To my knowledge the only reason it liquifies is if it has been exposed to heat . I do n't think it was a problem with the product itself but rather how it had been stored prior to shipment or that it had been exposed to heat during shipment .
 Lenses are tinted not clear like in the current -LRB- 1.22.08 -RRB- picture . Fit well , and provide good dust protection otherwise .
 This mower cuts about half of the blades of grass it runs over . After three uses , the foam handle grips have begun to rip . If you want a great workout and do n't care about how the lawn looks , this is the mower for you . And really ... foam handle grips ? What were they thinking ?
 Id rate it higher except I cant seem to get it put together to even use
 i 've purchased freud blades before , tho mostly for my table and chop saws . they usually performed well for the price ... this blade was not very sharp , and has poor structural stability ... would not recommend .
 This product -LRB- and its same replacement product -RRB- did not contain all the parts as indicated in its product description . The on-off switch and power cord were never included in the package .
 Can I give this negative five stars ... This product just stopped working . I had it less than three months , mostly because it took about a month to ship . It worked fine at first , but as I just discovered today , it simply will not function . I had one battery that was dead , and it would n't charge , and two others ... now the light will not come on , and it will not charge my good batteries . What an extrememly disappointing product line . You get something , and find out it 's crap ... there is no other alternative for charging batteries except for these crappy charges . When you think tools , think DeWalt , think Makita ... know Skil is crap .
 This product is junk . My batteries did fit and it did charge them . . ONCE . . I did not leave it plugged in or damage it . After the first charging I unplugged it , put it back in its box and put it on a shelf . The next time I needed to charge the batteries I took it off the shelf , took it out of the box , inserted the battery , plugged it in and NOTHING . I tried several outlets and still nothing . I left the battery in and left it plugged in thinking maybe just the indicator light had failed . . still nothing . . the battery is still good , it is the charger that failed after only one use . I have not had a lot of luck with the Skil line of battery powered hand tools . I am thinking of just spending some extra money and upgrading to something like DeWalt . My brother has had a set for years with no problems . I have gone through way too many Skil products .
 This product wasnt exactly a perfect fit for my batteries and died in two days .
 I have two of these chargers . They both worked fine until one of my batteried went bad . The battery killed one charger , and before I figured out what was going on , I tried it on the other and killed that one too .
 First use of product it heated up and melted . Safety hazard . Did not charge battery . Returned next day . Positive is no hassle with return for refund .
 Ordered one charger , received it , plugged it in and it lasted about 5 minutes . Returned it and received a replacement . It lasted about 20 minutes before quitting . Was told by an employee of Lowe 's that they have had to order several chargers for one customer -LRB- they do n't sell this particular model -RRB- because they fail after a short time . Perhaps there needs to be better quality control because these chargers are not lasting .
 The first charger came in just a couple of days . However , it was defective and did not put out any voltage at all . Before I attached it to my battery I ran a measurement test to protect my battery . During this measurement I discovered that the charger was defective . I did notify -LSB- ... -RSB- and their customer service sent a replacement right away and I had it in a couple of days . The second item did indeed work and all is well .
 I generally agree with the following reviews from Porch , Fornaro , Alewine , and Howser . I ordered a replacement charger when the original one that came with my Skil drill died . The new one charged each of two batteries twice , then it died . The Skil 12 volt drill worked very nicely when the batteries had juice , but keeping them charged with this kind of equipment was a problem . I solved my problem by buying a Ryobi kit with four tools ! That still works -LRB- and charges -RRB- quite nicely . I wonder if Zabocca 's charger still works !
 More info needs to be promulgated about items for sale ... and/or better photos , so that proper decisions can be made on application of the item ... Rec 'd item and it was not correct for my application , but at $ 14 was not worth returning , to much hassle ... An accurate picture of the item showing what batteries it actually would accomodate would have prevented a mistake ...
 Bought these because i have a 4 story house and wanted the feature of the alarms being linked . Like the other reviews said , they are prone to false alarms . I would stay this all worked well for a year or two . But ever since then these things go off all the time . I have replaced so many batteries I can not even count . DO NOT BUY this system
 Bought 7 of these for my household ... quite an investment in technology . When I recieve them , I notice on the packaging that there is an end of life cycle alarm that sounds after 5 years due to code rules on the CO alarm portion.I 'm not spending that kind of money on a system that is worthless in 5 years . I asked the techs if you could just replace the out-of-life CO sensor and they said no . What a waste of a perfectly good product to have to throw it out . Returning all 7 of mine . Looks like the technology is n't quite there yet .
 What a inferior product it even feels cheap . I initially liked it because of the wireless interconnect and the co2 and smoke all rolled out into one . I purchased 3 of them and the first one was ok a little hard to set up . Then I opened up another and the speaker was faint and made a crackling sound as it was announcing . This is the most important part of a detector and I do n't feel safe with this defect . I returned them and bought the kidde smoke and co2 without interconnect .
 This smoke and carbon monoxide alarm CONSTANTLY has false alarms . I mean ALL THE TIME . This is why even careful people can die from CO poisoning or in home fires . Too many false alarms lead them to take the batteries out of these horrible things . These are relatively expensive items so you think you 're doing something good to protect your family , but in fact these are just terrible . First Alert should be ASHAMED .
 I installed two of these . In less than a year , both had failed . Amazon replaced the first one and it continues to function for now . The second failed too late to be returned . Failure mode
 Eats batteries for breakfast , false alarms more frequently as they age . Reports smoke when there is none . Good reviews are not worth trusting . Do n't buy !
 I am renting a house with a few of these things so I guess I 'm stuck with them.I have an Apple Mini as an entertainment server attached to my TV . I use the supplied Apple Remote to adjust the volume . Unfortunately adjusting the volume can also send the smoke detector into a `` test mode '' whereby it signals all manner of disasters loudly and unstoppably . It is also near my kitchen and goes off in response to various cooking odors.Hate these , would rather have nothing at all .
 These alerts were placed on the three floors of my home . They would not communicate with each other unless they were in line of sight - not much help if you want them on separate floors . Calling the `` help '' line got you on hold , listening to the same inane message every 12 seconds . The tech support person said if they worked in the same room , the problem was interference in the house ! Interference apparently means the floor between the devices , since they were practically on top of one another.I did get them to work by putting all three next to the staircase in my home . By then I had already drilled into the drywall to attach them.If you need communication between floors , keep looking . These do n't work.Don ' t expect any help from their tech support either .
 I bought 10 of these for my home , thinking I was `` doing the right thing '' and buying a complete , interconnected system.The first comment is that the instructions are incorrect on how to `` program '' them to announce which room has a problem . I figured it out on my own but the instructions are inaccurate.Second , and far more important , is that they randomly start beeping -LRB- not low battery beeps - but full , ear-piercing alarm beeps -RRB- . Last nigth was the third time this has happened since recently buying and installing them . In this case , like others , a group of them went off for about 10 seconds . It 's extremely disconcerting and I now have a very low level of confidence in this system . More than $ 600 later , I 'm really disappointed .
 How would you like to deal with 10 of these going off all through out your house at 12 am multiple times . Even after you call the company and they exchange -LRB- make you pay for the shipping of the replacements -RRB- these defective units . These go bad way to quickly , they just all of a sudden start having false alarms all the time . Think you can just hit the button and they will stop , think again as they dont . Tonight for the last time they all went off and woke my 16 month up who is sick anyway and not feeling well and scared the crap out of him . I slammed some down on the floor cause it would n't stop . I threw some out my front door of my house as those wouldn ; t stop , and some I threw outside on my patio out back as i could not get them to stop and I was fed up . When I bought these they were 75 a piece times 10 thats 750 dollars thrown out the window and completely waisted . If the system would allow me to give a negative 10 i would , these are that frustrating . Do n't worry you have about 2 years before the frustration starts .
 The batteries seem to be lasting about a year . But , most of the time , when I press the test button , only 2 out of the 3 units alarm.I called the maker and was told that during test mode , the OneLink signal is only sent once.But , during an actual CO or Smoke event , the RF OneLink signal will be sent repeatedly , ensuring all other units in the house pick up & repeat the voice message.Any alarm in the basement ca n't be heard upstairs in the bedrooms.So I HOPE the OneLink near my bed picks up the RF signal from the basement , if something ever goes wrong with the oil burner etc.Maybe the First Alert people will reprogram the Test mode to makethe communications link more robust during testing.Might instill more confidence in alarm reliability.Edit 12/14/2010 : Changed to one star today , after finding basement detector insensitive to wood smoke . See comment added today .
 After some difficulty in programming three of these they worked properly placed several feet from each other . However , they failed to talk to one another even in direct line of sight when they were more than 30 ' apart . And so they were useless when one unit was put in the basement and the other two located in upstairs second floor bedrooms . So a cautionary note to the buyer ; try them out at once and be prepared to return them promptly if they do n't communicate properly in your installation . I waited nearly three months to install them and now I may not be able to return them .
 These networked alarms are cool , and a great concept , but one of my three units recently began to beep for a battery replacement , and no batteries that I put in -LRB- brand new Duracells included -RRB- will satisfy it ; it keeps on beeping.I will try to contact the company for support -LRB- one year old -RRB- , and see what happens .
 I brought this and now regret it . This thing waking me up in the middle of the night every 6 weeks for batteries !!!
 I installed five of these in my 4100sf 1972-era house about three years ago , since there 's no way we 'd hear a regular smoke alarm going off at the other end of the house . The initial setup was very straightforward , but it 's never worked 100 % as advertised.The good : - voice/location feature is awesome - volume is good - slide battery tray makes replacement easy - battery life with lithium AAs is pretty goodThe bad : - we 've suffered through numerous false alarms from several different units - of course , always in the middle of the night to increase the anxiety factor ... - `` hush '' feature was n't working on the remote alarms , so while I could silence the source of a false alarm at 3am -LRB- made easier by the voice location , so at least I knew where to look -RRB- , the other four would continue to go off . The repeating units ' hush buttons did n't work either , so I actually had to go remove the batteries from all the other units in the house to get it to shut up . That 's not safe ... - Last night , one of the units just randomly reset itself and started talking like I 'd just replaced the batteries -LRB- with 3mo old lithiums -RRB- - and again about 3am . - I 've called First Alert 's support line a few times , and their only response was , `` sorry , out of warranty , would you like to buy some more ? '' Not too helpful , especially since we 've had these problems since the beginning . The last time I called , they suggested I clear and reassociate all the units -LRB- a procedure not documented in the instructions -RRB- . After trying that several times , the remote hush works now , but not all the units will repeat the alarm when I run a test . This does n't make me feel very safe , and has me looking around for alternatives . I 'm close to just saying `` screw it '' and wiring for hard-wired interconnected detectors ... In all , I 'm not terribly impressed . There are some great features on this alarm , but it just seems a little too flaky for something as important as a fire warning system .
 Wanted the features and was willing to pay the price . Bought 4 - they programmed and installed easily . Went to test and 2 activated all 4 and 2 only activated themselves . Reprogrammed with same results.Went to the website - no customer service number . FAQ instructions were not complete -LRB- printed instructions were 95 % government and lawyer inspired and 5 % useful but that is OK it was easy to install and configure . No customer service number ! How can that be?Since these are critical the immediate faults DO NOT inspire confidence I packed them all up and sent them back.THANKS SO MUCH AMAZON for the easy return policy . Hope you bill your costs back to First Alert.Will try the Kidde but bummed they do n't have a combo w/CO detection and wireless .
 Who would think that after shopping in the safety aisle and spending $ 500 + on a Carbon monoxide system that is supposed to help protect your home and add a measure of mental security would soon become one of the top ten worst decisions you ever made ???? For over three years I have seriously TRIED to LOVE these detectors . The main feature I do love is that they will vocalize through all of the units what room the fire / or carbon dioxide problem is located so that you are able to plan accordingly and act upon the information given . Everything else I hate about these detectors . They do n't tell you when the batteries are low , they just start going off and ALWAYS in the middle of the night . When one false alarms , they all false alarm . Our three year old is so petrified of them due to the frequent false alarms , that she did n't sleep in her bed for almost an entire year because they scared her so much . If they go off now , she wakes up for the next 2-3 days screaming in her sleep . Yeah , Nice ! Swapping out high quality batteries every 3 months has minimized the false alarms , but once the three month mark comes , I find myself becoming edgy at night . The last false alarm put me into a major panic attack as I heard the warning beep that the entire system was about to go off . I was in bed , AS USUAL , and raced down the stair nearly killing myself in order to prevent our daughter from waking . It 's worse than Chinese water torture !!! I 'm angered to think that I spend over $ 500 for these stupid things . I 'd have my home wired for them but it 's an older home with plaster walls ... not too possible . Ohh and if you happen to not have air conditioning and have to use fans or leave your windows open in the Summer , FORGET IT ! We had to use window air conditioners to prevent the dust from setting them off from the fans . I also have to regularly vacuum the vent to prevent dust particles form setting them off . Talk about a total nightmare ! I mean there are more things in life to tend to than smoke / carbon monoxide detectors ? Half the time one or two of the units are sitting out with the battery box pulled out because they 've false alarmed so much . I wonder really how safe my home is when half of them are sitting around the house with the battery compartment pulled out until I have time to vacuum out the vent or replace the batteries even though they should still be good . Anyway ... . you roll the dice with this system , believe me !
 I bought six of these and installed them throughout the entire house.These things go off spontaneously , usually at around 5am . Maybe it has to do with dropping temperature or something , as it is pretty consistent that they go off just before dawn.The worst part about this is that now the household just finds the alarm annoying , and nobody gets out of bed . The alarms that cried wolf.I 'm going to replace them all
 I purchased 4 of these about 6 months ago . Since then 2 have failed and required warranty replacement . Thankfully , First Alert 's replacement service was fair and fast . My other complaint is that the wireless performance of these units is poor in my house . Two of the units are separated by about 25 feet , and they constantly have problems `` talking '' to each other . First Alert 's recommendation is to buy another and place it in between these two . Yeah right , I 'm gon na buy another failure prone device that is n't cheap ...
 I 'm glad this tool comes with two XR batteries . I get to use the recip saw for a full 6 minutes when i use both batteries.I can drill 20 1/4 '' holes in wood before a battery change.Go to Milwalkee if you want a tool with decent batteries .
 I did not like this product for the use I had in mind . I wanted to line my kitchen utensil drawers with it . I found that after having measured out the exact size I needed and cut it , the ends were crumbly . I used a sharp knife , scissors and the cutting source did not seem to matter , the edges still crumbled . But rest assured it did not go to waste , someone bought the remaining amount in my garage sale !
 This product does not work . Requires weekly software resets to get it to stop
 i have yet to perform the tests but already i can tell the instructions are n't well written . i have read then a few times and they just are n't very clear . i will need to make some assumptions in order to test.also there is n't much attention to detail . for example , where i live the city tests for lead . but they ca n't test all the residential pipes and these pipes are the risk factor for your drinking water . pipe solder used to contain lead . if your pipes are old or of a certain type you may be at higher risk . obviously the lead needs time to leech from your pipes into the water . i was told the city will only do lead tests after the water sits in the pipes for 12 hours . there is nothing in the test kit to address this . my point is if you did have lead in your pipes and did the test after the water had run for a while it probably would n't show up.this is something that should be stated in the kit but is n't . however i am looking at this product as a starting point . i am also having the city test and i may do better tests down the line .
 I do n't even know where to start with how poor of a performer this table saw was . First of all , getting the blade 90 degrees to the table was nearly impossible . It shipped about 5 degrees out . To adjust the 90 degree stop you loosen a screw in the top ... well even loosened it seemed to have a memory , requires me to literally FORCE the blade over to as close to 90 degrees I could get it , then hopefully get the lock tighened down before it slipped . Then , trying to change to another angle -LRB- on purpose -RRB- was very difficult because of the force required to start the motor & blade assembly moving . Once you broke it free it would fly all the way over to the 45 degree angle -LRB- or at least you WISH it was 45 degrees -RRB- Getting anything inbetween required some kinda luck.So ok , on to cutting . The unit is so lightweight that trying to rip a 2x6 in half the saw just kept sliding across the floor when I would feed it into the blade . So I set the saw on some plywood to give it more grip , which worked , till it started tipping over on me . Not a very safe scenario here . Once I finally weighed it down so it would n't move the cuts were difficult to keep straight because the rip fence would left & right 1/4 '' on the far end . You have to be very careful not to end up with a tapered or otherwise defective cut.The miter guage is pretty much useless as there 's a lot of play in the slot and no kind of positive stops for 90 , 45 , or anything else you 'd want to cut.I do n't know what else to say , other than the cord wrap was nice and it has blade storage on the side . It was powerful enough to rip wet 2x pressure treated material , if you could get the saw set up to not tip over or slide on you .
 This saw is OK for someone who needs to do nothing other than simple straight rips . The power is adequate , and the saw is stable when mounted on a stand.However , my MAJOR complaint is that the miter slots on the table are not standard . This is a big problem because it is almost impossible to find miter guides and other accessories such as sliding miter tables , etc. that will work with this saw . To make matters worse , the miter guide that comes with the saw is a joke . It is not very accurate , and it is very short . This makes it impossible to deal with anything wider than about 8 '' on the table.I 'm going to replace this saw on this basis alone .
 I am a building contractor . This saw made it about about 2 yrs . on the site . Fence , motor , stand -- all junk . Smoke comes off the belt when attempting to cut oak , blade out of square with fence a lot . Would recommend dropping the money for a better one unless you plan to only cut pine or laminate flooring .
 Please keep in mind that I do know my way around a shop and the only reason I am writing this is to save someone from getting hurt ... The reason for needing a cheaper table saw , like most others , was to do some light work around the house . I 've owned this saw for a year and with it , I built a couple of box newels made from red oak , a shed ramp , shelves , etc. . Nothing too heavy as I did n't want to over-tax a seemingly lightweight saw . After purchase and getting it home , one of the first things I noticed was that the stand , after assembly was pretty sturdy . Looking initially at everything else , I was a bit impressed considering what I paid for this saw . Big mistake ... That good impression quickly went away during the first job using this machine . After a year of using it , I am done ! I 'm here now to tell anyone who will listen that it is not a safe machine to use ! Here are my experiences during the past year ... It did do simple cross cuts and ripping but it was never 100 % accurate inspite many attempts to `` properly '' adjust the motor/blade as per the manual 's instructions . Now , any work with the blade tilted at ANY angle became an issue . Just attempting to get the blade at a desired angle and locking it in at that angle was a major feat and if successful , is was purely by luck ! Afterwhile , I simply stopped using this saw for anything other than 90 degree cuts . Now for the fence
 A few days shy of two months and the battery 's dead.Several years after moving into my new house , the battery in the doorbell died . Bought this as a replacement the first week of November , and by Groundhog 's day it 's dead .
 Another one that I had to return because it could n't cover the distance from gate to house -LRB- 100 ' or so -RRB- . Otherwise , it seemed to work fine - But only for short distances -LRB- 25 ' or so -RRB- . JC
 Maybe these would work on other toilets but did not fit my toilets . I tried to install one and broke it . I did not return these just pitched them in the garbage . Just be sure it will work before you try to install it around the supply line . That is how I broke the one I got .
 I just threw this seat out . This seat slides back and forth on the toilet and has difficulty closing . It arrived without the deodorizer and the company was little help so I had to purchase that separately and although it lights up and makes a noise no sent is released . Do n't waste your money on this
 i bought this router to replace a craftsman `` all in one '' rotary tool that i paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- buck for and lasted me 7 years . this router vibrates so much you cant even control it . it was so bad i sent it back after using it twice . it is not worth $ -LSB- ... -RSB- dollars never mind $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , for that price i can get a nice trim router . i am a contractor and know good tools this is not one .
 I have to admit , I purchased this laminate trimmer because of the price . I own three other routers and this is the only laminate trimmer I own . I would not buy this trimmer again . It is not well built , the vibration is unacceptable , the quality of parts is low . I have used it five or six times with disappointing results . It spends all of it 's time in it 's case now waiting for the next yard sale !
 The plastic edge trimmer base is cheap junk.I ordered this router for all it 's acessories , does n't plunge cut , no stops , angled routing would probably be risky to your material , accurate setup a challenge , no detents for specific angles or markings for that matter.The base for circle cutting is wobbly and vibration would most likely make it come loose.I ordered one the first one came with a broken trimmer base as did it 's replacement and the third broke while using it for the first time ruining my project . Better off going to HF paying $ 25 for basically the same junk if you feel the need to throw money away .
 thought it was to be a plunge router , from the other review I read . It was not .
 I had this mower for 4 years , mowing about 1/2 acre every other week from April-October . I changed the oil every year , and kept the blades sharp . During the middle of the 2nd season , I started having problems with it . The last 2 years , I had to replace something every week . The spindles both broke -LRB- the casting cracked -RRB- , the blades had to be replaced very frequently , the pulley brake on one side broke , the cable to engage the blades broke , the deck support rod cotter pins broke and the rods bent . The seat would not stay in place ; I could crank down on the handle as tight as possible and it still slid when I went up or down hill . The mower finely died when the connecting rod shattered and completely destroyed the engine - everything but the intake was damaged . It was a good price , but you get what you pay for .
 This kit does not fit on my 3/8 '' ID hose . The outside part that slips over the hose has too small of a diameter to fit the 3/8 '' hose I am using . I suspect this will work only on single ply rubber hose . I am using a 2 ply , higher end , hose - and it will not fit over it . It is not even close . The product specifications need to include OD -LRB- outside diameter -RRB- hose information , not just ID -LRB- inside diameter -RRB- so that you can tell whether it will fit your hose before you order.If the description was accurate -LRB- which is not provided even on Stanley website -RRB- , I would give it 3 stars -LRB- it 's ok -RRB- because of price . Although it may work as advertised , a standard barb to NPT fitting runs about 70 cents . The price of ~ $ 10 for a product that 's not even universal is too high to warrant a better rating .
 Being completely unfamiliar with sump pumps I was on a journey complete with catching my seepage into the basement as I watched what was a bad float switch waiting for it to turn on before it hit the top . Duh ! Well once figuring out that it did n't work I thought it best to replace it with one of the same type - the tethered version.Well it seems my sump hole in the ground did n't have enough room to work properly as it would n't turn on until above the drain pipe into the hole - and when I manually got it running by lifting it up it did n't go low enough to turn the pump on . On or off - in my case did n't work . And except for possibly moving it up and down the discharge pipe there was little I could do to adjust it.So there I was going up and down the stairs a few times a day waiting for it to magically do what its intended purpose is . I gave up and bought the Little Giant &#34; float &#34; type . After but a few adjustments it works - turns on when I want it to and off when the minimal water level has been met .
 I had this thermostat in my home for 3 years . It mysteriously failed for 3 days last year -LRB- no AC -RRB- and then suddenly worked right before the AC repair man could arrive . It worked another year and experienced same issue but never regained consciousness . It would not keep the numerically selected setting . I could actually stand there and watch it climb or drop over 10 degrees in a matter of seconds , which in turn would immediately shut off either my heat or AC , whichever . Backup batteries were not related to this issue . Owners manual had no customer service hot line number for me to call -LRB- another nice touch , very professional -RRB- . It now adorns the local landfill . Try a Rite Temp touch-pad at half the price .
 What a joke ! This thermostat was installed by the furnace company who were installing a new multi-stage furnace . It eats batteries and when you go to replace them , you have to completely open the entire unit , where upon the batteries pop out into your face ! There is no backup retention of your programmed settings , so you have to reprogram this unit every time you replace the batteries , which is often . So I do n't even bother programming it any more , I just leave it on `` Hold '' to maintain my preset temp . I could spend $ 35 for a non-programmable unit and have the added advantage of not having to deal with the constant battery changes !!!
 I just completed a guest bath reno using the Kohler toilet -LRB- standard with chrome handle -RRB- for which this ORB handle was designed . It was exactly what I wanted in terms of color and finish but it did n't fit properly . I returned it to Amazon requesting an exchange for a new one on 18DEC12 and am still waiting for the new one to be delivered .
 Ordered these to use with the &#34; Stack-On DSR-22 Plastic Drawer Parts Storage Organizer Cabinet , Red . &#34; That cabinet was so small I did n't need any dividers . Kept them so that when I give the cabinet away someone else can use them .
 I received the twin pack of Fire Extinguishers and some of the material had leaked during shipment . Neither of them were fully pressurized , as in another user 's review . I 'm attempting to return this to Garage Toys , but no one ever answers their customer support number and no one has returned the serveral messages I 've left in the past week.I would recommend passing on this and picking it up in a local store due to the risk of damange during shipment and the difficulty working with the vendor on a return.UPDATE
 Both fire extinguishers were n't full of material and not fully pressurized . I am half-satisfied .
 I am a fan of the better named multitools . I love thie features , useability , and how they always come in handy . As such , I like to find deals so that I can keep extra ones in the car or toolbox etc. . I knew going in to this that for the price it was too good to be true . However , sometimes it can be ok to buy `` just good enough '' if you are n't expecting much and do n't plan on needing it a whole lot.First off , this is just worse of a tool than I orginally figured . I know that it says it is a mini tool , but when I received it , it was down right small , not very strong , and not useable . In short , I just do n't believe this is a good tool and even when onsale I believe it is better to go with a better name brand tool for five to ten dollars more and be happier in the long run .
 I used this pump to empty my hot tub last fall , November 2010 . Worked great . Hooked it up today , July 2011 , primed with oil as directed and nothing . Lots of noise but no water . Only worked once . Kinda of expensive for one use . Since I only use it twice a year , I am passed the warranty time limit and out of luck . Bummer . I wo n't buy another one .
 This works ok and emptied my crawl space . I 've run it for about 40 hours and the impleller has burnt out -LRB- you 'll smell it one day -RRB- . The impeller is rubber and when not lubricated as per instructions -LRB- I did not -RRB- there is enough friction before priming to cause heat and wear . I guess it was a matter of time . I will give this thing another chance with a new impeller and use vegetable oil to lube it before use -LRB- crazy I know -RRB- ! I think it will be ok once primed but until them it 's just rubber wearing against plastic . So lube it !
 This pump worked great . For about 45 minutes to an hour . After that , the impeller disintegrated . Repair kits are ridiculously difficult to find , and after shipping , cost nearly $ 30 .
 you have to have a bore drill that turns clockwise to use in most american drill presses . this is a left hand drill bit and only works in drills that you can reverse direction on .
 I needed something that did n't SLAM every time you raised/lowered the lid . It 's a little weird to sit on , but I was willing to get used to it . My husband hated it ! Fortunately , I was able to find inexpensive , `` no slam '' toilet lids at my local hardware store . We were n't interested in the padding , just cutting down on the noise . In conclusion , we 're not using this product anymore .
 Do n't bother buying this if you have a wedge already . Do n't bother buying this if you have a wedge already .
 The idea is to use a wedge when the going gets tough and this particular tool has proven to be totally USELESS in such a situation . Case in point - I was working a white oak that was dying and had already partially dried up . My splitting ax was not going into the logs and I was not getting anywhere splitting the logs . Using the wood splitting wedge made NO DIFFERENCE whatsoever . Hammering it in got it stuck and the logs would not crack . I even had a hard time removing the stuck wedge from the logs . What finally did the trick was a twisted wedge from Germany - a wedge that has a 90 degrees twist . There was still a lot of hammering involved but it reliably cracked the logs.Final word
 I bought this after reading very good reviews here on Amazon . To my disappointment , this thing is n't anything special . Does n't perform any better than a $ 10 splitter you can buy at home depot . Definitely over priced at $ 19 ...
 The end is blunt and impossible to anchor it in the wood . You do not see this from the picture . I should have returned it . Completely useless .
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 Recently , I had a flood in my basement and ran a propane heater for hours on end . Common sense would tell you that a huge quantity of combustion byproducts would be released . My new alarm just sat there happy as a clam . I am suspicious that it is not functioning properly .
 Bought this alarm in spring 2007 . Manufacture date printed on back says 2007 Feb 07 . Have had two sets of batteries in it in the time we owned it and recently it started beeping three `` chirps '' per minute . Checked the back and that means replace alarm ... already?Plugs into the wall , yet will not work without the batteries . Overall pretty disappointed . Previously used a NightHawk carbon monoxide detector . Nearly the same price and nice digital readout . Works off outlet . Unfortunately ca n't find that quality and price now that CO detectors are required by local code .
 My Lowe 's still carries Aspire 's full line . I bought 4 of these , two of which just simply did not work . What a pain . Do n't they test these things before packaging them ?? I took the two that did n't work back and do n't plan on buying another cooper product .
 This button does n't work !!!! It might ring one time in 10 !!! We even replaced the battery , but that did n't help !!!
 We needed a doorbell as my husband is with Hospice and deliveries need to be signed for . We are too far away from the door to hear anyone knocking . I researched this and it came with great recommendations ; however , from the outset it will only chime when it is good an ready which is mostly none of the time . Have to look for another model . This one is going back .
 The specifications say the door chime kit has a transmission range of 150 feet . We can get no more than 25 feet . This was only done after swapping out the transmitter and changing the battery . Poor product .
 Very disappointing Range and the Doorbell Factor service . When explaining the range was only 10-15 feet , the service provider said that was because of the wall / door blocking the receiver . When we said it was a doorbell and therfor needed to be outside the door , the service rep became unkind . The return policy when product is opened -LRB- needed to facilitate an effect trial of product -RRB- is the loss of 50 % OF THE PAYMENT PRICE PER COMPANY ! Very disappointed with the whole experience .
 This thing sounds like someone recorded a real doorbell with a bad tape recorder and embedded it in a cheap digital playback device . AWEFULIt does n't look bad but sounds so bad I must return it . Seller shipped promptly .
 Product looks great ... sounds great ... but if you have dense walls -LRB- mine are stone with mortar -RRB- , the wireless range is next to NOTHING ! I 'm very disappointed .
 Nice sound , easy to install but if you have a stone or stucco home beware ! The product 's range is diminished to about 15 feet max thru stone . Mine worked fine for front door when I moved the chime to 10 ft. What I do n't understand is the front door and frame are all wood , with no stone obstruction to chime and still the stone somehow absorbs the signal . The other front door is about 25 ft away and it would not work when up against the house ... . fine for holding it in the air , but not up against the house . Tech support suggested buying another chime , I suggest they are more upfront about the limitations . Next purchase will not be from Heath Zenith .
 The meter did not work . I returned the product per vendor return instructions -LRB- I had to pay to ship it back -- I 'm assuming that I will be reimbursed -RRB- . I was told that it could take up to two weeks for their processing . It has now been over two weeks since they received the product back , and I have not yet received a credit .
 we have other colors , two greens , a purple , etc. . . all work just fine . for whatever reason , this color does not stick . finding strips of it on the floor minutes after applying it . try the purple and green . they 've been removed several times and go right back on .
 I plugged it in and checked it out , later that day i tried to use it and it was broken ...
 It sounds good does n't it . Then you receive it and its obviously a rebadged a very cheap quality Chinese unit . I did a little looking and found other places selling it under a different name for under $ 20 . I feel scammed , I thought I would receive a quality unit .
 When I first bought it I was impressed , It got to the operating temperature very quickly and maintained the temperature . However after three months of very light use -LRB- 1/2 hour per week -RRB- the plastic nut that keeps the heating element in and attaches the tip to the body of the iron cracked . And sourcing a replacement seems to be difficult at best . In any case I wish I had spent the extra money for a Hakko or a Weller . I would not recommend this product .
 Had this soldering iron over two years now . Hate almost everything about it . It does n't seem to make temperature , ir thermometer sets it at about 50 degrees less than the digital read out shows . The iron itself is a two piece design which allows for the ceramic heating element to be changed . This would be a nice feature however , the nut that holds the two pieces together expands when it gets hot -LRB- its on an soldering iron -RRB- . When it expands it slips and the iron become crooked and unusable . You then have to wait for it to cool -LRB- or burn your fingers -RRB- and replace the nut , only to start the process over again.Do yourself a favor , spend the extra 20 dollars and just buy a weller . I regret my purchase .
 I ordered this product thinking it might be fairly good but . . uh . . not so much . Right out of the package , it felt cheap . Cheap , lightweight plastic . Ill-fitting parts . I tried to attach the soldering iron wire to the plug and it slid in fine , but the threaded ferrule to lock it in would not thread on to the base unit . The same threads are on the iron , holding the heating element and tips.When the iron fits into the base , but it is not held in a safe way . The tip touches the metal band that `` protects '' you from the hot tip while it is holstered . Well , what is going to happen if it heats that up for awhile ? That 's right , the holder will get to be 400 degrees or so . And there is cheap plastic on the spool , etc of the stand . Poorly designed.Everything about it feels cheap and poorly made . The packaging , the instructions , everything . Even the sponge is garbage . It is a flat , thin little piece of junk probably about 1/32 inch . How much could it be to have a decent sponge in there?Just so poorly made I do n't understand these 5 star reviews . Have they never bought tools before ? I guess not.So I sent it back and ordered the Hakko FX-888 : Hakko FX-888 Soldering StationFor about $ 25 more , it is a Waaayyyy better unit . The Iron feels well made , the base/power unit weighs about twice as much . The iron stand holds the iron well and has a high quality sponge and comes with a brass wire sponge . It is all nice quality stuff and works flawlessly . Heats up really quick and I have no doubt it will last for a long long time.Do yourself a favor and spend a few extra $ $ and get the Hakko or something else . They have good customer support as well . Spare parts are available if you need them.EDIT
 Do n't buy this unless you like to gamble . I purchased this item and did n't get around to trying it until just after the 30-day return period had expired . When I did open it up and put it together , surprise , I got an error message when I turned it on . I reviewed the manual and checked all connections , resoldered connections , etc. , all without success . I sent 3 emails to tech support before I received any response -LRB- over a 3 week period -RRB- . The response was to send digital copies of the same info that is in the owner 's manual . Guess what ? There 's no warranty on this product and so far it looks like there will be no way to return it unless I send it to China . This product has very good reviews , so I guess I 'm one of the few very unlucky ones . I 'll never buy another product from this company .
 Well - - THAT was a waste of time . It got GREAT reviews , so I bought one . Tried putting it together - and the Pencil Iron DOES NOT FIT into the Holder ! Not Even Close ! It 's supposed to slide into the angled holder so the tip wo n't touch anything - but the ribbed ferule is TOO BIG to fit into the hole ! So the thing just kind of flops around , which is NOT what you want it to do when the tip is at 800 degrees ! . This is an obvious Manufacturing Defect - OR - they changed the iron or the holder and put the pieces in the wrong box -LRB- what I received certainly does match the picture on Amazon though -RRB- . I will take a couple of photos showing the problem & post . . I did NOT even turn the thing on - so ca n't post a functional review . Back in the Box it goes - RMA has already been processed and labels printed . Just got ta LOVE Amazon for their pain-free return policy ! I would much rather have bought a properly designed soldering station !
 you may notice that some reviews say the iron does n't seat properly , and some that say it does seat properly . well i can honestly tell you that the one i received DID NOT seat properly . I tried everything and read all the reviews and look at all of the pictures . this thing is poorly designed , and if i were to keep this thing , it would have been dangerous as just brushing the wire ever so slightly could have cause it to fall out of the holster . like i said , maybe they are n't all like this , but the one that i received was definitely not usable .
 I had to RMA the station before I even turned it on because the soldering iron did n't fit in the holder . I do n't know whether they 'd changed the iron or put the rong holder with it but the bulge on the iron was clearly meant to mate with the opening in the holder and it did n't leaving the iron flopping around loosely .
 Plugged it in , display flashed some random Klingon symbols.Iron climbed to max temp and no amount of resetting/adjusting changes it.That said , it does indeed heat up quickly , and is still at least as useful as a equally priced Radio Shack model.Honestly expected nothing more from a Onehung Lo Brand Iron ...
 My wife got me one of these for Christmas this past year . I am an adult EET student and needed a soldering station and since it got good reviews we went with this one . I only got to use it twice and when I tried to use it last I found now it is broken . Regardless of how many times I reset it or turn it off and on I just get a blinking error on the display . Customer service is non-existent . Now that I have it had it for 10 months I can not even return it to Amazon.Buy with caution because you may get a lemon like I did ...
 This is an amended review . I first used the tool outdoors in 40-50 degree days and found it close to dripless . At warmer temperatures and with the caulk more liquid , the gun is no more dripless than any other that I have used . The gun has some nice frills -- it is easier to clean than cheaper tools , it has a more convenient/useful cutter and puncture pin , etc. , but labeling it as dripless is pure bunk .
 I bought this because I detest how the silicon caulks drip out even after I release the trigger . From other reviews , it seems that this wo n't happen , unfortunately it 's no difference . Would I spend this much money on this gun if I know this ? Never .
 This caulk gun drips like any other caulk gun . It dripped worse than my old caulk gun . So I finally just threw it out . There is nothing special about this model to prevent it from dripping . It appears to be designed the same as any other caulk gun . Maybe the new model 3000 is better , but I 'm not going to risk buying it .
 I have been using various Pur faucet filters through at least 5 units now . Originally the plastic rotate units , then 2 stainless in a row as I moved each time I 'd just buy a new one leave the old behind . They are great ... EXCEPT that the case tends to crack nearest the faucet hookup . This is particularly quick to happen on the units that rotate . But it has also happened to me with the stainless steel unit just happened to me on a SECOND stainless now.ALSO the screw-on cap in front is a PAIN to remove . It 's round and smooth and hard to find any grip on it when it 's screwed in tight . They really should put a couple of flat edges to give your fingers somewhere to grab . Installing is difficult as well getting that last bit of turn-down to get it flush.I keep coming back to Pur though even with these defects they are a great value .
 Like other reviewers , I have been a Pur filter user for years , but lately the units have n't been lasting more than a few months at a time . I stuck with Pur because of a lack of other options out there similar to Pur . Lately , the units crack or leak or both -- definitely not worth the cost . I tried this new design , and so far I 'm pleased . It has a cheaper look , though -- the ` brushed chrome ' in no way matches my faucet like an old model did . I was alarmed at first with the cheap construction , but the easy installation and quick release has me sold . If the unit breaks within a few months , I 'll write back about Pur and then buy a different brand . So far , so good.UPDATE
 This is my third Pur Ultimate faucet filter . All three leak at the faucet connection after about 6 months of use - unacceptible . I had them installed by different plumbers , so it 's not an installation error . Guess I 'll go back to the filter-pitcher , because at $ 60 for this filter , they ca n't figure out how to make them last .
 For those of you looking for a device to use those filters you still have left over and have a cracked or broken filter holder on your sink . The filter pictured here is NOT the one that will be sent to you . They will send the one with the plactic adapters that pop right off most faucets . The one pictured has metal threads and works great -LRB- for years in fact -RRB- but is not the one sent . You can find the one pictured if you look diligently , but this company is selling the same ones sold at CostCo and Walmart . -LRB- plastic threads -RRB- ... if it will work for you ... fine , but be informed . Also , I am still waiting for a refund but they do communicate .
 PUR used to be an excellent product that lasted well over 5 years . Now they leak often before a year . They do have a replacement policy if yours messes up within the warrenty period but then you have to contact them and go out and always buy the Faucet Mount unit . After 15 years of using PUR filters I will now go to Brita and try them out once I use up my filters .
 I have gone through 3 Pur water filters over the past two years . I will not buy their products any longer . All their faucet filters seem to be prone to leaks within a few months of usage . This product in particular is coated with a chrome colored film that chips away and looks bad , even if the seals were to hold out for more than a few months . If these filters had any longevity they would be great , they are good while they last . But they do n't last long enough to be worth the money . I 'm going to research the market and make a purchase based upon the units longevity , even if the filters are n't available locally it will be worth it to get them on line rather than replacing the hole filtration unit every 4 to 8 months .
 At first I loved this filter and recommended this to friends , but now since I 've had it for over 3 years , the front part -LRB- which is NOT stainless steel , but metal film of some sort OVER plastic -RRB- is peeling off and that part CUT my finger to the point of bleeding and bandaging . I even tried peeling off most of the metal part back so that it would n't cross my hand again and to save me from buying a new one , and somehow a piece still cut my finger again!I plan on writing the company and complaining about this . I doubt I 'll buy another one . Plus , the water does n't really taste as good as even the cheapest brand of bottled waters . But , that is just my taste preference .
 Quite a few videos show this problem filter . The seal breaks quickly -LRB- for me after 2 filters -RRB- and it sprays water in all directions.I would highly discourage buying .
 I have bought Pur faucet filters for years . However , for the past couple of years , the quality has plummeted . I have finally decided to never purchase these filters again.The last one I bought keeps falling off the faucet . After several such incidents , I have had enough . I am buying an under-sink filter .
 At first I thought the new snap on filter design was slick , but having been sprayed 3 or 4 times attempting to get the adapter to stay on - I see that it really is just a cheap piece of plastic that is not designed to last . Use your $ 40 to buy something else !
 This is nothing like the photo -- just cheap plastic that will not match if you have a brushed stainless faucet . I gave it away and will look for a better brand since PUR no longer builds anything like its FM-9100 .
 Ive had this thing for over a year now , first it leaked around the seals and now its actually leaking out the sides of the front area where it says PUR and has the indicator lights . Also VERY annoying to change the filter.good water but will definitely not buying this model again . get another one this one sucks !
 Just like everyone else has said , the old Pur filters were great . Unfortunately , when I moved from TN to FL I left my old one and had to buy a new unit . I purchased one for my mom at the same time . They are both squirting water in different directions all over our kitchens and it 's been less than 9 months . These are NOT the same filtration units that used to be made by Pur ... these are junk . Not sure what I 'm going to do now . Maybe see how awful tap water really is without filtration ?
 They sent me a cheaper plastic one . Although the did credit me the difference in money . The one the sent me was n't what I ordered , but since I really needed it I decided to keep it and buy the original one in the future TO SOMEONE ELSE!The should n't advertise this product with the photo they put up on Amazon.com , because if they do n't have the product , they should n't send you a cheaper version hoping that the customer does n't notice , as they look a bit alike . Not a good strategy to make long term customers !
 This product was totally misrepresented . It is bright brass . When you call the company nobady speaks english . Would not recomend
 I am very disppointed with this sink mat . It is far too small for the price they charged . I seen bigger better made mats at the dollar store , wish I would have gotten one from there instead . I thought it would be better quality being its rubbermaid , I was wrong . If I send it back it will cost almost the same amount in shipping so I 'm stuck with it .
 Lasts about a year then fails . I had two units and they both quit working before the bulb even went bad .
 Every time it rains on my Christmas lights the GFI in my garage trips , and my FIOS internet and T.V. go out . I thought I could plug my lights into this , so only the lights go out . It did not work for me .
 I purchased this sprinkler as a gift . I recently learned that while the water distance was great , it only worked for 2 , I repeat , 2 uses ! I am very unhappy with the fact that I wasted my money on this product ...
 This knife does not come as a `` clam-pack '' . Buyers beware . I placed an order and it come in a box . They even had the nerve to cross out the word clam pack and hand write not above it when they sent it to me . Now I get ahold of some person who will not work with me in customer service . Make sure you look into shipping and handling too . Seems like the more I payed for shipping and handling the longer it took to get to me .
 The hoist was misrepresented as a 15 ' lift when they only sent a 10 ` It is still listed on the page as a 15 ' , they did very little to compensate me for all of the time and trouble that this mistake on their part cause me / Buyer beware I checked the Jet number and it was what I wanted they just sent the wrong item , they do n't even stock a 15 ' jet hoist
 It 's not a `` palm blaze '' by palm . It has a cheap imitation bulb which shines brightly buy will not last . The switch is very sensitive and will switch on when touched by just about anything . A photo of a real palm blaze is at
 I purchased 8 water filters . The shipping was VERY Slow . The packaging was poor - filters were just bouncing around inside a big box . Price was good . Will buy from here again if they can improve shipping .
 i purchased this thermostat and have had many issues with my air conditioning . i had to call a technician and spend my money to help troubleshoot the manufacturing defects in the unit that was shipped . i have to give credit to amazon customer service , they shipped me a replacement unit asap . but the issue is now my air conditioning will not shut off . the compressor runs all day long even after the temp has been achieved . i think honeywell goofed up on this unit . i had to go back to my non-programmable unit just to keep the house cool/warm without blowing up my hvac system .
 We inherited this thermostat in our new house . We previously had one of the 7d programmable Honeywells . This one is a huge step down . The temperature swings drastically past the setpoint , both up and down . It 's difficult to program . You have to pop the cover plate off to make any adjustments other than a quick up/down . We also miss the target feature where it learns the time your house takes to get to the setpoint and compensates.This one will get banished to the garage shortly and we 'll be investing in one of the better Honeywells . I 'd suggest that you skip this one and either save your money on a basic model or spend a little more on the better units , especially if you value maintaining a constant temperature .
 I 'd give it zero stars if I could . It 's IMPOSSIBLE to program . Maybe it 's just the particular unit that I purchased but I 've never had a more difficult time programming a device . The directions stink . Changing the batteries is another battle I could do without - they do n't want to stay in the unit and I use tape to hold them in , and I have to change them often . Had a Lux 500 which you could program blindfolded -LRB- almost -RRB- . The only reason I bought this is because that 's all they carried at the local hardware store and I needed an emergency replacement for the Lux . The next one I purchase will be a Lux .
 I installed this unit around 8 : pm Friday night by 11 : pm Saturday the heat would not turn off automatically . The setpoint is set at 72 degrees . The heating unit was still running after the room temp hit 80 degrees . The unit was given to me after a friends installer said it was not a good unit . I should have taken that advice .
 The cover must be removed to access any of the programming buttons , including manual functions . The cover fit so tight I was afraid that I would pull it off the wall . I had to file off half of the bottom tabs to prevent this.The thermostat is located very close to the heater and would be very difficult to move so it has to be set higher than the required temperature . This is expected , however on cold days , below 40 degrees it is necessary to turn it up for a while to bring the rest of the house to temperature . If I use the outside buttons when in the program mode then it stays at that setting for 2 hours , which is to long . After the house comes to temperature the thermostat has to be turned down , which adds another 2 hours to the temporary setting . When a different programmed time is reached -LRB- i.e. bedtime where the thermostat is set 12 degrees lower -RRB- the thermostat remains at the temporary setting and does not switch to the new programmed setting . Therefore I ca n't use the outside buttons but must remove the cover and use the manual mode .
 Not very happy with this product . It would turn on for about a minute and then turn off . I do n't think cycling the furnace on and off every 10 minutes is good for the furnace . I ended up putting my Honeywell T86 thermostat back on until I find one that works .
 Simple install although I 'm using it for heat only on a gas fired boiler which is the easiest install.Programming is not intuitive , but not as hard as some reviewers make it out to be . It 's right up there with setting/programming a cheap digital watch . But it COULD be so much simpler.Numbers are easy to read and overriding program is as easy as hitting up or down on the temp.The BAD thing that really brought down my rating is that the temp readout , of what temp the room is ... sucks . It `` sticks '' at a number most of the time , it 's weird . You 'd think a quality thermometer would be used in a digital thermostat ! I checked it 's readout against several other thermometers which all read consistent . This unit reads anywhere from 2 to 8 degrees out of whack . It could say the room is 70 when it 's really 63 . Pop/reinstall the batteries and it magically says 63 ... until it hits 70 again , then the 70 readout remains even after room cools down . UGH , and since it 's inconsistent I cant just set it low to compensate.Gotta find another one .
 Just installed this to replace a Lux unit that failed . Installation is pretty easy but it will not turn on my furnace . It will only turn on the blower motor in manual mode . I keep getting put on hold with Honeywell or get disconnected with a message that they are too busy . I plan to return this to Home Depot . I also did a quick search online and the failure mode I have seems to be pretty common with this Honeywell thermostat model judging from the online postings .
 I picked up this 5/2 Honeywell thermostat because it was about $ 10 cheaper than a White Rogers version -LRB- that I had at my old house and liked -RRB- . I figured , what could be so different ? Well , a lot .1 -RRB- the cover is not hinged , so for ` fiddlers ' who like to change settings , it 's a total pain to pop it open and get inside to adjust programs . You are able to adjust temperature temporarily without opening the Honeywell cover , but it eventually reverts to the program . .2 -RRB- no backlight3 -RRB- battery consumption , for some reason , is really high . My first set of fresh duracell AA 's went out after 6 months4 -RRB- non-intuitive displayI could provide a lot more detail but the bottom line is if you 're the type of person who is constantly checking your thermostat and likes to adjust programs frequently , look elsewhere . I do n't know the model number but there 's a 5/2 White Rogers with a swing down cover that works great - spend the extra $ 10 on that one .
 3 out of 7 of these failed in 3 years or less.the logic malfunctioned in various ways and the units would not control as designed.when they did work they worked well .
 I found the instructions confusing at the most key part , ie , where to insert the wires , and where the J-switch goes . The screen does n't light up which is a pain when trying to check temperature or change settings at night . You have to take the cover off to change settings , the cover does n't flip . The screws were difficult to access with a standard Phillips head , down in narrow channels . You have to toggle between one display to see actual temperature vs set temperature , instead of being able to see both at once . I 'm frustrated enough that I 'm going to switch to a Lux model which I 'd installed before and loved .
 This thing was a piece of junk from day one . Getting the front plate to snap on is a pain . It took me 20 minutes of fiddling with it to finally get it to latch right.It never kept our house at a constant temperature . If we set it at 68 , it read anywhere from 67-71 . If it was reading 70 when it was set at 68 , the heat would still go on.Last week the heat was n't kicking on at all so I replaced the batteries with brand new ones . It took a half hour for the heat to finally go on . We do n't use discount/cheap batteries here , we always use name brand . So it 's not cheap batteries that 's the problem.Today , the heat was n't working again and I went down to check the pilot light on the furnace . That was fine so I replaced the batteries again and the heat went on immediately . Long story short ? This thing is a piece of junk that eats through batteries like no tomorrow . When I told my uncle , who is a seasoned Mr. Fix It , that I just replaced the batteries last week , he told me that it 's probably eating through the batteries so fast because something on the board is shot . So we paid $ 30 for something that lasted less than a year . Needless to say , when my husband comes home from work today we will be taking a trip to the hardware store to buy a new thermostat that IS N'T a Honeywell.DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT !!!! Spend an extra $ 20 and get a better quality thermostat from a different company .
 ... And I 've purchased and installed several in various homes/apts . Installation was n't any better or worse than others , but this one ... I could n't even get access to the controls without pulling out my toolbox ! ARGH !!!! As for doing its job ... It was fine for AC , but now that I need the central heating to work , this thermostat is n't !
 I was very pleased with the ease of installation and operation . After the first winter , the batteries started to go dead . It was next to impossible to pull them out . I had to use a screwdriver to pry them out . -LRB- there are small plastic bars that hold them in -RRB- After doing so , the metal contacts became loose , and twice the device lost power while in the ` on ' mode . We came home to a house in the mid-80 's both times , costing us about 8 times the price of this device in heating bills.The operations engineer did a great job . The design engineer did not .
 Does not trigger the heater or air-conditioner at the set temperatures . Is n't this the most basic functionality for a thermostat ? The temperature sensor seems to work OK and displays the correct temperature , but the control logic fails to turn on the HVAC system 1-2 % of the time ... very disappointing product from a reputable company . Into the trash it goes , as soon as I receive a different thermostat from Amazon
 First off I must say it 's sad to see how many negative reviews are out of laziness and lack of attention . There is a backlight , you just hit a button and VOILA ... light . Than you proceed to do what you want . It even tells you this in the directions . Also , the plate that pops off is not a big deal , there are no tools required to get it off . Place thumb on bottom and pull with your two fingers on top and it pops right off.Now on to my review . I bought this unit to replace a mid '90s programmable one that was in the home when we bought it . Instillation was a little tricky because I had wires that were n't listed on the installation instructions . Finally got it installed and cranked it on . Set it to 76 and let it run . Well it kicked off and I thought to myself ... this is n't 76 , this is closer to 80 . Went and looked and sure enough it said it was 75 , but I know it was n't . Needless to say it is about 4 - 5 off . Also , after some experimenting there is no difference between 72 and 65 . This thing just flat out does n't cool the house . It also runs more than the original unit . We have had our system checked and the system is running fine . This thermostat just dose n't cut it.The programming does n't work . It always reverts back to the default settings which are awful for Southern summers . I would suggest spending some extra coin and getting a better one than this . We have had this thing for about a month now . Had I not thrown the original away I would go back to it .
 First of all I have had this unit for over a year . The product worked really well when I was able to get it to work . The main issue for me has been that the unit burns through batteries . I 've also had zero luck using rechargeable batteries with the unit as they do n't hold enough charge -LRB- i.e. the low battery indicator comes on immediately after putting in freshly recharged batteries , not to mention it wo n't turn on heat or cold modes -RRB- . I even made the mistake of having a technician come to the house to check the heater because the thermostat would not turn on the heating unit . Apparently the batteries were low enough that the thermostat could not turn the heating unit on . -LRB- side note
 Easy installation and worked well - until it failed . From reading other reviews this seems to be a common problem . Another case of a cheap Chinese product branded by an established US manufacturer .
 I ordered this to replace a manual thermostat . What should have been a simple install turned into a very cold overnight ordeal . Instructions included are very weak and do not include crucial diagrams . After 3 calls to the Honeywell help line , I was informed I had a defective unit and needed to return it . A trip to HD proved helpful . I got an upgraded unit -LRB- also Honeywell -RRB- with backlight for $ 24.99 . In addition , the setup and instructions were much more user friendly . I would NOT recommend this particular model .
 Compared to their old model CT3200 , the new model RTH230B does not have anything better.For CT3200 , a pair of batteries can last more than 2 years , while for RTH 230B I have to replace the battery pair at least twice a year.Time / Temperature setting in CT3200 is much easier and more user-friendly . Furnace filter replacement signal is useless.RTH 230B is more fragile than CT3200 . During a year you will need to remove the unit cover and batteries cover many times to make changes in day/time/temperature setting or replace batteries . Doing so will potentially cause damages to the unit . On the other hand , for CT3200 , I only need to flip the covers to make changes.It is more difficult to wire RTH 230B than to wire CT3200 . There are small pins in the wiring slots , which are easily broken . I wired and rewired RTH 230B only once , and one pin became broken . Consequently , I had to come up a remedy to make sure the wire has a solid contact in the slot.In summary , RTH 230B is purely a cost-saving product for manufacturing , and it does not provide any added value to home owners . I will definitely not buy this product again .
 I did n't buy this on Amazon , I will say that much , though the reviews seem to indicate that the issues I 'm having are fairly common . So let me start by saying that I 've been using this thermostat for 4 years ... Let me change that , I 've been suffering with this thermostat for 4 years . I have 3 key issues and there certainly are more , but these are the biggies and the reason I say , DONT BUY THIS ! 1 . Battery Life - We tested how fast this can drain a battery , with a set of lithium and alkaline batteries and a battery tester . The lithium energizer batteries lasted an entirety of 4 hours before the ` low battery ' indicator came on and the tester showed that the battery was nearly dead already . For whatever reason , this thermostat will suck the life out of batteries , just up until they die and then sips charge from them just enough to keep the thermostat on . The alkaline lasted an entire 18mins before we started having issues .2 . Inaccurate Temperatures - What 's the one thing you expect a thermostat to get right ? The temperature right ? It 's the only reason we even have them ! This , like stated in other reviews , will stick on a number , usually around 70 or 72 and with the battery issues , it 'll also reset it 's programming randomly -LRB- the programming takes nearly 5mins to do in and of itself -RRB- which will then reset it to the horrendous default of 70 degrees . After the battery hits its ` low ' , then temperature gauges are thrown drastically out of whack , causing this to turns air on and off and leads me to my next problem .3 . Heat or Air Wo n't Turn On - We 've had our furnace and central air checked several times , they are in pristine condition , we 've had a few people and techs come in and try reinstalling the thermostat , we 've gone through 3 units and none of them got it right . One winter , we went 3 days without heat until magically the unit finally told the furnace to light . It was turning on the fan , but it was n't interfacing with the furnace what-so-ever . We finally had a friend bring over another thermostat which worked a charm for that week of us freezing but sadly we had to reinstall this unit after that.Why did n't we replace it before now ? We simply did n't have the cash to do so ... But take some insight from my 4 years of suffering , do n't buy this garbage . You will regret it .
 My first complaint is that it only lasted about 4 years . Then it started to get flaky , even with totally fresh batteries . I think the problem was probably some kind of loose connection . For a while it would only turn the thermostat on if you pressed down on the case where the batteries are . Then that stopped working . I spent a while seeing if I could find the source of the problem , but eventually I gave up and ordered a different model that comes with a 5 year warranty . I know some people will probably say that I should be happy with a 4 year lifespan , but I completely disagree with that throwaway mentality . Other than the controls , a digital thermostat has zero moving parts , and it ought to be able to last for many years . Anything less than a decade is imho unacceptable.Even when it was working , though , I have a few complaints . Having to take off the cover to do something like change the program is a bit of a pain , esp . considering that the cover does n't come off as easily as you might hope . Getting out the batteries is also a pain . -LRB- Wondering if I damaged the battery connection by having to force them out some time ... -RRB- But my biggest complaint is that when you change the temperature to a value other than the programmed set point -LRB- e.g. a temporary override -RRB- , it does * not * last until the time of the next program change . I think it lasts for just 2 hours -LRB- I may be wrong on the exact amount -RRB- . So forget about for example normally having the heater on during the day on the weekend , but lowering the temperature when you leave the house for the day . I ended up a lot more using this as a manual thermostat , but not even via temperature control -- if I left the house for the day on the weekend , I would just turn it to `` off '' . Not that big of a deal in a place with a moderate climate -LRB- SF area -RRB- , but this would be totally useless in a place with truly cold winters .
 Honeywell RTH230B 5-2 Day Programmable ThermostatHI Bought Honeyswells thermostat RTH230B . It was a replacement to my older Majic Stat from 1998 . All I can say is WOW . Quaility really plumeted . Majic stat is Made in USA -LRB- and twice the size and weight -RRB- . RTH 230 B in CHINA . Driving a unit as a oil fired burner should have a better unit with more quality control . Unit would only work in Manual mode . Several customer service calls -LRB- From India -RRB- made me feel like I was trouble shooting a high tech lap top . They refused to replace bad unit and only offered hours of trouble shooting advice . Unit will most likely be trashed and replaced with another brand . I am really disapointed with Honeywells Spiral Downhill turn and total lack of customer support .
 I 've had this thermostat for about three years and now I 'm shopping to replace it . We have never used any of the advanced features but only for on/off heating and cooling to a certain fixed temp . It worked decently the first two years , even though the batteries were sucked dry many times -LRB- and a real pain to replace -RRB- . This last year the temps were inconsistent and now it 's reading ambient temps way too high . Lame . No more honeywells , I guess .
 I bought this thermostat because of the Honeywell reputation and it was featured at Lowes where I made the purchase . I originally thought the flexibility of the functions would also be helpful . I could n't be more wrong !! This thermostat really SUCKS ! It 's difficult to program and the instructions are not intuitive . The cover to access the programs is very difficult to remove and requires a tool to do so . It was truly a waste of money , and I have decided to throw it out and purchase something better ... do n't waste your money or time with this product !!
 I am very upset at this product . I received the product with a huge burn hole in it . The burn hole is right above the heat off and cool switch . I will update about sending the product back to see if they will send a new one .
 Product detail did not indicate the thermostat would not work with a heat pump . Had to return .
 Programmable Thermostats are one of the most arcane , poorly designed and communicated devices right up there with the ol VCR -LRB- remember those ? -RRB- . Fortunately that is finally changing -LRB- see the NEST -RRB- . Cant wait to replace this dinosaur !
 We have 9 of these in our house and have had to replace almost all of them in the seven years we 've been here , some of them more than once . These are supposed to be top of the line smoke detectors but I do n't know why . They break easily and do n't seem worth the extra money . Now when they go off , we assume its not a fire since they have gone off so often because they are broken - what kind of lesson is that . If they ever do detect a real fire , I hope we do n't assume they are broken ! It 's also hard to find replacements for them . Do n't buy these !
 Spoke to Tech Support . There is no Hush Button on this Photoelectric model -LRB- and the Test Button does not act in this regard either -RRB- . Go with the BRK / First Alert , Model 7010B , which has the Silence Feature -LRB- for up to 15 minutes -RRB- . Options I was looking for : Photoelectric - This is better than Ionization , in my case , where the alarm is just outside of a bathroom - where steam can set it off -LRB- I 'm replacing an AC only , Ionization . Photoelectric is less sensitive to steam -RRB- . Disposing of Photoelectric detectors after 10 years is also more environmentally friendly . They do not contain americium-241 , which is under the positive plate of the Ionization chamber.AC powered with 9V battery backup - The most desirable to haveHush Button - The 9V battery backup will keep the alarm going , even if you cut power at the circuit breaker box - Need to be able to silence a false alarm , without having to remove the battery .
 * Edited * Dunk this device into water and a number will appear on the display . The bigger the number , the less pure the water is . However , if you compare those numbers with an accurate TDS meter , the numbers are not even close . Someone might find it useful to compare the the * relative * purity of some water samples . I did n't . I needed a good PPM number to know when to change a Reverse Osmosis membrane.As mentioned by another reviewer , this tester does NOT indicate water safety . It measures disolved solids , not bacteria . A `` pure '' mountain stream at 10 PPM TDS could get you a good case of giardia.This tester is not a TDS meter . The number displayed has no particular relation to TDS -LRB- Total Dissolved Solids , parts per million -RRB- . Nor is the unit able to be calibrated . As such it is not a TDS meter . To the manufacturer 's credit , they do n't claim that it is . -LRB- But another reviewer does -RRB- . I have this unit nowHM Digital Pocket Size TDS Meter TDS-4 Water Quality Testerand it works great . I 've had great luck with HM meters . Spend a few more bucks and get the real thing .
 shipped quick , item is inaccurate , can not be calibrated , converson factor is unknown I estmate it to be .700 ~ .850 . simly not worth the shipping .
 This device measures one aspect of water . TDS -LRB- Total dissolved Solids -RRB- . It bases the safety of your water on the probability that the more solids that are dissolved in the water the more likely that it could have contaminants in it . Sure that probabilty works , but the fact is that all of those solids could be just iron , calcium , sodium , or other constituents that are not harmful at all . So this device could give you a reading that says your water is not safe to drink and in actuality it would be perfectly safe . But the scarier scenario would be that because it does not measure for bacteria , your water could have very low TDS and be contaminated with a deadly bacteria . The device could be telling you your water is safe to drink , but the water would NOT be safe to drink at all.However if you use this device to test the effectiveness of your filter , then I would recommend this device . But i would not use this device to tell me if my water is safe to drink or not , too big of a risk.For more information on safe water go to www.epa.gov/safewater
 Tough looking bag but very cheaply made . After four months of daily professional use , the bottom fell out . This is because the canvass pieces are not shown together . They are butted together and each independently sown to a piece of rubber/plastic that is about as strong as a garbage bag . The cheap rubber/plastic is what actually holds it together . Too bad . Bucket boss has in the past made very long lasting bags . This one however is a total piece of junk if you want to actually use it on a daily basis .
 was a little dispointed with the size of this thing , more like the size of a lady 's handbag , really little thing , good for a kid but i would n't recommend for an adult , to get an idea of size i 'd say it 's about 12 inches wide by 10 inches tall .
 I bought this drill because I know Fein tools are some of the best available . However , this drill feels like a Chinese knockoff , maybe because it 's actually made in China . The gears have an unnerving tendency to clatter when easing off the trigger , making the tool feel like it 's not going to last very long . I returned it . I still will buy Fein tools though .
 I agree with the review above labeled `` Disappointed . '' When I compare this drill with my Milwaukee 14V , the red one is better in every way , and it is made in the US .
 A corner on my carpet tucker broke off after the first day of use . The plastic is cheap .
 I bought this tucker as a somewhat disposable carpet tool , since I just had one four foot section of carpet that needed to be tucked back under my baseboard . It worked great for three feet and then started to crumble . It is definitely cheap . I got the job done with the remaining bits of the tool , but I would not count on this tool lasting for a full size room and certainly not for a multi-day job .
 After the hammer glanced off the round striking surface and hit my hand for about the 10th time all I could think about is if I had designed this thing I would pull it off the market so some serously pissed off carpet layer did n't track me down .
 Love Kreg tools and accessories , HATE the new screws with square/phillip head . Received box of SML-C125 -LRB- 1000 pack -RRB- with it 's labeling stating square drive . Very disappointed that Kreg did n't label and inform customers of new style before ordering on amazon . Screws are to sloppy on square head bit -LRB- brand new -RRB- . Prone to stripping .
 I just finished my 5000 piece box of Kreg Coarse 1 1-4 screws , which was purchased from Amazon earlier this year , and I needed a couple hundred more . So I thought this 1000 pack would be just fine . I was a little surprised when I open it and find a different style screw and screw head . These do n't grab as well as the screws I just used up . The old screws would bury themselves through a piece of pine if you let them . These will strip out sometimes . But my major complaint is the Square-Phillips Combination head in these screws . The square drive does not hold as well as in my last square drive only screws . The fit of the `` square '' part of the pocket is not as accurate and leads to a sloppy fit . I also wanted the square only for my application and was not happy to find this subsisted without any mention in the description .
 The old Kreg screws that most , if not all , of the 5 star review are for are not the screws you receive when order the new ones . I recently finished off my last box of 1,000 screws I had ordered several years ago . These new zinc-plated screws do not self thread nearly as easily and the square drive does not nearly as securely . I am very disappointed to see the steep drop-off in quality .
 I bought this water for my small flock of chickens . Within two weeks the first handle broke . I was able to find a replacement handle so I gave it another try . This time I was very careful not to overtighten the handle as the instructions say . The second handle lasted maybe three weeks . I do n't recommend this product . If you do purchase it , be careful when tightening the handle -LRB- only enough to create the vaccum -RRB- and be careful when you loosen the handle . Do n't loosen while there is still vaccum as this causes higher torque and eventual fatigue of the cheap plastic handle .
 I 'm learning a lot about raising backyard chickens as I go . We inherited some of these waterers . They are a bit labor intensive to clean . Luckily it was summertime and I sat outside with sponges , soap , and the hose and scrubbed . There are lots of little corners that are hard to reach . After I got them really clean , I filled them and put them out for the chickens . Within two days the water is disgusting because the chickens perch on the top , pooping down the sides and into their water . They also stand on the red edge , getting their feet into the water . They kick up all kinds of dirt around the feeder filling it with straw , dirt , etc. . . The red base becomes slimy and moldy in just a couple days and the chickens wo n't drink from it when it 's this dirty . They need clean , fresh water and I do n't get it with these units . It 's the same cycle each time . Clean units , fresh water , two days later the water is slimy and filled with poop . We also inherited the metal water units . They get just as dirty , just as quick ! They smell strongly -LRB- inside -RRB- of rubber cement or some other type of glue . I worry about the chemical smell and what the may mean to the water quality . They have the additional problem of rusting . And , if it freezes at night , you 'll need to purchase an expensive heater . Honestly , I have n't found a good solution for my chickens . The nipple system works to keep the water really clean . But , only 1/2 of my birds will use it .
 Do n't buy , cap broke after one week . Hard to keep clean.I 've kept chickens for several years now and used different waterers this one is the worst.I will be throwing out the one that did n't break , I would ` nt stick someone else with it .
 works great until the lid cracks . i read many reviews online and thought i was getting the best plastic waterer available . the lid cracked in the first few days of use . i tried sealing the cracks . that worked for a couple of days . but the next time i tried to move the waterer , the lid cracked more . i am going to try the water nipples .
 The top lid developed a crack after only one month of use . We did not over tighten . I firmly believe that this design just does not work well long term .
 I purchased the water bottle and within a month it was not holding water anymore , it keeps leaking out . I called and they sent me a new one . That one did n't hold water at all .
 I purchased the 5 gal larger Little Giant Poultry waterer . Once I figured out how to work o-ring seal , no more leakage . I did not find the instructions for how to make sure you have a seal and how many turns to be accurate . You actually have to listen to the cap/handle and if you hear a hissing sound , you do not have a seal . I came out several times to find all the waterer empty when I 'd just filled it . So until you absolutely know when you have a good seal , check frequently the water level . The cap/handle is strong for the 5 gal size . You can carry when full . But the 3 gal size waterer cap/handle breaks every time if you try to carry it full of water . I 've bought 3 now and have come to the conclusion that they need to beef up the strength of the cap on the 3 gal size to what they use for the larger waterers . I keep a t little jar of olive oil by the coups , because you will need to smear a little over the o-ring every time and having it nearby helps . Also , since it 's easy for the tiny black cap and o-ring to get lost or fail , I would immediately order replacements , so you have them ready . You can not use the waterer without them . They do not sell replacement cap/handles . Personally I recommend redundant waterers for your coups , to be on the safe side . I have found waterers to be largely unreliable .
 I have purchased 2 of the largest waterers for my flock of 100 chickens and turkeys . The lid design is terrible and made of cheap easily breakable plastic . Moving it by the handle will break it in under a year . I have had to order 4 extra caps from my local feed store . I ca n't find the replacements on line . Entire unit easily gets hairline cracks in winter from freezing.Broke another cap today on here looking for parts . : : fuming :
 My waterer is on the floor of chicken coop - not entirely level but pretty close . I have tried multiple times to refill it and try different water levels but it keeps leaking ! My entire coop is wet ... . I might be misusing it , but I assembled it correctly and it should be easier to use correctly if I am misusing it . I would n't recommend this !
 Fills with dirt , better off just using a bucket ! Apperently I missed the return date ? by 2 day or it would so be going back
 While the concept might be good , the execution is not . Under `` labratory conditions '' I 'm sure it worked well , but put it in a hen house where things tend to get a bit messy and it fails.The screw top has a big enough handle on it , so unscrewing it is OK , provided the threads are VERY clean when it was screwed on . You have to get it screwed on pretty tight so no air leaks in or all water will leak out , too.The unit is a pain to clean since the white water unit sits inside the red water tray . Dirt and whatever gets under and between the two pieces.All that I could have put up with if there would have been a way to hang this unit off the ground . I tried everything . No matter what I did -LRB- even drilled a hole in the side of the handle -RRB- nothing could successfuly keep the unit flat enough to prevent all the water from leaking over the sides.I bought two of these and trashed both within a couple months .
 Fence is hard to adjust and set straight . Dust chute plugs up with just the dust bag attached .
 Be aware that the description of this item is incorrect , with the exception of the manufacturer 's description line . This part is for the older `` classic '' series of Drill Doctors , NOT for the newer version that Amazon now sells . Only the models without the trailing X in the model number can use this . All of the lines above that say it is for ... 500X , 750X are incorrect . It is the wrong diameter , as the newer wheels are smaller.Other than that , it may work fine , but it wo n't fit my DD , so I ca n't tell.Note
 These plugs arrived scattered throughout the box the Kreg jig was shipped in . Their container had been crushed before it was shipped . Many of the plugs were split and the ones that were not split were too rough to use . I put these plugs where they should have been from the beginning ; in the landfill . I like the Kreg jig OK but these plugs were totally unusable . I went to Home Depot and purchased a box of plugs made by a different manufacturer . They are in excellent shape and very usable . I have made many purchases from Amazon over the years with great results almost every time . This item though was literally garbage . I suspect the reader has gathered by now that I do not recommend these plugs .
 I ordered the Jet JWBS-140S / 708113 14 '' band saw and Carter Jet 14 Band Saw guide -LRB- for 14 '' Jet band saw -RRB- at the same time , from the same page on Amazon , as the accessories were listed below the 14 '' band saw . The Jet JWBS-140S 14 '' band saw has a 3/4 '' -LRB- + or - -RRB- diameter vertical guide post , but the inside diameter of the upper guide bracket and guide assembly included in the Carter Jet 14 band saw guide , both measure 7/8 '' -LRB- + or - -RRB- . So the Carter guide would not attach properly to the Jet 14 '' band saw . I am waiting to see what Amazon decides on this.I do n't know if Jet has changed their design but not bother to inform others , or has a bad design . I also ordered the HTC HSJ-1414 mobile base for the Jet WBS-140S and it does n't fit the saw.I was impressed with the look and feel of the Carter guides , but it does n't help much if they do n't fit .
 On the Jet 14 inch bandsaw the guides will not mount properly if your saw has the post with a ` V ' notch running its length , the guide will fit but but it will not center properly . The upper guide can be mounted upside down after turning the mounting post 90 degrees but then the post locking knob will not secure the post properly . You can always replace the post with a full circular one.I would not recommend this guide system unless it is modified . Nor is it a worthwhile device if you change blades often . Adjustments require the use of three different size metric allen wrenches and the adjustments for the lower guides are a pain to get to.I have gone back to my ` cool blocks .
 While this thing works well , do n't get it if you are going to have to change blades a lot . You basically have to readjust it for every size blade , which is what you have to do anyway , but it takes soooooo long .
 A flurry of sparks flew out of the motor housing the first time I operated this saw - which was the day I received it . -LRB- 3-15-07 -RRB- I was outside in bright sunlight , too . A burned rubber smell filled the air . The same thing happened each time I pulled the trigger . After holding the trigger for about 2 seconds , the sparks subsided a bit . This was my first purchase of a Factory-Reconditioned tool . It will be my last . The Factory Reconditioning was done in Mexico . I assume this saw will cut . I was too bummed to give it a try . I bought this tool looking for a bargain without reading the reviews on the NEW DeWalt DW369CSKR . I could have bought the new saw for $ 20.00 more.Better Than First Thought , May 3 , 2007Reviewer
 If you are like me and expect something called `` satin nickel '' to actually be metal you too will be sorely mistaken.The entire cover is plastic , and looks like plastic from across the room . The only thing worse than plastic is plastic pretending to be metal . I would recommend looking elsewhere .
 This chime is what you would expect for $ 25 . It comes in packaging that I could easily see hanging on a peg at Wal-Mart . It feels and looks very cheap but it does work . The `` satin nickel '' finish is not shiny and smooth as pictured . It is certainly not for finer homes . If you have a low budget , are n't concerned about appearance , and just want one that does the job , this is the chime for you .
 The stone -LRB- if you can even call it that -RRB- does not fit snuggly inside the wooden base , so everytime you make a pass with the knife it wobbles , changing the angle of the knife undermining the sharpening effort . Als , the surface is too small and I was n't able to have long consistent passes to sharpen my knife -LRB- which only has a 6 '' blade -RRB- effectively . I imagine it will be almost impossible to sharpen 8 '' or 10 '' knives with this sharpener . Eventhough I used a DMT guiding clamp , it was still very difficult if not impossible to have consistent and fluid strokes . I feel a part of my lack of good results was my inexperience at sharpening with stones , but the small surface area and instability of the device are facts and major factors.My other concern is the durability of the stone . It has just a very thin non-continuous coating that does not instill much confidence in me for its durability . It appears that DMT has been able to spin the argument around by not coating the entire surface , claiming that it 's better this way since the metal shavings will be trapped in the non-coated areas . Frankly , I am not pursuaded by the argument that manufacturing a better product was the reason DMT chose this route . I feel it was to keep the production cost at a minimum ! After having seen the thing and using it , I feel it is exhorbitantly overpriced.While sharpening my knife , I sprinkled a few drops of water on the surface of the stone . Although I thoroughly wiped off the wooden base before putting it away , it is all warped now , looking like a 3-legged dog . And the two pieces do not fit anymore . How they can justify several additional dollars for a box that 's made of junk wood is beyond me . Truly unconscionable .
 Yes , I was trying to save a buck ... do n't do the same . The product arrived with a broken air filter and they did respond quickly to remedy the situation but its a bad inherent design flaw . Filter is a thin cheap plastic part that has an interference fit within the unit . The unit vibrates so bad that it 's sure to break again . Screws come loose and they really need to be loctited or secured some way . Shortly after recieving unit I found new units for less money locally . This compressor was a replacement for a Sanborne I had for 30 years . But it runs so I 'll give it one star .
 It did n't work . Right out if the box the motor was seized . I never got a chance to test it . oh well .
 So much for being remanufactured . Mine had a leak in one of the gauages . Do n't waste your time with this piece of junk .
 ... it sure did n't work for me . In spite of having balanced the wheels and having installed and carefully aligned machined cast iron V-belt pulleys , my Delta bandsaw still had an annoying vibration . Since the belt was old and worn and had taken a bit of a set , I figured that had to be the problem . So after reading the gushing reviews here , I bought a Power Twist belt . No dice . If anything , it made the vibration worse . Since it 's still a functional drive belt , I 'll give it two stars , but it certainly fell far short of expectations .
 99 % of these reviews are written by people who replaced the OEM belt with one of these . Which means they 're comparing the cheapest belt the OEM could buy to an over priced thing.I 've compared these belts to GOOD v belts and do n't see any advantage in terms of vibration dampening.A Gates Cogged Hi-Power belt runs about 1/4 of the price of these and produces the same amount of vibration . In addition to this at the same tension -LRB- ie not stressing the motor -RRB- the link belt was more prone to slippage when the tool was loaded down than the Hi-Power .
 I installed this item in place of the factory-supplied belt on my Powermatic 64A table saw -LRB- excellent saw , by the way -RRB- . The saw was already running quiet and mostly smooth , but I was enticed by the thought of it being even smoother . Installation
 The belt was easy to install , as recommended by others . However , this belt should NOT be used on a furnace/HVAC squirrel-cage blower . The vibration echos through the ducts throughout the house . It was so bad I made a special trip into town on Saturday night to replace it . Be sure you install the original OEM belt in this application .
 I have a Kreg pocket hole jig that is about 10 years old . It is solid and very well made . I purchased the new one thinking that it would be a faster tool to use . I was disapointed . It is made of light plastic with steel inserts in thge drill guide holes . The clamp is too light and mot made well . The tool will be in the back of my shop and never used . I think it is over priced . Do not waste your money .
 There is no way that this long blade adaptor can be leveled with the horizontal stone on the 23-710 Sharpener . It too is a poorly designed piece of equipment . The support can not be lowered sufficiently and even then it is about 1/4 '' higher on one side of the stone than the other . It is obvious that little engineering went into this support . I can not recommend this to anyone . It is a pure waste of money as is the sharpening center itself . I finally gave up trying to make use if this unit and bought a Swedish made one . Now , that one is a great 5 + star unit .
 I , ve given this all chances to work but have found many issues . Start with the good points . The blade holder is cast Iron , The rest of the construction is good Engineering . The cost is low but be prepaired for the rest of the issues . The bad
 A nice adapter for the Delta 23-710 Sharpening Center . The only problem with the adapter is , you ca n't adjust the bevel any higher than 32 degrees . A very poor design . I wanted to sharpen my planer knives at 50 degrees and jointer knives at 45 degrees . As stated earlier , 32 degrees was as high as I could get . If you 're sharpening at a bevel any lower than 32 degrees this adapter would do a nice job.I had to return the adapter to the seller since it would not do the job I expected .
 I bought one of these kits with high expectations . However the foil on the circuit board is so thin that on three occasions it ripped away from the board when I bent a component slightly -LRB- e.g. one of the LEDs , by a few degrees , to align with the holes in the case -RRB- . I 've never had this experience with kits from other suppliers , so I am extremely disappointed and the whole thing has to go in the recycling and I 've wasted my money .
 I went with the Micro adjust guides over the standard guides . These guide are a bear to set up . The micro adjustment knobs bind up and have way too much play . When you tighten up the bearing screws to lock it down it throws the bearings off . The whole set up is a joke and defeats the purpose of the micro adjust to begin with . Called Carter and little to no help . I am sending them back.Also purchased Carter 's ultra blue tires . These tires are not wide enough to cover the width of the wheel . Where the tires are seamed together there is a defined ridge the runs across the width of the tire causing vibration in the saw . Beware they are sold individually and not in pairs for around $ 30 each . Go with the orange tires which cost $ 30 for both .
 Do n't get these guides if you 're planning on using 1/8 '' blades . These guides are great for resawing and heavy cutting where you 're going to use a wide blade , but you ca n't use thin blades on these guides , so you can forget making really tight turns -LRB- as in cutting a bandsaw box or when doing tight scrolling -RRB- . Plus , the price of these guides will leave a sore spot where your wallet used to be.These are GREAT for specialized purposes where a wide blade can be used , but for general bandsaw work in a small shop where different blade widths are used commonly , I 'd rather have a good set of cool blocks and pocket the difference in the cost !
 I returned this product . I own a Kreg pocket jig machine that is of very high quality , so I ordered these clamps thinking they would be the same , somewhere along the standards of a Vice Grip . Unfortunately , the clamps sent had no Kreg markings on it anywhere and were almost identical to a clamp I saw in Harbor Freight for $ 3.99 . They were cheap and flimsy and of no use to me . I was very disappointed , hence the return .
 It does the job but the construction is cheap and lightweight . I do not recommend it .
 This particular clamp is the `` economy version '' and is a CHEAPER `` Made in China '' version of the Kreg ` Premium ' model . It DOES NOT COMPARE to the Kreg `` Premium '' model of this clamp.FYI : When you add the S&H ; charges to this ` bargain price ' , it is actually MORE EXPENSIVE than the Kreg ` Premium ' model -LRB- if you buy something else with it to get FREE SHIPPING -RRB- . Obviously , another case of `` You get what you pay for . ''
 Decent fixture once completely assembled . I would say it is a little better than contractor quality , but not by much . Light weight metal parts . Be aware Assembly is required as well .
 Parts missing , poor construction
 I own several pieces of Delta eguipment and am generaly satisfied with their quality and performance . This would be the exception . The wet stone on my grinder is impossibly out of balance . With all due respect to the other review , you ca n't lap a stone that is not flat at it 's metal base . I thought it was bad luck that I had received a poor stone , but after reading some of the other reviews it seems I am not alone . I was even prepared to purchase a replacement stone and have another go with it . When I did not see any listed in my usual stack of tool mags . i asked the local Woodworkers Warehouse to special order me one . At first they thought the Makita stone would fit , but now after 2 months I am told it wo n't and they are still waiting on `` those stones '' . My last reort was Toolcrib . Well nothing listed here either except some other opinions on how good a door stop this particular machine makes . With any luck I can remove the wet wheel assembly and at the very least make a half decent bench grinder out of it . Delta and Woodworkers you have lost my faith . Toolcrib , you have a new friend . By checking reviews from my peers here first I may avoid disappointment in future purchases .
 Not what I would expect from Delta . I had problems with the wet stone not being balanced . I purchased it hoping to cut my sharpening time in half with it . I couldnt flatten the bottom of my chisel 's . Setting the bevel cut was time consuming and would n't give me the angle I wanted . I was disipointed with the machine so I sent it back .
 After reading the other reviews , I made the mistake of buying it anyway.The machine is wobbly , the tool rest does not line up properly , in general its not worth the money.For what it cost with the planer accessory I shoud have just bought 8 sets of new blades . !!!
 In fareness the sharpener I have IS NOT AS PICTURED ! The slide assembly appears to have been changed.On the older style there is no way to adjust the clamping slide to be in correct alignment with the grinding wheel . Additionally the pin that is used to align the slide angle WILL fall out and unless modified renders the tool USELESS . Then the plastic cap that is used to secure the flat grinding wheel WILL come off and expose a knurled brass nut that now needs a vise grip to tighten.Lastly add the vibration issue that took some time to re-balance and what you have here is a great dust collecor in the corner of your shop !
 This tool does not do what it says it can . None of my chisels or lathe tools reached the stone properly when on the tool rest as it did not travel low enough . Also there is a vibration in it that only went away if you loosened the nut on top of the wetstone -LRB- thereby making it useless -RRB- . The wetstone is driven by a plastic gear that did n't inspire much confidence in the longevity of the tool . The large stone itself is very soft and seems like it will wear out too soon and is about $ 50 to replace . That being said , I love my Contractor 's saw and old delta/milwaukee bandsaw . Built to last .
 I purchused this iten to keep my chisels and turning tools sharp . I returned it after I found out how poorly it worked . You could not set a proper angle as the rest would not go low enough for a simple wood chisel . You can not sharpen gouges with it . It turned out to be a very poor purchuse . It was taken back with no problem and I purchused a very high quality sharping system that can sharpen any thing to a mirror finish . I usally like Delta equipment but theyt really missed the boat on this one .
 I can not comment on the problems encounterd by the other reviewers , simply because I did not get that far . After reading the very sparse manual and carefully setting the center up , I decided to practice with an old chisel . No matter how I adjusted the tool rest , I was unable to properly align the chisel with the stone . I then tried every chisel in my shop without success . The new sytle tool rest currently being shipped is simply not usable . If you are lucky enough to get a center with the old style tool rest you may have better luck , but why bother with all the other problems being reported .
 I purchased this item primarily to sharpen wood turning chisels . Impossible to use with small chisels for turning projects on a mini lathe , because the shafts are not long enough to be held by the provided tool holder . General quality is poor , and insufficiently flexible use for a variety of sharpening requirements .
 I have been trying to get a problem solved with this 23-710 Sharpening Center using the 23-715 Knife Grinding Attachment . There is no way this product is engineered properly and Delta has zero quality control on these units . The attachment can not be leveled with the grinding stone . It is futile to think you can . Delta 's 800 number is of no help , their only solution being to take it to a service center . I am now stuck with it as I have had it over 30 days waiting for parts to arrive that were supposed to solve the problem , but did n't . It appears the hole for the shaft screw on the main grinder housing has been drilled at other than 90 degrees from the side and the 23-715 attachment will never align properly to allow the blade carrier to parallel the grinding stone .
 The biggest problem and this is beyond the general low quality is the fact that it provides one with no built in methods for repeatable grinding angles . I found that the time spent setting up for grinding the angles I wanted was better spent sharpening by hand . Mine went back the same day !
 I think -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- is a lot of money for two wheels , a bit of cast iron and a motor , so when I paid that much for the Delta Sharpening Center , I thought I was buying a good tool . Unfortunately this grinder gives very little for the money . The tool rests are nonfunctional and the wet wheel does n't run true . The machine should be taken off the market , and all of us who have been `` taken '' by Delta given a refund .
 I bought one of these thinking I was finally going to be able to sharpen my tools . After giving up trying to figure out how to properly use it , the included directions were completely useless , I wrote to Delta and asked if they had a better set of instructions on how to properly use this machine . They wrote back and told me to go buy a book on sharpening as many are available . Not what I wanted to hear nor expected from a company with a once good name.I finally gave up threw a towel over it and set it off to the side ; it is still sitting there with over a 1/2 inch of dust on it now . I have yet to find a book that explains the proper way to use this specific tool . It does not easily lend itself to sharpening anything , the water drip system is a joke and unless your chisel has a very long blade you ca n't use this system . The larger wheel is set down in too far making it hard to use and impossible with short blades . If you are not already an expert at using this tool you will probably gouge or ruin the flat stone before you ever figure it out.The one and only part that works at all is the smaller 5 inch stone wheel ; at least it 's easy to get to although I found the recommended way of using it a bit odd.If Delta was smart they would produce a detailed book and a video on the proper use of this tool , who knows it might just cut down on all the lousy reviews it gets . Certainly there is an after market for the book and video if anyone ever takes the time to produce both.In the mean time , save your money for something better .
 I purchased this item from my local Woodcraft store , it was on a Manager 's special -LRB- now I know why -RRB- . All of the negative comments already posted are true-poor quality control -LRB- the drip tube on the resevoir had plastic shavings lodged in it , although not a big deal to clear w / a little blast of air , how could this have passed a quality inspection prior to shipment ? -RRB- , the tool rest does n't even come close to being low enough for half of my chisels -LRB- Stanley & Marples -RRB- , excess vibration , & on & on & on ... I recently purchased a new Band Saw , I passed up on the Delta & purchased a Jet because of the poor fit & finish on the Delta . It really makes me wonder what Delta is doing-or is not doing !!
 I 've owned the Delta 23-710 for a couple of years . The problem with this machine , aside from the manufacturing defects that others have cited is that there is no way to set reliable angles on the wet wheel.The dry , vertical wheel is ok , but offers no advantage over other gardenvariety grinding wheels . You will still have to either make or buy anafter market jig for setting grinding angles for chisels and bench planes.The supplied tool rest is just like those found on less expensivegrinders , and nothing is supplied with the grinder to help set repeatable angles . The instructions provide no help with this , they merely say toset the rest to the desired angle . That 's ok if you do n't mind grindinga different angle on your tools everytime you need to repair a damaged blade.The wet wheel is the heart of this machine , and the reason why most people buy it ; and it 's the reason this product is a complete failure.Again , there is nothing provided with the grinder , and no instructions given on how to set a planer blade or bench plane to a specific angle.There are no aftermarket jigs that will work with this set up that will allow you to produce repeatable results . Even if you decide to just pickan angle at random and regrind every one of your tools to this unkown angle , you will not be able to repeat the results because the tool lengthwill change with each grinding.I thought I could be missing something obvious , so I contacted technical support which is now operated under the DeWalt name . The reply I received stated that my question did not concern a specific issue about a specific Delta product . Instead , I was directed to a private blog operated by a wood turner who had built his own jig to sharpen turning tools on a vertical grinding wheel . It had nothing to do with my question really , which was to find out how to set a defined angle on the wet wheel . Additional inquiries to Dewalt support were just as fruitless.Buyers will be lured to this product due to the relatively low price . I give my strongest recommendation to avoid this product because it will disappoint you . If you are looking something less expensive than the Tormek , do n't buy the Delta 23-710 . Newer products are coming to market that will do what they are intended to do and will do it without addtional aftermarket accessories or the need to be creative .
 The Delta 23-710 sharpening center would probably sharpen tools OK if the parts were made as designed . The wet grinding wheel was out of balance on the unit I received -LRB- causing the entire tool to shake -RRB- and the tool rest could not be placed at 90 to the axis of the small grinding wheel as shown in the instructions . I contacted Delta service about this and they said they would send me a new wheel and tool rest . Over 2 months later , I received the tool rest but still no wheel . I sent the product back for total replacement , but the same problems were present in the replacement . Finally , I sent it back as well . If you need steady , smooth operation in a sharpening tool with precise settings on the tool rest , do n't buy the Delta 23-710 sharpening center .
 I own a number of Delta tools that I really like , including atable saw , a belt sander and biscut joiner . This tool musthave been designed and built by another company.On mine , both grinding wheels were seriously out of balance.Even after bolting it to a bench the tool shakes enough thatit could be marketed as a paint mixer . If you could find aheavy enough bench , you might overcome this problem.But there 's no getting around the fact that it 's impossible toadjust the tool guide so that you can get a standard 25 degreebevel on a chisel - the guide does n't have enough travel tolower the tool rest into the correct position.After adjusting and puzzling over this thing for a few days Idid a lot of web reading and discovered there are much betteroptions . For the same cost you can get a decent 6 '' or 8 `` bench grinder , add a aluminum oxide wheel -LRB- to keep the bladecool -RRB- and add a Veritas tool rest/guide to get a repeatableangle . That takes care of the grinding part.For final honing , get some plate glass , spray adhesive andvarying grades of sandpaper -LRB- 800 grit down to 6000 -RRB- and youcan put an edge on a chisel or plane blade that you canshave with . -LRB- This is usually described on the web as theScarySharp method , and it works . -RRB- Whatever you do , do n't buy this product .
 Delta should discontinue production of this item . For sharpening , you ca n't get away with having sub-par tolerances . I spent hours trying to adjust this sharpener with no luck . The wheels were out of true and the tool supports were poorly designed . I eventually removed the horizontal wheel and added a buffing wheel , basically leaving me with an expensive bench grinder . I finally robbed a bank and bought a Tormek . There is absolutely no comparison . Either sharpen by hand or buy a Tormek .
 I purchased this item thinking that I could get it to do what others could not ... believe me , it is not worth the money , and it is not worth the time to try to make it work . I got the machine , set it up , and turned it on . The wet wheel was grossly inaccurate , with a wobble that would turn a square plane iron into a dull angled iron . I thought that there was something I could do to adjust it , so I called the manufacturer , who claimed a `` certain amount of wobble was expected '' ... actually Delta said `` 1/8 inch was within tollerence '' . Have you ever tried sharpening a tool with an uneven stone ? Delta suggested that I send it in for repairs under their warranty . The only problem is that there is an 8 week backlog or warranty repairs ... any idea why such a there is an 8 week backlog to fix this ? This is junk , its not defective , it is poor design ... do n't waste your time .
 It is difficult to set this machine up such that you get acceptable sharpening results . The guides/supports do not offer much help in ensuring that the item being sharpened aligns with the horizontal stone . Also , you can not set the guide low enough to match the grinding angle on short tools . And finally , the holder portion of the guide has an alignment bar that is on the wrong side of the holder since the beveled edge of a chisel will not engage with it.I own a significant number of Delta tools so I am not biased against Delta . I give this tool a strong `` DO NOT BUY '' recommendation !
 In December of 2005 I bought the 23-710 Sharpening System and , because I was not ready to use it , I put it on a shelf in my shop . Then in March of 2006 I bought the 23-715 jointer/planer sharpener . When I tried to put the two together , the blade holder was nine degrees out of co-planer to the sharpening wheel -LRB- I measured it -RRB- , and there is no adjustment . Due to Amazon 's 30 day return policy , I am not able to return the faulty 23-710 grinder and , consequently , I will neither buy another Delta product nor will I buy anything from Amazon.com !! How was I to know that the grinder was faulty when I did n't have the holder to indicate the problem . Nuts !
 How can I Start . HMMMMMM ... My equipment needs have evolved dramatically in the 3 short months from a Tru Hone knife sharpener to getting rid machine not wanting to depend stones that go out of round quickly and sharpen unequally on both sides of the knife.I had high hopes for the Delta 23-710 when I finely decided a horizontal wet stone was the way to go.Initially it started out great but after using the Delta on about 50 knives the stone would not stay flat no matter what I did as far as dressing the stone was concerned.So I decide I need to replace the stone ... YA RIght !! Well after spending a couple of hours of research I finely locate a couple of stones and have them over nighted ... later I have stones -LRB- Yes the price of a new machine -RRB- I go to replace the the stones and find out the plate the stone sits on has shattered , -LRB- probably the reason the stone would not stay flat -RRB- so I go to the local Repair/service/distibutor to get the part replaced ... Wish I could say Thank you M&M ; Grinding but it aint gon na happen.Now the grinder I love the width of the stone But if you want to so bolster reductions with this machine -LRB- which I have to do many -RRB- the machine is too short when would have do the of the knive where the blade is pointed to the wet stone alot time the stone would get in the way . Hey Delta make the grinder a seperate machine . Although I will never buy another product from Delta Thanks to all your wonderful customer support.I replaced the Delta ... !! ... The stone is not soft as butter like the Delta I predict it will last at least 3 times as long as the Delta the stones cost the same price . ... Oh by the way the Delta has a water tray that does not let you reach all of the stone . Expect to toss the last 1/3 of your Delta stone . ... Now I just need find a nice wide ginder stone to replace Delta grinderDo n't say I did not warn you.Please visit -LSB- my website -RSB-
 Set up time to achieve the desired sharping angles is very lengthy and very nearly impossible to repeat accurately . The small hole in the water supply tank which allows it to drip onto the soft grit wheel is constantly stopped up . The sharpening jigs , including the large blade jig , are largely useless . I have found I can achieve the same results in a small fraction of the time with a belt sander and a fine grit stone . I now use this product as a door stop in my shop . I could have saved the purchase price by just using my bench grinder .
 One word describes the adjustments on this tool - SLOPPY ! All of the adjustments have too much play . You really have to tinker with them to get the machine to hold a tool correctly .
 Bought it and returned it right away . Not Amazon 's fault . Delta should be ashamed putting their name on it . When running it sounds terrible . The wet wheel did not run flat it wobbled right out of the box . Tool post was hard to adjust and not ture to the wheel.Jim
 When I first saw this in a local woodworking store , I thought it was a pretty nice table for the money . Not the ultimate router table , perhaps , but pretty nice . Not cheap , by any means , but not quite as expensive as some , either . Certainly a step up from the `` benchtop wonder '' I had been struggling with these past years . That was in the store . Then I ordered one for myself.Now I know why Kreg has such a fetish about gluing all of their packages shut to the point that you just about ca n't get in them . They are trying to make sure you will not find out what a nasty surprise they have in store for you until you get home , and to make sure you wreck the package -LRB- making returns more difficult -RRB- when you do finally open the box.First was the assembly of the stand , and the attachment of the table top . There were things I felt that they should not have left for the purchaser to do , but that was not a big deal , and it went together readily enough.But then came the `` precision fence '' . When I unpacked that box , I was just plain p * ss * d off . Instead of being assembled , and lacking only attachment to the table and perhaps a little setup , what I found was a box of parts . Not assemblies to bolt together . Just parts . Kreg does not build precision fences . Kreg sells parts kits for people who would like to build their own precision fence . Which might be okay , if they said that loud and clear in their marketing materials . But they do n't . They tell you that you are buying a fence . Not a box of bits and pieces.Then , inspired by what I had found , I opened up the box for the Kreg precision miter I had also purchased . Yes , parts . Not as bad as the fence , mind you , but still , too many un-assembled parts.Keep in mind that like most people who would buy this product , I 'm not shy about putting things together . In addition to woodworking , I do machining and metalwork , welding , carpentry , and a lot of electronics fabrication too . But it really makes me mad to have someone steal my time to increase their profit margins.But more important than the aggravation , and the lost time , is that instead of a `` precision '' device , assembled by someone with a lot of experience putting it together , and a set of jigs available to make sure everything goes together perfectly , I am going to get something put together by a guy who has never built this item before , has no training , no jigs , and no experience with the product , someone likely to make a mistake or two - me . So I am NOT getting what I paid for , not even close . And then I remember that another reviewer mentioned problems with some fragile parts , so I am wondering what that portends for the assembly process.I have n't built out the fence or the miter yet . I was so angry I stopped what I was doing to post this preliminary review . I have a lot of Kreg pocket hole stuff , and while it is a handy product , I never was thrilled with the amount of plastic involved . It was my intention to make some additional purchases from Kreg , their clamping table , and their beaded face frame system , as well as the lift for my new router table . But this has me re-thinking my commitment to Kreg as a solution provider . I ca n't imagine what kind of DIY nightmare assembling the beaded face frame system might be.I suppose I will press on with the table . And I imagine it will be just as nice as it seemed in the store . But my feeling towards Kreg has changed , and I will not be nearly so quick to buy their products in the future . Just know that if you buy this table system , you are expected to be the assembly worker before you can enjoy being the owner of this product.CAVEAT emptor .
 This tool is very difficult to set up to make it work . I 've ruined bits with it by trying to sharpen them , and instead get wrong angles on them , and end up grinding way down . The chucks are somewhat flimsy , alignment is difficult , and results are inconsistant.It is one of the few tools I 've ever bought that I would never use again.It would be better to simply buy new drill bits - I do now .
 I am too cheap to buy a new drll bit when I have a perfectly good bit which is just dull . I spent the -LSB- ... -RSB- for the DD500X . It looked like it would be fast and easy just like sharpening a pencil . After reading all of the directions for over an hour I realized it was a lot more than sharpening a pencil but I was ready to try it and try it and try it again . I never did get a bit that would cut . I ruined all of the bits and wore out the little grinding wheel . I threw that piece of junk across the shop and the cheap plastic exploded like a bomb . I wish I 'd have just bought the new bits . I would be money ahead and would n't have wasted a day screwing with it .
 I tried to use it . But the jaws in the chuck were broken . It turns out that the base that holds the jaws in place was plastic . The plastic was very dry and brittle ! That made it fragile!I took it back where I bought it for an exchange . Before I left the store , I opened the package to examined the chuck . Same thing , cracked chuck ! Then I asked for a refund.Unless the manufacturer stops using cheap plastic to hold in the jaws , I do n't recommend this machine to anyone !
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . Rather than wasting $ 120 on this tool , go to your local machine shop , pay an old timer $ 25 to show you how to properly sharpen a drill bit , and take him out for a coffee afterward . It will be money better spent . The bits I sharpened on this machine , especially the split points , walked all over the material and could barely drill aluminum . The method to sharpen a split point is dismal . The only useful feature on this tool is the plastic v 's on the side that tell you whether the drill is at 118 or 135 degrees . Do yourself a favor and buy a bench mounted belt/disc sander and have someone who knows show you how to do it by hand . I guarantee you will be much more satisfied with the results . This tool is truly a piece of rubbish .
 I have used this product in the past and found it to be very useful . I 'm very discouraged in hearing that the new machines will be manufactured in China . I guess this is another example of companies concerned with profit margins and not quality . I will stock up on replacement wheels now to avoid future disappointments .
 right-handed one terrible for lefties . As an ambidexterous person , I can not use this product at all . Right and left thumbs down .
 That is , if the device is run constantly . Received the following from Flowtron Customer Support today , in response to my inquiry about one of the 3 bulbs for the device failing after only 6 months -LRB- device has a 1 year warranty -RRB- , despite the fact that I left it on constantly -- as the manual recommends in bold letters -- and despite the fact that the manual states that the bulbs should need replacement only once per year : `` The owners manual states `` For best results your fly control shouldoperate 24 Hours a day ,7 Days a week '' , however you should also take into account your personal needs , such as whether the unit is used outside or inside and if used outside whether or not you decide to run it when there is no human activity present . Is it practical or necessary to run it 24/7 to meet your needs ? The manual says `` Bulbs should be replaced every 12 months of operation to ensure maximum output of the invisible ultraviolet frequency range '' . This is because there is a special coating inside the fluorescent bulb glass that can deteriorate over time and not allow for maximum U.V. output . We have found that any of our units that run on a 24/7 mode will have a bulb life expectancy of approximately 6 months . Based on this my recommendation would be that the bulb needs replacement due to normal wear.If you have any other questions please let me know.Thank you , BrianCustomer Service `` Since the bulbs cost at least $ 35 each , this means that if you run the device constantly , it will cost some $ 210 to maintain annually . If you add in the $ 28 or so that it takes to replace the bulb starters -LRB- which also need periodic replacement , according to Flowtron , and seem to be only available at Flowtron 's website -RRB- about once per year , the annual maintenance for the device is at least equal to the purchase price -LRB- $ 240 , in my case -RRB- -- which is really too bad , since the device most certainly gets the job done , for as long as the bulbs last .
 Bought this to get rid of the pesky year round south fla mosquitoes . Been using it for a couple of months now . It kills everything except mosquitoes and that really sux.I 'm not very impressed by the build quality either . The top plastic cover does not fit correctly and is held by a single tiny off-center screw . If you hand the unit by the provided hook , the whole weight of the unit would be on the tiny screw and I do n't think it would take very long before the whole thing comes crashing down to the ground.Definitely would not recommed this unit against mosquitoes . The two stars are just because it kills everything else .
 I buy tons of things from Amazon after reading reviews and doing my own research and it rarely happens that product does not work as advertised . This is one of those rare cases . I bought this product with high hopes and relief that it would help me get rid of my indoor flies problem because this is highly rated and top of the line product and it 's designed for that . Guess what ? This product may be # 1 for outdoor use but for indoor flies , it 's a piece of junk . As soon as I received it , I fired this monster inside my house following all the instruction and placed it where I could see multiple flies . I was hoping that it would start working right a way as soon as I turn it on ... nothing happens for first 5 , 10 , 15 ... 60 minutes . Without losing hope , I thought I may be expecting a lot more from this unit ... so I kept this unit on for whole night . This morning when I am checking to see if there are any results ... not even a single fly and I see them flying all over my place . Do n't waste your money on this junk for indoor use . It does not work . -LRB- not that I had faulty unit but it does not work as advertised for indoor flies -RRB- .
 OK , it works and works well , other than the sloppy stops the Omnijig employees.But this price for a 14 '' piece of machined aluminum ? What does it cost Porter Cable to make this accessory ? $ 2 ? PC does have to cover the development costs and should charge a premium for a jig that is somewhat of a standard in woodworking . Check out the price of the Omnijig . Trust me , you 've already paid for this accomplishment when you purchased the original jig . And the design of this jig has n't changed in years and years . PC is way behind the times.I 'm thinking -LRB- hoping -RRB- that there is a special place in hell for those individuals in companies , like Porter Cable , who decide to rape their customers , who have already paid a hefty tab for the jig , when they want to purchase an accessory for that jig.And the 24 '' jigs cost around $ 67 ? Shame on Porter Cable . If had it to do over again , I would n't buy a PC dovetail jig .
 This jig is OK , and yes , you can produce nice , tight joint with it . However , the base model -LRB- without the attachments -RRB- is almost as expensive as a Leigh . Compare the two products-Leigh
 I like the way the push button looks from the front but it does n't have a flat back . My poor woodworking skills were obvious when trying to cut out a properly sized hole . Also , when trying to force it in the hole the cylinder around the button slid over the two connectors , causing my doorbell to ring so much at it burned out or something . Now all it does is make a buzzing sound . Very disappointed .
 While this doorbell get high marks for its aesthetics , the button mechanism itself is unreliable ... in about one in every four presses it becomes stuck in the ` in ' position , causing your doorbell transformer to buzz angrily until you go press the doorbell button again to un-stick it . Sadly the quality of its insides does n't match its nice facade .
 OK , it works and works well , other than the sloppy stops the Omnijig employees.But this price for a piece of machined aluminum ? What does it cost Porter Cable to make this accessory ? $ 2 ? PC does have to cover the development costs and should charge a premium for a jig that is somewhat of a standard in woodworking . Check out the price of the Omnijig . Trust me , you 've already paid for this accomplishment when you purchased the original jig . And the design of this jig has n't changed in years and years . PC is way behind the times.I 'm thinking -LRB- hoping -RRB- that there is a special place in hell for those individuals in companies , like Porter Cable , who decide to rape their customers , who have already paid a hefty tab for the jig , when they want to purchase an accessory for that jig.Shame on Porter Cable . If had it to do over again , I would n't buy a PC dovetail jig .
 Beware ! ... this is for just 1 torch , even when the description is `` 6 Each '' , you will receive just 1 torch ... so buy just if you are considering to receive just one .
 This listing clearly implies that you are getting 6 torches . I was sent one . I am sending it back .
 We 've been through two of these micro torches , and both have failed ! The only thing more disappointing about their premature failure -LRB- 8 months each of light jewelry usage -RRB- is the idiotic web site , which used to be pretty good.I ca n't believe there 's no support section ! There 's no troubleshooting guide , no FAQ , no manuals , no forums or other usage data of any kind ! Perhaps someone told them that plumbers do n't use websites ? Then why all the fancy flash and catalog work , but the outright removal of important data?Maybe they can say why , but my take is that they stupidly think they own this market and do n't have to do any support work . Bad move.David Smith
 Good flame performance , and easy to use and refill , however the igniter failed after the first session . I contacted Bernzomattic 's customer support and they said to return to the store for refund/replacement .
 I have bought several of these torches to solder electric wires with . I was happy with the product 's performance of the task , but became extremely dissatisfied with the company when I learned they will not sell replacement soldering tips . Soldering tips are a consumable item , not a lifetime item . They are not available in any quantity , not directly from bernzomatic , or not from any aftermarket supplier . If you plan on using your torch for soldering , buy a competitor 's product .
 The other review is right . I bought this product specifically to do box joints and finally gave up after three hours . It is fairly easy to set up and nicely made . I have not tried the dovetail joint template yet , so maybe it is better . But please , someone at Porter Cable re-write those directions . They are not very clear . For example , there are six bolts used in the construction of the jig . Two are shorter than the others . No mention of this in the directions or where to put them . Also the lock nuts used to secure the templates do not move easily . I switched them with the regular nuts . But there is no mention of how to secure the template with those locking nuts in the directions . Had to figure that for myself . Most of the products in my shop are from Porter Cable but this item probably should not have been one of them .
 Well I bought because of the Porter Cable name . Problems appeared around the 5th drawer ... the problem is due to the poorly manufactured left side adjustment bracket , it 's only held in place by one poorly located screw , the bracket flexes enough to create a bunch of problems . The second problem with the jig is in the clamp down plastic knobbed clamps -LRB- 2 of them stripped out -RRB- and the clamp is not hefty enough to hold work pieces in place ... I suspect the plastic knobs stripped because the clamp flexed enough . Save your money and avoid this product . It 's time consuming to setup and frustrating to keep it aligned . I 've designed tools over my life time and this is an example of how a pretty simple jig can be messed up by improper selection of materials and poor execution in the manufacturing and test of a product . Oh , and my experiences with the random orbit palm sander by Porter Cable ... uugggghhhhh !
 I recently purchased this tool and I am very dissatisfied with the design . Certainly not up to Porter Cable 's standard . First the t-nuts that came with it to lock in the sides and top stripped and I had to break it to get it out . They sent me two replacements -LRB- design change , dah -RRB- . The nuts that are supposed to stay in the slot in front fall out and I am constantly adjusting it . This is a poor tool , do n't buy it .
 The picture has a heavy duty rubber molded bottom on the bag , The model I recieved was missing this and had a black cordura bottom/base . I wanted what was in the picture . Also too expensive . A similar version at Home Depot for 50.00 will work if I cant get the molded rubber bottom version .
 It would have been a nice product if it was a little bit higher.I ca n't remove or install motor from it without moving the top plate . If it was made 2 - 3 inches higher I would n't have any problem putting my router motor in and out.I am using Bosch router model 1617EVS .
 I 'd give this table a solid four stars be it not for several careless manufacturer blunders -LRB- mind you , I purchased this new , not used or refurbished , so the contents of the box were seemingly untouched -RRB- :1 . The enclosed manual was for Bench Dog 's Pro Cabinet -LRB- a much different item -RRB- . It took a couple of seconds of scratching my head in search of the parts described in step 1 of the assembly instructions before I bothered to glance at the front of the manual . I had to download and print the correct manual from the manufacturer website .2 . Several holes were woefully misdrilled . Rather than screwing directly into the wood , most surfaces are joined by machine screws that thread into perpendicular metal cross dowels . This is great for the durability of the table . There are a series of pre-drilled , intersecting holes that accepted the screw and cross dowel , respectively . However , two or three of mine were misdrilled with the cross-dowel hole in the correct location but the would-be intersecting hole 2 + inches off . I had to drill a few myself .3 . Furthermore , two screws were missing , and I could not fully affix the metal track until the manufacturer sent the screws -LRB- yeah , I could have gone to Lowe 's and procured what I needed , but it was the principle of the matter -RRB- . To the manufacturer 's credit , they sent me a copy of the correct manual and the missing screws.My only other nit
 I was really hoping that all the reviews about the Bench Dog table were true . I was incredibly disappointed that one of the wooden case pieces was drilled incorrectly . I expect that for a $ 300 router table -LRB- which is twice the cost of my Porter Cable router -RRB- should not have such a major manufacturing flaw . I called Bench Dog and they will send me a new part , but now I will have to go about a week without a working table . This is totally throwing off my project schedule . Buyers beware that Bench Dog admits that this problem in manufacturing occurs from time to time .
 After having used this table for a month , I am very disapointed with its short comings . 1 - this table is very heavy . 2 - It does not offer any means of measurement . Most over the counter -LRB- Sears , etc. -RRB- at least offer some means of indexing or reference ruler . 3 - This table is only good for making cigar boxes . Bigger routing projects take a lots of immagination on this table . 4 - This tble should only be about $ 80 . And that 's for the decent extrusions on this table.I have given up on this . I am going to make my own table . I will probably use Jointech indexed fence .
 Wow -- I wanted to surprise my fiance for his birthday . I bought it with the Bench Dog router lift , and that actually fit great -- customer reviews of the the lift is actually why I bought this brand -- I usually go Delta for everything.BUT the dust port arrived broken in 3 pieces -LRB- it 's a brittle plastic part -RRB- and after an email with the Bench Dog customer service , they said I 'd get a replacement -- the instructions say not to use the product without the dust port.Well , it never came ! and I ca n't find a replacement part online anywhere . So goodbye $ 850 and maybe we 'll try to rig something out of sheet metal . Lame , and very disappointing !
 Purchased this with the hope of making tenons and holding small pieces on the shaper . After assembly I checked the `` right angle '' of the tool on the table saw and found that top to bottom the face plate was off by about 3 degrees . Manual says to shim it to remove the error . But it did n't say where to place shims ! Emailed Woodstock tech support and they said to check for burrs and that shimming was only a fine tuning adjustment . 3 degrees in not `` fine '' . So it goes back to Amazon tomorrow .
 The table top was warped , but fixable . Bit changes are slow and painful . The legs are too long for benchtop use and too short for floor standing so a separate table is necessary . I am not at all pleased with the product .
 I purchased the Rebel Router because of table size , solid aluminum construction -LRB- not sheet metal -RRB- and price . During assembly there are 4 T-nuts that are used to hold the two part fence to the table . One T-nut was oversized and would not fit into table slot . Woodstock sent a replacement that fit the slot , but it had no threads so I could n't thread the bolt . There are two plastic rings that snap into the plate around the router bit . The outer ring has 4 tiny screws that can be used for leveling the height to be even with the table . No mention of the screws nor how to use to level the ring . By luck , I noted the screw marks under a magnifying glass . After leveling the outer ring , I snapped in the inner ring , only to distort the outer ring so the rings have to be readjusted again . The two part fence does not allow the fences to get sufficiently close to the bit , the spacing is much to large when using small bits.The Rebel could be a much better product if they paid more attention to quality and encouraged user feed back .
 Got a great deal on this table from a brick and mortar who were clearing them out . I would n't pay the price they are asking on this or other sites still selling it . Here 's some of the pros and cons : On the pro side , the cast iron deck and cast aluminum legs make for a heavy table that minimizes vibration . However , moving this table is no picnic . I built a rolling stand for it so I can move it to where I need it and then move it back without hernia surgery.Also , the deck is flat and the miter gauge groove is a perfect 90 degrees from the sides - in other words , the table is square . But it damn well better be , since you have to square each side of the split fence separately.There are no marks in the deck , not even a mark for the center of the bit . This means extra care must be taken to line up the fence with the work piece and bit . Takes some getting used to , but it can be done fairly quickly once you get it figured out . The split fence is a nice feature for advanced router skills , but I would prefer a single piece fence for most work . However , the design of the table would still make lining everything up a chore.Before leaving the topic of the fence , mine came with a nice thick piece of MDF attached to the aluminum fence bases . Unfortunately , the bolt holes are so low they wo n't accept an off-the-shelf featherboard , so I 'm out the 20 bucks I paid for that . Also , the bolts for moving the MDF back and forth on the aluminum base end up directly behind the bolts securing the fence arms to the table deck . Stupid.You have to drill the aluminum top to accept your router , and that can be difficult for the beginner . The plate has 4 leveling screws , and they work adequately , though I still have one side that is less than a 1/64 lower than the table top . But it works.Something I abhor about this table , and not mentioned in any review I 've read , is the mechanism for catching chips and sawdust . It is a 4 inch diameter clear plastic ring that is attached to a swing arm which is attached to the center-back of the table behind the fences . It is height adjustable ... and worthless . I was rabbiting some 1/2 inch stock which fit perfectly beneath the plastic ring , and chips flew everywhere but into the vacuum I attached to it . I tried jury-rigging another vacuum underneath with minor ... very minor ... improvement . Really bad design . Really an afterthought I think.Overall , I would stay away from this table unless you get a killer deal like I did . Oh , and you have to purchase the safety on and off switch separately . Figures .
 I received it and there is a big mistake of its design ! The left power pin is bigger than the right , you ca n't plug it into a socket on the wall , you must use it head-down ... what a stupid design ... Do n't use it in the US !
 The table top was recieved with a separation in the core MDF -LRB- ? -RRB- material which is the main `` strength material '' between the top and bottom Laminate . The separation or crack was plainly visible in the area routed out for the router base plate . I saw the flaw instantly when I opened the package . How could Tommy R. -LRB- the inspected by person -RRB- have missed this ? Anyway after getting over my initial disgust and not wanting the return hassel , I glued and clamped the flaw myself.Also the product I ordered did not have a miter gauge track embedding in the top . The one I received has one . I really wanted the one I ordered without the miter gauge track .
 Thought I was getting a deal when I purchased the 1-1/2 hp P-C plunge router set with table . You get what you pay for . No problem with router but the table is VERY sub-standard . The fence adjustment is LOUSY . One wing nut holds each sliding fence and is almost impossible to get it square to the working surface due to the slop in the design . Too much wasted time is spent both aligning the fences to the table and to each other . The lightweight construction -LRB- cheap -RRB- allows the table to move around quite a bit when running material thru ... be sure to clamp/bolt it down before use . The miter slot is rough and the slide is sticky . The only minor positive is the dust chute works adequately when connected to the shop vac.In hindsight , I should have bought the router alone and looked elsewhere for a quality built piece of equipment . Now I 'm forced to use it until I can build one that is suitable .
 I am usually a big fan of Porter-Cable products , but this one is a dud . The fence is clumsy and hard to adjust , the miter gauge slot has substantial slop in it , and ridges in the table are rough and sometimes mark work . I bought it as part of a 3 piece kit - the `` Ultimate Router Workshop . '' The cost was less than as a stand alone piece , so I 'll probably keep it . If I had purchased it as a stand-alone item , it would be returnsville ! If you 're serious about owning the PC 1 1/2 hp routers with both bases , purchase them separately and pony up the extra cash for a more refined table . You 'll thank yourself later .
 This unit is made of light weight materials with inexpensive mechanicals that make it difficult to setup . The fence is hard to use , as it uses a simple L-bracket from the fence to the table with a twist-screw to tighten down - often changing the position as the screw is tightened . Forget using it without seriously clamping the unit down to some solid surface , as there is n't enough mass to hold it in place . This said , once set up , the unit works fine and is very portable .
 I bought this table figuring it would be the same quality as my other Porter Cable tools . Boy was I wrong . The miter slot is so sticky -LRB- a poorly milled warped table -RRB- that movement to the center of the table is not even possible - it stops half way . The table is so rough from the milling process that it will mar your wood . This table is being returned . I 'm ashamed to even put this in the tool category .
 I just bought one of these and already am having second thoughts about keeping it . Like alot of others , I thought by buying a PC product it would be top of the line . First , the table looks unfinished with both the front and back wide open . Second , the darn thing only has two inserts . One with a small opening and the other with a huge opening . I think everyone that reads this should call PC and complain about that . How much trouble could it be to provide another insert with this table . Oh yes , by the way this metal insert -LRB- nothing but a big washer -RRB- just lays in the the hole unattached and bounces around when in use.Lastly , this router table is better than some I saw , but then again it should be ... -LSB- for the price -RSB- .
 If you have limited space , and will be doing small projects from time to time , this is a decent quality table . If you will be doing production work with your router table , I would look elsewhere besides this model . The first thing I noticed , was when I installed my Porter-Cable router into this Porter-Cable table . The 3 retaining screws seemed to have some alignment issues . A little tweaking , and everything finally went together okay , albeit a bit on the tight side . I use my router for free-hand work as well as a table router . I am considering purchasing a 2nd router so I do n't have to switch my router in and out , as it is a bit of a hassle . The 2nd thing I noticed , was the the limited fence adjustment capacity . 3 1/2 '' - 4 '' inches is about all you can expect to get between the 2-piece fence and the center of your bit . Some of my projects require a working depth of 6 '' inches or more between the fence and center of bit . By removing the fences , and clamping a straight-edge guide where you need it , 6 '' inches can be acheived , but at the loss of the dust collection shroud . Overall , it is a sturdy enough untit when bolted to a solid base . I noticed no deflection in the cast-aluminum table plane as far as straightness goes . Bottom line ... fair buy for the price .
 I chose to get this table in spite of the negative reviews , based on the several good reviews , THAT WAS A MISTAKE . One of the reviewers said that Porter Cable dropped the ball on this piece of equipment -- that is a vast understatement . I can not find a single positive thing to say about this table . The Craftsman table I bought this unit to replace is better , cost half as much , and included a router!The specifics :1 -RRB- The top mounts to the brake formed legs on four cast posts on the table . There is really no other stabilizing surface to keep the approx . 14 ga. legs from flexing from side to side . Shoddy design .2 -RRB- The milling on the top of the table ridges is full of burrs and very sharp edges that will cut you if not removed , not to mention ruin your workpiece . A simple swipe with 320 grit sandpaper will NOT , as one reviewer suggested , solve the problem . I spent over an hour with files and surfacing stones de-burring the through holes and hundreds of ridges on the work surface .3 -RRB- The table must be drilled to be able to use the optional Porter Cable # 75301 above-table height adjustment accessory on the # 890 Porter Cable router . This entails drilling from the bottom of the table through the ridged top which is no easy task even with a drill press . You would think that the holes for their own router would be provided .4 -RRB- The fence consists of two individually adjustable cast aluminum brackets with wooden pieces for the faces . Very cheesy , and bound to be cumbersome to adjust accurately .5 -RRB- There is no provision for handling the excess cord from the router to the on/off switch . You must either live with a gob of power cord hanging willy-nilly about the table , or fashion a system for containing the excess cord . I used a pair of small robe hooks mounted diagonally on the outside of the rear of the legs .6 -RRB- The description states `` machined aluminum top with cast-in lip to support table extensions '' . There is NOTHING to support table extensions , unless I am completely in the dark about what a table extension is . This was a feature that caught my eye as I regularly work with wood over 30 '' long.For the cost , this table is NOWHERE near what Porter Cable quality should be . Do n't waste your money unless you want to spend hours making this table usable .
 I bought this bench top router table only because I did not want to take the time to make my own . I already had too many projects going on in my limited work space and I needed a table that would be compact and get the job done . I have several other Porter Cable products -LRB- including a router -RRB- and I 've always found them to be well built and reliable . Well , I guess there is a first time for everything . First off , the fence system is a serious pain in the neck to deal with . It comes with one of those plastic guards that you normally see on table saws . It was so cumbersome and perpetually in the way , I felt it made using this table more dangerous rather than protecting me . So I had to remove that . Next was the fence itself . Since it is made of two pieces of wood that move independent of each other , trying to get the thing to sit in a straight line is a bit of a chore . And once you think you got it right , it moves just enough when you tighten it down -LRB- via two separate bolts , 1 per section -RRB- that your work hits the edge of the next piece as you pass it along the fence . Having to reposition the wood mid cut is not safe it is messes up the job . So to fix it , i screwed a piece of hard wood to the top to keep the fence true at all times . Unfortunately , the deck of the table was just as poorly designed . The extra wide hole -LRB- presumably designed for above the table bit changes -RRB- was uneven and the wood would hit the other after passing through the bit . I would have to lift the wood to get it to keep moving , making the depth of the cut uneven . I fixed this by screwing a piece of ply wood to the fence and cutting slot in it for the bit . The amount of time I spent fussing with this hunk of junk , I could of well been on my way to making my own . The lowering system , dust collection , and power switch all worked fine , but that didnt make up for the unsafe and poorly engineered design of the fence and deck . Pass on this one folks , it aint worth it .
 Update - 9/28/2012 - A month ago , Amazon had theBosch RA1181 Benchtop Router Tableas a Gold Box special , so I bought one . The difference is amazing . It 's like comparing an Easy-Bake oven to a Thermidor . The Bosch is solid , with absolutely no play . It has a solid , one piece , extruded aluminum fence , versus the two piece one on the Porter Cable . The top is bigger , The power switch has two sockets - one for the router and a second for a shop-vac . It has a cast aluminum router plate that 's adjustable so it 's level with the table surface . Putting it politely , it blows this out of the water in every single dimension . And since they 're roughly the same price , I see absolutely no reason to purchase this instead of the Bosch . . Here 's my original review : ******************************************************************* Although usable for some things , this router table has too many flaws to be useful for precision work . - Fence
 The router plate seems to be pretty decent and the install & setup was easy enough without the additional cost of the optional install template/kit . But I 'm most umhappy with the insert rings . Even after sanding them around the edges as recommended , they are still difficult to pop in and out , and now I 've cracked the innermost insert ring trying to take it out !!! BTW - I emailed Rosseau for a replacement a week ago and have not had any reply . The next router plate I purchase will not be from Rosseau - I will probably go with one of Rockler 's models .
 I would not buy this plate . I bought one , and it was not flat . From the center to the edge the plate drooped at least 1/16th of an inch . I returned the plate to the store where I purchased -LRB- not an online purchase -RRB- and got another one in exchange . Before I left the store I had the salesman check it for flatness , SAME PROBLEM . He opened a third , and it was also not flat.I ca n't imagine this was designed this way . Just for kicks I took it home and installed it on my router , and put it in my router table -LRB- the salesman was interested in the little experiment I wanted to try -RRB- . It did not flatten the plate . I had some problems with the test cuts because the plate was not flat.I typically do not right reviews for products unless I am not satisfied . The store let me exchange the third plate for a different brand made out of aluminum . I checked it for flatness before I left the store , and it was flat.Just want folks looking at this one to beware .
 I bought this hoping to save a little money . After receiving it I put it on the shelf in my garage and did n't get around to using it for a few months . When I took it out of the package the plate was badly warped and unusable . I have not tried to return it yet but being that I have had it for a few months I do n't Know if I 'll get a refund . I recommend considering other plates .
 Like the others have mentioned , it has bulged in the middle supposedly to compensate for the weight of the router . Do n't expect to get any sliding dovetail done because of this . Invest a little more , get an aluminum plate .
 I bought this one hoping to save $ 20-30 from buying Rockler 's base plate that is pre-drilled for your router . I was making a router table . I cut the inset , made it fit etc , Then all I had to do was drill the holes to mount the router base . I followed advice on this site and even bought new template guides to hold is in place to mark it . I drilled it on the drill press for precision . It did n't matter , the 1/1000 it slipped was enough to make it warp whenever I mounted my router to it . Ended up being a disaster ! I ended up buying the Rockwell plate anyway and had to make another melamine coated MDF table top for it -LRB- buy another melamine coated board -RRB- . By saving $ 25 , I ended up wasting about $ 75 !! Just pony up for the Rockler brand plate
 Crown in plate makes it pretty much useless . I set the plate on my table saw & it actually rocked . When I called Rousseau they wasted more of my time by telling me they would send me another , Yeah another crowned plate . I liken buying this plate to buying bent drill bits
 I bought this product to do raised panels . You have spend an extra 20 bucks to buy a template so that you can install this piece of junk . My router has above the table height adjustment , while drilling the whole , the plate chipped out , I had to glue it back together . Also , when trying to install the levelers , the plate chipped out again !!! I did not install the levelers at all do the plate chipping . I have a 60 dollar piece of junk that is crowned in the center !!! DO NOT BUY THIS , U WILL HATE IT !!!
 This plate is a `` deluxe '' piece Junk!The 1/32 '' + `` crown '' that the brilliant `` engineers '' decided to manufacture into this plate make 's any raised panel , edge , or joint forming work infuriating , and impossible to achieve accurately . It also looks very `` cheap '' , the top surface is very slippery , and it scratches easily . What initially `` caught my eye '' and made this plate appealing were the `` 2in1 '' plastic insert rings , they looked like a nice feature . They fit extremely tight though , and removal without a hammer or pry bar was not really possible unless you modified them . Needless to say , I returned it . I purchased a very nice machined 1/4 '' aluminum plate from Rockler instead that it IS flat , and has an very nice anodized coating . It works excellent ! I highly recommend that you save yourself the time and money I lost and do the same . Keep in mind that the aluminum plates also have different sized inserts you can buy or you can get a solid one that you can drill out for a custom size .
 I purchased this two years ago . I actually have two of them . Part of my purchase was based on positive feedback from the postings below.Problem
 I bought this to use for a router table I was planning to build . Because I was gathering materials , I did n't actually open the package till it was too late to return it . Like the others , I found a very noticable bulge across the center . It was supposedly a feature so that heavy routers would pull it flat . Well , my 3 1/4 hp Triton router was n't heavy enough to do so . There is no way for me to get the plate flat with the table and buying a heavier router is not an option just to see if it will flatten out my router plate . It does n't really matter if any of the other features are good or not if its an unusable product .
 The insert is as advertised but there is no sense paying for the name when the same product -LRB- without the bubble -RRB- can be had at Harbot Freight for 1/2 the cost . I use it but in the future I will opt for the aluminum insert + $ or the generic version - $ . The install was easy once I tossed the instructions . It works , it is well made , the inserts require a dead-blow hammer to remove and I will not purchase another .
 I have used this plate for 2 years now and it stinks . The crown in the plate is ok ... I do n't mind that , but the snap in rings are a bear . You have to use a hammer and hit it hard to snap them in and out . Last night I was hammering them out and the whole plate shattered . Now looking at Rousseau 's higher quality router lift I find that it has the exact same plastic top and the exact same snap in rings . Being a weird sized plate means I 'm now going to have to re-build the top of my router table to accept a better quality router plate . Spend the extra cash and get an aluminum plate with quality snap in rings . Also Rousseau 's customer service is a nightmare . This has a lifetime warrantee so I called to get get a free replacement after I broke it . 3 months and numerous phone calls later I FINALLY got a new one from them ... with the same stupid problem .
 Its actually pretty wavy . Received mine about 2 weeks ago and setting up a table for it . The surface has waves in it about 0.01 - 0.02 in depth . I was hoping for better . I may chuck it and start over .
 I frequent a woodworking supply store and look at every table they have . I 've never seen a Rousseau setup put together to compare . I just went by the reviews and the claim by the manufacturer . It sounded like a good buy as well as a good idea.Ok , I 've had this base plate for about two years . Actually , it 's my second one . I called Rousseau and told them that I think the crown is too high and I think I 'm going to have trouble . They told me to route the opening a little lower so that the edges are are a little recessed and then the crown would be parallel to the table or a bit above and it 's supposed to work great . They even sent out another plate that less of a crown.Well , it sort-of works but my stock often catches on the lip of the recessed table . You have to carefully feed the stock along the table and watch for the catch . I 've shimmed up the corners , adjusted it every with way and am just completely annoyed with the way the stock rides up the crown and across the other side.Like one of the other reviewers noted , forget precision work . You need to have a completely smooth top without added variables that make a seemingly simple process a little extra complicated.If you 're cutting plain moulding it works fine . I 've cut a ton of bead moulding and coves etc. . But forget divided light and anything that has parts that need to be assembled accurately.I 've since purchased an aluminum plate that fits my 9 '' x 12 '' opening and it works wonderfully . It costs twice as much as this Rousseau but more than makes up for the trouble .
 I purchased this insert to attached my 3 1/2 hp Milwaukee router for table use . I spoke directly with the manufacturer with my request for a template to accommodate my router . I spoke with three people and finally an engineer I spoke with simply stated they did not provide one for my router . No offer of any kind of assistance . I had to approximate the layout , using the Milwaukee stock base plate as a guide . This task is more difficult than you may assume , depth of recess and spacing of the 3 screw holes needs to be exact . My effort is pretty close , since I had a business associate drill and counter bore the three holes for me at his prototype Lab . Even so , a Rousseau provided template would have been more accurate than using the base plate turned out to be . I would think that providing one would be very easy for them to produce - even send to a client as an email attachment , with a depth and drill size recommendation . No customer service focus at Rousseau that I could find.The different size and color inserts are good , and it works OK as drilled . My rating is low due to the lack of concerned help and general attitude of the manufacturer .
 Only one shoe was shipped . No packaging , just a hunk of metal in a box . I read the other reviews and saw that they had received a set and no one made mention of not receiving a packaged product . Just a heads-up .
 I really hate this toolbelt . I like a lot of Bucket Bros. other products -LRB- especially the bucket organizers -RRB- , but this belt was a real disappointment.The tape holder does n't fit a 25 ' tape very well -LRB- too shallow and wide -RRB- , and its too close to the belt for fasteners - they want to pour out when you bend over . The pockets are largely unstructured , so your tools just kind of float around inside , banging into each other and making it hard to fish the right tool out . The outer pockets are too small to hold normal tools securely . Note in the picuture that they 've got something like two or three pencils in them -LRB- ! -RRB- . The worst thing about this setup , though , is that the bags have oversized loops that sit over a fairly narrow belt -LRB- albiet with some sort of stiffener in it so it buckles less than it might otherwise -RRB- . The net result is that when you bend forward , the bags come sliding forward , and when you straighten back up , you have to shift 'em back.On top of that , the stiff part of the belt only extends about 2/3 of its length , so tools like your tape holder and drill holster end up hanging from a narrow web belt , and drooping down.I finally had to strap on a pair of suspenders to keep the whole rig from sliding apart everytime I unbuckled the belt.I have a CLC electricians bag with a velcro on the loops to keep the bags in place , and a Skillers system that uses loops and velcro straps - both systems do a far better job of keeping the bag together -LRB- though they each have their problems , as well -RRB- . On the positive side , the materials the Builder 's rig is made up from are durable , and the price is quite reasonable compared to , say , an Occidental Leather setup . If you 're a homeowner carrying a light load , or invest in a pair of suspenders , you can make it work OK .
 I am a carpenter , and have been for sixteen years . I have tried many different bag setups over the years , from front pouches , which I find convienient but very hot on my legs and dificult to walk with while wearing , to my favorite , two seperate bags sitting on the outside of my hips . The Builders rig bags are way too short , so they sit up at an awkward hight and the tool pouches on the inside of the big pouches get jambed up with fasteners . The entire set up is very awkward . Not what you want to deal with at work .
 I 've been using a Bucket Boss Builders Rig for about 10 years now . I volunteer twice a week at Habitat for Humanity , so it gets pretty heavy use . The first belt I bought lasted me about 5 years . The second one lasted two and was made of different material . The third one has only lasted a few months and the bags are falling apart . The material is n't as stiff as it used to be , so my cats paw falls through it 's holder . There are two holes in the other bag already too . While I 've enjoyed using this light-weight belt , I 'm now searching for a better built replacement because Bucket Boss has reduced the quality of the material to the point where it is n't a good purchase anymore .
 The tool bags themselves are acceptable albeit a little thin . The tool belt which I thought from the picture had velcro padded wrap around with tool belt closure is actually a thin nylon strap with waist adjustment that required me to sew it to size and the plastic clasp does not easily stay closed . Had I known I definitely would have purchased another only slightly more expensive tool bag .
 The belt is light , padding is nice , but the buckle itself has started constantly coming unbuckled a lot on it 's own while I 'm moving around . I 've not even used it much , and the plastic in the buckle has just become very flexible/weak , and now it just unbuckles itself making the belt unusableMy advice is to get a belt buckle with prongs -LRB- normal style tool belt -RRB- , which would n't have this problem .
 If you do construction work , do not buy this item . I bought it for my husband for Christmas and after two uses , the plastic latch broke . Returned it for a refund .
 although the construction is impecable the holster really needs a leg belt to stay stable , also the pouch will not work well with t handle drills like a milwaukee , or small drills like 7.2 volt B&D . works greak with dewalt , but thats it as far as i can tell , better off buying the hook ...
 I 've thought about buying one of these holsters for quite some time now . Usually , if I 'm fortunate enough to remember to bring it , I use one of the various hooks that are available on the market . I always thought that having a holster would make the act of storing and retrieving my drill a simpler process.Alas ... I was mistaken . With my DeWalt 14.4 , the holster wants to twist and turn with my every movement . If I stand still , it 's fine . When I climb a scaffold , or a ladder , or walk anywhere -- the drill is not where I left it . Often it has twisted itself inside the holster in such a way that I ca n't get it out with one hand . Hardly an improvement over holding it between my legs.Perhaps if the holster had a strap at the bottom to hold it against the leg this would n't be an issue.I have n't given up yet . I 'll try a few more configurations with the holster , but so far it 's been sitting in my truck . It 's too big to use with either set of nail bags I have , and even on it 's own the above-mentioned problems make it more trouble than it 's worth .
 Sounds like a good idea at the time , but I never seem to use this as it is rather bulky and more in the way than anything .
 I used the drill holster onsite for a couple of days , climbingwalls and installing metal siding . At the end of just three daysthe most critical seam , where the handle rests on the holster isfailing . It is not going to remain useful for any length of time .
 I bought their tool belt which is great but the snap broke the very first day I owned this rendering it useless . It was too much trouble sending it back since I threw away the packaging . Disappointing quality .
 I am a professional carpenter doing finish work in homes . I have used the Bucket Boss tool rig for years and it has been good but never great . What was good was the design -- right number of pockets , right places , versatile , lightweight and , with suspenders , comfortable to wear all day long . The problem was that the material did not stand up to the demands of professional use for more than about 6 months . Then BB made one version of this rig with heavier material and , best of all , reinforced pockets that did not sag into uselessness in 6 months . It was perfect . It lasted for about 18 months which is good for a tool belt in constant use . When I ordered the same tool belt 18 months later , it was junk . Not only have they moved away from the quality material , they have gone to a lesser material that would not last 3 months.Here is the good news for occasional users . This is a good tool belt for the weekend handyman or a summer project . It still has the usefulness of the original design.But if you are a professional , do n't waste your time or money-you will return it .
 I thought I would get a tough , pro-quality belt at a bargain rate . Not quite . Right away , the buckle wo n't hold it 's adjustment . I 'm constantly struggling with it . The pockets are not holding their shape after 16 months of full time use . My 12V cordless sags in the holster , etc. . I do n't like how it feels much in general , too saggy . It does the job however and is certainly the best availible for the price . Recommended for ocasional use .
 I am a carpenter who has owned this toolbelt for less than a year . It started out on a high note but in the last six months it 's gone down hill . I was constantly adjusting the belt , and just last week the plastic buckle broke in our Canadian cold . Although it does have alot of storage space I would n't recommend it for those who rely on their tools to perform on a daly basis . -LRB- Great for the average home owner . -RRB-
 My advice is to pass on this tool belt . -LSB- After two months of use -RSB- this tool belt is coming apart at the seams with VERY light duty use -LSB- ... -RSB- . I doubt it would last a week as a `` Contractor 's Rig '' . In addition it has been a pain to use since day one . The belt simply will not hold its position , if you buy this tool belt plan on occasionally wearing it around your ankles.Also , the front nail pockets flop around dumping their contents as you walk , kneel down , or climb ladders.I own other Bucket Boss items that have proven very durable and useful . In my opinion they missed their usual high mark on this one .
 I needed more pockets and nooks for all the tools in use on my multi year home remodeling project . That is all this bag has going for it . I took the belt off the first day replacing it with a better one I had on hand . I did use the belt the other week with electrical bags on , what a pain . The bags pull into a bunch in the middle on the belt and puff out excessively to the sides . Some stiffing material along the belt sleeve would help this . It seems to me that too many of the pockets went to speed squares but not one for a carpenters square . I could use more places to store tools and only a couple speed square pockets . There are a few pockets I will miss when I can afford to replace from this belt . The little pocket with the flap is great for drill bits and drivers and the big bulging pockets can hold a two or three gang box etc. , the three nail pockets are handy and the tape pocket works well for tapes or a forth nail bag if needed.Keep looking would be my advice .
 My advice is to pass on this tool belt . I received this item on April 9 , 2002 . It is now June 6 , 2002 and this tool belt is coming apart at the seams with VERY light duty use -LRB- just as another reviewer mentioned it 's the stitching at the tool slots -RRB- . I doubt it would last a week as a `` Contractor 's Rig '' . In addition it has been a pain to use since day one . The belt simply will not hold its position , if you buy this tool belt plan on occasionally wearing it around your ankles.Also , the front nail pockets flop around dumping their contents as you walk , kneel down , or climb ladders.I own other Bucket Boss items that have proven very durable and useful . In my opinion they missed their usual high mark on this one .
 I purchased this as a gift and discovered that it was not a good choice . The belt was too small for a man and there was no hammer loop which proved to be most irratating . I wished I would have just returned it .
 After reading the above reviews I am shocked at the poor quality of this table.After recieving the table I was quite excited . However , the excitment went to disappointment as I removed one part after another.First the base . Constructed of oak , it is clear that the pieces were run through a planer with very dull knives as gouges were taken out of half of the parts . The bolts did not match and 2 were actually short . The edges were sharp and you need to be careful not to catch any splinters . You will need to sand over the edges before handling.As far as the table mechanism itself the aluminum scales were scratched , dinged and showed signs of wear . Two of the brackets for the fence were actually different models . The support bracket for the plastic gaurd was actually pitted and weathered with some of the anodizing coming off.I called Jess-em and they could not understand how I would get such poor quality and suggested that the dealer had misused this product before I recieved it . They assured me that it was not Jess-Em 's normal quality and indicated they would send me an entire new table.When I recieved the new table , Although the legs were no longer gouged , most of the same scratches , dings , etc were there . I called again and the person then asked me to describe the problems . I started with the pitting in the support bracket . She went to thier inventory and actually looked at their part stock . She agreed that the bracket was pitted discollered , etc However , she said that it was not Jess-Em 's quality rather it was a problem from their supplier . As far as the scratches , mostly from handling in their own shop.She finally asked if I was from Canada . I said no . She said `` Canadians are very fussy about this stuff . Most Americans are not . `` I would not recomend this product .
 I picked up the Jessum Rout R Slide Sliding router table used and am not happy at all . Given `` buyer beware '' I would have thought Jessum would provide SOME support in the way of accessories AND an instruction manual . My perception of Jessum is innovative and quality , except with regard to this table . Avoid it on the used market .
 I have n't compared this to a lot of bags but I find it heavy and uncomfortable to want to carry those few things on a daily level -LRB- I end up using a side bag instead -RRB- and it 's a bit small to have a as a go-to bag for projects outside of the shop . The pockets are also too small to be helpful . I have stabbed under my fingernails a few times looking for bits , screws , pens and the like .
 I ordered this for a Christmas present for my spouse . How embarrassing when he opened it and we discovered that you had to buy a bucket for it ! I thought it folded out into a bucket shape . This may be a fine product , but I am sending it back with a nasty note , saying make it clearer that it does not come with a bucket .
 I have been using this product for many years and loved it , but they appear to have changed the interior pocket depth and now the tools fall out . The pocket ca n't even support a nut driver without falling inward blocking access to the center of the pail . To bad the ruined a good thing .
 I have been using this particular bucket boss for years . I have to replace them every 1-1/2 to 2 yaers due to the abuse I put them through - No problem . However , when this particular batch came in and I put a new one on my bucket , I found that the pockets were much shorter and my longer tools -LRB- ratchet , chisels , etc. . -RRB- were falling over . While the Bucket boss seems constructed the same , I find myself yelling at it in frustration for not holding my tools like the older ones . So in short , if you are going to keep short tools in it , no problem . If you need it to keep normal tools in it , be wary .
 From all the glowing reviews I thought that there was no what I could go wrong!WRONG!I expected a nice leather bottomed bucket shaped tool bag.WRONG!This well made , well designed circular belt is made to slip onto a LARGE 5 gallon bucket . The bucket is not included!Also be aware that a 5 gallon bucket is pretty big - not your usual around-the-house bucket but a large bucket -LRB- normally white -RRB- used for industrial jobs.Maybe this is what you want . It was not what I wanted !
 This thing is terrible . Please do n't waist your money . Also be aware that it does n't come with the bucket , so you 'll have to go out and buy your own .
 It 's a nice bag but no support for the bottom . I used to use it at work but not no more . If they make the bottom ridged it would be a 5 star .
 Not sure where these tool bags were made , but they 're not the quality of the original Bucket Boss bags . Maybe they 're knock-offs made by some other company and then sold as the original ? Probably should have returned them , but just never got around to it .
 Looked all over the web for the best price on this product -LRB- a gift -RRB- and found it here . Construction is strong and finish looks great . I ca n't give enough kudos for customer service . I inadvertently ordered the wrong color shade . Sent an email the next day and received a very prompt reply to fix before shipping !
 The cables are made in the USA , which is great , but they are not copper cables . They are the much cheaper `` copper clad aluminum '' cables that are of much lower quality . The product description states , `` Extra Heavy-Duty '' and `` the strongest consumer grade available '' , which CCA is not . I need the jumper cables for emergency use only so they hopefully wo n't be used much . If you need to unroll and roll up the cables often look for copper cable , not this product . This kind of information should have been in the product description , but then if it was , I would n't have made this purchase .
 These cables are made with aluminum wire which has been tarted-up with a copper coating . The jaws are steel , also deceptively copper plated . The insulation on the wire is some cheesy substance that I suspect will crack and fall off within a few years . I would rate these three stars if they were sold as what they were , instead of pretending to a quality that they do n't possess . If you need a long set of jumper cables that will start your car , and you do n't expect them to last too long , these will probably do the job for you . If you expect quality components and a lifetime of service from the tools you buy , keep looking .
 Cables are crimped to the clamps . They should be soldered.These are fragile at best . So I 'm looking for a better setfor our work vans.Thanks
 These jumper cables are not very good . The wire is Aluminum and the battery clamps are poor quality -LRB- steel teeth on one side -RRB- . You really have move the clamps around on the battery post to get a good connection . The two times that I have had to use them I had to grab a DC current meter to check for current flow and then had to playwith the clamps to get a good connection . Best thing that can be done to this cable set is to cut the ends off and solder on a good set of jumper cable clamps from Napa . By the time you do that you could have just spent $ 100 on a much better set of jumper cables .
 Not sure why this product states a gatemouth or ridgid bottom ; the product I received has none of these features . The picture is accurate of what I received ; however , the description , and the majority of the reviews here are describing a previous/alternative version of this bag . A simple web search will reveal a photo of the actual `` gatemouth '' product -LRB- with a hinged top -RRB- , but i ca n't seem to find any venders on line offering that version of the bag . This is still decent bag , but probably not worth the $ 30 price tag . I 'll most likely RMA this product . Bummed ...
 Beware ! The item shipped was not that which was pictured . The `` GateMouth '' bag is a great bag which opens from the top with two pivot points , creating a wide mouth opening , hence the name GateMouth . However , the item shipped was the less expensive -LRB- generally sold for $ 22.50 -RRB- side opening bag . Not a good thing to do , substituting a cheaper product that does n't even look like the picture !
 This item works as advertised , as long as it is affixed to the floor with double sided tape . Otherwise , it slides forward every time you bump into it -LRB- defeats the purpose -RRB- . I bought this from Amazon along with parking blocks so that my daughter could get accustomed to parking her new car in the garage . While my daughter gets a chuckle when it lights up , the blocks provide much more effective parking assistance .
 I bought this because I thought it was a clever idea , inexpensive and was easily movable for different vehicles . Like so much junk made in China these days , it 's a good idea ruined by poor quality . My problem was that the lights refused to come on unless the pole was bent nearly horizontal . Pointless , since I would have to be drunk to drive that far over it , and I could n't see the lights anyway because they 'd be blocked by the hood . As the other reviewer said , you do n't really need the lights because it jiggles when you bump it , but I can achieve that with a length of string and a ping pong ball hanging from the ceiling .
 Product took three weeks for delivery . When it arrived the package appeared to be damaged and two parts were missing . The vendor could not replacement the parts nor the product in its entirety . The vendor referred me to the manufacturer for the parts . I have tried for over a month to obtain the missing parts with no luck . The only good aspcet of the whole unfornuate venture was that the vendor did credit my account for the purchase .
 This product works OK but -LSB- ... -RSB- sells one that is $ -LSB- ... -RSB- cheaper and better built . Also the base of this product is too light , necessitating taping it to the garage floor so that it does n't move when the car touches it . The Emerson product sold by Solutions works the same way but is much better built .
 This thing is really a piece of junk . First of all I bought two , and everything I am about to say applied to both of them .1 . The light does not flash when I hit it with my car -LRB- maybe 5 % of the time -RRB- .2 . It is extremely cheap and can break so easily .3 . The stand consists of two pieces that do not properly lock into each other , so when you are moving it , it pretty much falls apart .
 The base is too lightweight ; the wind has knocked this over when garage is opened on windy days , and it falls over every time it 's lightly bumped by a vehicle . This is too short to use with a pickup or SUV , even with it sitting on a raised step . This might work with a small car in an area with no wind , but do n't bump it .
 you get what ya pay for , this is a cheap piece of junk , light worked two times , even with several battery changes
 I removed the plastic tab to test the stop sign , but it failed to light up . I started to unscrew the battery compartment and it suddenly worked , but would not stop working . Again , playing with the screws on the battery compartment , it turned off . Bumping into the sign with my car a few times yielding &#34; hit and miss &#34; results -LRB- yes ... pun intended -RRB- . The couple of times the sign did light up , it tended to flash endlessly . As others have mentioned , you do n't really need the flashing sign to let you know you hit the post . In hindsight , I should have just done the old &#34; tennis ball on a rope &#34; trick . I hope this product was NOT made in the U.S. , as it would be too depressing to think we lack the brain power to design and manufacture such a basic product .
 There are several things I do n't like
 A few pieces of lightweight plastic pushedtogether . Other reviews have noted problemswith height . It is so light that the cartouching it will inch it across the floor.It needs some way to more permanently placeit -- right now I 'm using an axe head to giveit some mass .
 The item will light up when it is moved a certain amount . However , in tight spaces where it is critical that it alerts you as soon as your bumper touches it , it does not perform as advertised . It will generally alert you when it is moved abruptly or at least 4-5 inches . The old `` ball and string '' is more precise than this .
 I ordered two Park N Place . After assembly , one of them worked with a blinking light when bumped as advertised and one did n't . I e-mailed Park N Place customer service and informed them that one did not work . They e-mailed me back the same day and said they would send me a replacement . I have never received the replacement nor heard from them again .
 I was very disapointed with this . I put it together and pulled the tab to conect thebattery and the stop light would not stop blinking . With the stop light continuallyblinking it defeats the purpose . I returned it . I assume it was defective . I read the reviews on it before I bought it and it sounded like it was a great product . What I do n't understand is that once the batteries are put in , the lights start blinking . How can they not blink with the batteries in . It is impossible for them to go off and then go on when the pedestal is tapped with the front of your vehicle . I am preplexed as to how this product can possibly do what it says .
 The product arrived quickly and was easily put together . The light that was supposed to light up when touched did not work . I filed a complaint and it was answered very quickly . A replacement was shipped which works for the time being . For the cost i guess this is what you get . It now is serving the purpose but I am concerned it will not hold up .
 The rod base is nade of cheap plastic and your car bumper touchs it the base will move or fall . in conclusion , this product is unreliable .
 I meant to give this 5 STARS , not 1 . First make sure you follow the instructions for mounting the jig to your router table to ensure proper alignment of the fence to the table and the router bit . **** I can not stress this enough , follow the instructions EXACTLY **** I have only had this item for 3 days and at first felt intimidated by the design . However after trying to make a dovetail box I found it easy to use , just follow the directions . The box came out nearly perfect on the first try . Had I paid more attention to my alignment of the pieces the joints would have been perfect . Make sure that you understand and follow the instructions exactly . I highly recommend this to anyone who wishes to make perfect , beautiful dovetail joints . It is very accurate , fast and allows for repeatable settings without error . Make sure you have quality router bits as these joints are very , very tight . I had to use a hammer to seat the dovetails , they were so accurate.I also used this jig on my Ryobi BT3100 table saw to replace the original fence . The accuracy of the cuts were greatly improved . Excellent product .
 I spent several hours assembling this tool.I have spent several hours attempting to make the double dovetail joint . The first attempts were failures . I installed more lighting to help and tried once more . Another failure . I can , t make the tails with ant accuracy . I am returning this tool and hope for a refund.Also purchased the frued router bits and are happy with them.Incra ULTRA16SYS 16-Inch Jig Ultra Woodworking System
 Looked all over the web for the best price on this product -LRB- a gift -RRB- and found it here . Construction is strong and finish looks great . I ca n't give enough kudos for customer service . I inadvertently ordered the wrong color shade . Sent an email the next day and received a very prompt reply to fix before shipping !
 Although Irwin makes quality tools , this is not 1 of them!stationary pad is loose and will not tighten fully , will not tighten enough and after only a few simple use 's began to slip . I contacted Irwin and they promptly sent me a replacement without requiring me to return the old 1 -LRB- just had to send a picture prior to replacement -RRB- new 1 is only slightly better . I have the larger models and they are great .
 Bought this apron looking for something for shop use . Turns out its a bit short for the shop , and the pockets fill with sawdust . The neck loop is really uncomfortable even with empty pockets . About the only plus is the material quality . Duluth has a similar design with much better yoke straps .
 Note that I did n't buy this since I noticed right away that it had a NECK STRAP ! I 'm sure that is not a good thing once those measuring devices and tools accumulate in the convienient pockets of the bib along with the pencils.Actually , Bucket Brothers does offer a bib that uses suspenders -LRB- smart -RRB- rather than the neck strap that this model uses . Amazon DOES NOT offer the suspenders-version as far as I can tell.It 's called the `` Fire Hose '' model . I 'd suggest looking that up on the internet like I did since the neck strap is a non-starter ... I do n't want the neck strap digging-in and making me feel non-comfy in addition to my eye-protection , ear-protection and anti-dust equipment.Anyway , I 've ordered my FH equivalent of this from another internet source.Craig
 I purchased this hoping for the same quality that I had experienced with my &#34; Bucket Boss &#34; nail/tool pouch . The weight distribution is good but the quality of the sewing is very poor in the pockets . This one problem makes this purchase not good at all . The sewing started to come apart in the 2nd week of use . I use this everyday and am now looking at other brands.This may work well for you if you do n't do any work and carry nothing in it . If you need it to work for you long term forget it . Where are the products that last and do n't weigh a ton without tools ?
 The bib material is A OK but the quick release buckle was of very poor quality and will not stay closed . I am currently looking for another buckle that I can have someone with a heavy duty sewing machine will replace .
 I 'm sure this apron works great for some jobs . But if your job requires you to ever bend down , in any way shape or form , be prepared to dump all your tools on the floor . Hopefully at that moment you wo n't be working over let 's say a brand new hardwood floor.I was really excited when I first saw this apron and it is one step up from wearing a framing belt when your doing finish work ... but you must train yourself to hold onto EVERY tool when bending over . Maybe it did n't fit me well or something , but it did n't work for me . It now lives rolled up in the back of the truck.remodel finish carpenter
 I bought this apron and a couple others at Amazon and ended up returning all of them . On this model the neck is somewhat uncomfortable and the snap kind of cheap.I ended up going to Sears where they have either the waist double row apron and bib apron made out of heavy cotton canvas for $ 5.99 . The bib apron at Sears is all white .
 Drywall screws poke right through the fabric into my flesh . I tried putting a carpenter 's pencil in the pocket as in the picture , but it jabs me in the gut every time I bend over . Worse , and completely unforgivable , is the hammer loop . It wo n't hold itself open , and a rubberized hammer handle will stick to it , forcing you to use two hands to replace your hammer . That appears to be only a temporary inconvenience , though , since the fabric is unravelling and I figure I have about 40 hours longer until the loop completely disintegrates.I 'm going back to the old leather belt .
 Looked all over the web for the best price on this product -LRB- a gift -RRB- and found it here . Construction is strong and finish looks great . I ca n't give enough kudos for customer service . I inadvertently ordered the wrong color shade . Sent an email the next day and received a very prompt reply to fix before shipping !
 I have several original Quick-Grip Mini bar clamps that I bought in late '90s , early 2000 . On the original Quick-Grip Mini bar clamps , the two pads are very close to be parallel - the clamping force is therefore uniform ; as it should be.Now , today 's Quick-Grip bar clamp are made by Irwin and the quality is not the same . The two pads are not parallel anymore . The tips of the pads contact each other first - the clamping force is not uniform . I can not use them on my woodworking projects.The original Quick-Grip Mini bar clamps made by American Tool Companies in the USA were of high quality.Today 's Quick-Grip bar clamps are made by Irwin in China , they look similar to the original Quick-Grip , but the quality is just not there .
 This saw is quite a disappointment . After setup I cross-cut a square test piece and found that even though I got a clean 90 degree cut across the wood I did n't get a 90 degree cut down the wood . The guide bars and their mount are a few degrees off vertical . After taking the entire saw apart and reassembling 3 times - and having exactly the same problem - it became apparent there does n't appear to be any adjustment possible to correct this.Some other issues ; 1 . The base is n't flat , and this contributes to the above problem -LRB- but is n't solely responsible -RRB- . A straightedge rested across the base shows about a 1mm gap towards the middle of the table .2 . The one work-piece clamp tends to slide back up its mounting stud as the clamp is tightened onto the work .3 . The maximum cut height before the top part of the saw leaves its guide is about 1.5 inches . Any cut on material thicker than this will require the user to hand-hold the saw in a vertical position.Without the manufacturing defects the saw would have fitted my needs perfectly . The saw delivered to me is basically unusable .
 This is simply NOT a precision tool . It seems that their design and manufacturing is not conducive to consistent accuracy . My unit is also off 2 degrees in the vertical . The blade is allowed to wander between the vertical posts by design . As noted before , there are NO adjustments of any kind outside of the ability to lock down any angle via an allen screw . The clamp is awkward to use , moving it from one side to the other involves unscrewing and re-mounting a rod . Holding the blade above the work requires using tiny wingnuts that are , again , awkward to reach ... Buy the Nobex Proman or Champion - get a real tool !
 Same problem as others , miters are off enough to make precision cuts a frustrating process unless you are very nearsighted or have lots of wood putty to fill miter gaps . Operating a manual miter takes some finesse . But no matter how you handle this saw , grip it , adjust it , bend it , or stroke it , the saw refuses to cut a true vertical 90 , making this a unintended compound saw and the folks at Jorgensen do n't even charge extra for this ability , lol . Stanley is worse , and Nobex still reigns supreme . Thank God * someone * can make a decent miter saw ! There was a time Jorgensen saws were pretty accurate , but that time has past .
 Among the problems stated you see those `` V '' shaped guides that run on the two horizontal tubes ... There plastic and they break.I have had this piece of junk for several years I put it away some time ago . Yesterday I had one small piece of scribe mould to cut on site , dug out this saw and sure enough the front support broke and soon there after the rears let go to.Looks like a solid accurate saw its NOT!Don ' t buy it.Should be taken off the market Jorgensen has too good a name to have it associated with this kind of junk .
 I have to echo the other complaints given here . At first glance this looks like a high-precision piece of woodworking equipment . When you get it home however you find it does n't cut square -- in any direction . I tried cutting a 2x2 block at 90 degrees , it was off by about 2 degrees it both vertical and horizontal planes . The miters are off by the same amount as well . The saw provides no ability to fine tune the adjustments ; they are cast into the base . I also tried the compound model hoping it would be better -- it was worse . The blade flexes too much to cut a miter on the flat side of baseboard , and there is no support on the back of the table to miter baseboard standing up.I really did n't want a power saw , but I 'm afraid that is what I will need if I ca n't find a replacement . I will try Jorgensen first and see if they can help , otherwise the saw goes back .
 When I first got this saw , I liked it a whole lot . It cut very well . It could use a couple more clamps though . Then the handle broke , sort of just snapped in half . The handle appeared to to made of aluminum or maybe magnesium . I searched for days , then finnally found a number to call . They sent me a new handle which broke about a week later . I am very dissappointed and I will now buy another brand
 I agree with previous reviews . No accuracy and saw can not be adjusted . I can not find a web page for mfg. or a method of ordering a blade with a finer cut . The number for the blade is # 68081 , but where does one order the thing ?
 the saw started-out working fairly well , but the cuts are no longer perfect . it seems there 's too much play between the blade and the guides , because the cuts are NOT as perfect as they should be . or , it could be that the blade is too flimsy.if you 're cutting VERY thin wood , you 'll be fine . BUT , if there 's any thickness to it , or if it 's a hardwood , the cuts will not turn out perfectly.i 'm looking to contact jorgensen about this , but i ca n't find a website , phone number , or anything ... any help with contact information would be GREATLY appreciated !
 Not a bad piece of equipment of you want to cut hot butter . Blade is dull and I can not find a replacement . Will not cut accurately . Blade will bend or angle or both . Save your money !!!
 This saw is simply not , as its name implies
 This saw is hands down my worst DIY home woodworking equipment purchase . The whole assembly wobbles when sawing . Forget about getting a basic , straight vertical cut , let alone miters . Off by several degrees , not even close . Not adjustable . In my experience , cheap tools can often be made to do a decent job if you have sharp blades and spend the time to properly set them up . Not this one . Hours and hours wasted , not to mention materials . Do yourself a favor and get a proper tool to begin with . This one , well , it is going into the garbage bin .
 This saw is simply not , as its name implies
 the saw started-out working fairly well , but the cuts are no longer perfect . it seems there 's too much play between the blade and the guides , because the cuts are NOT as perfect as they should be . or , it could be that the blade is too flimsy.if you 're cutting VERY thin wood , you 'll be fine . BUT , if there 's any thickness to it , or if it 's a hardwood , the cuts will not turn out perfectly.i 'm looking to contact jorgensen about this , but i ca n't find a website , phone number , or anything ... any help with contact information would be GREATLY appreciated !
 This saw has no precision . You will get tapered cuts . I am having to bend the posts in order to get a decent 90 degree cut . UGH !! Not worth the effort !!!
 I recently purchased the Jorgensen precision miter box and it worked very well for cutting moldings . When cutting heavier material , however , the cuts were several degrees out of square . I am guessing the blade which came with the miter box has gotten dull and needs to be replaced . Unfortunately I can not find the 14TPI blade . A 24TPI blade which cuts metal is available and a longer blade for the professional model is available . Unless replacement blades can be easily located , I am sending the box back and expect to receive full credit.I will continue to look for a company address and the name of the CEO.If you know the address please list it for me .
 Wow ! Looks can be really deceiving . I started w / a 1 '' x 1 '' x 3/4 '' thick test piece to get acclamated w / this product . It took appx . 8 cuts to get a true 45 deg . angle cut . I had to use slow smooth strokes to get results . The saw blade will bend if you use to much force resulting in a slight bevel cut . After about 30 or so cuts the blade began to dull . No use trying to get better cuts as you go along . W / no replacement blade to be found i will just use this saw w / the metal cutting blade i ordered separate from this saw to cut lead trim for stained glass work . this trim is 3/4 '' wide by 1/4 '' thick and requires no precision cuts . Thats about all this saw is good for . sadly disappointed with this saw . I would not recomend this product for anything that requires a true mitre . Not a good buy .
 This mitre-saw is on sale in the UK under various `` brand '' names . It should really be sold in the Toys & Games section as I 've never achieved any straight cuts with it . Be prepared to make up for the money you save in buying it by having to buy more wood as you 'll be wasting a lot of it trying to get that elusive straight cut .
 All of the less than flattering reviews for the Jorgensen 64016 are correct . This miter saw does not live up to the manufacturer 's description as being a `` precision '' tool . If my results can be considered to be an accurate bench-mark for this miter saw 's capabilities , it should give very acceptable results when used to cut small , thin wood moldings , such as picture frame material , although it would probably be advisable to purchase a finer-toothed blade than the one that is shipped with the saw , thus avoiding any possible need for sanding after the cuts are made . The saw 's design , particularly the hold-down clamp , indicates that this saw is best used on small cross-section material.The Jorgensen 64016 is not at all accurate when used to cut common boards , such as 1x2 's , 1x3 's , or 1x4 's . The horizontal angle of the cut is acceptably what it should be -LRB- at least , good enough for my projects -RRB- , but the angle of the cut vertically down through the material is off by several degrees . Joining two common boards cut at 45 's looks very sloppy , indeed . As other reviewers have noted , there are no adjustment mechanisms built into the saw 's design to correct deviations from a true , vertical cut.The basic design flaw of this saw seems to be lack of adequate support for the rear-end of the blade in the vertical plane , which allows the blade to twist . Additionally , the tensioning barrel that holds the rear-end of the blade fits too loosely into its retaining hole in the handle , allowing even more blade twist . Saws made by a well-known Swedish manufacturer , on the other hand , support the blade rigidly at both ends.To get the best results possible , follow the manufacturer 's recommendation to tension the blade as tight as possible before use . I have added a shim made of thin aluminum to eliminate the `` slop '' in the tensioning barrel 's slot -LRB- manufactured a little too wide -RRB- , where the blade is held by the retaining pin ; this shim eliminates some of the blade twist . I have not yet attempted to solve the `` slop '' in the handle hole which accepts the tensioning barrel , but I do have one idea on how to approach the problem ; the solution would entail adding two , small setscrews and some precision drilling and tapping -LRB- drill press required -RRB- . If you will only be constructing small picture frames , this miter saw should work for you . If you will be working with larger cross-section material , buy a good power miter saw , and purchase a finish-cut blade for it .
 I make many picture frames , usually of exotic hardwoods , usually using a biscuit joiner , so I 'm always looking for something that will make the gluing process easier . I 'm very meticulous about measuring and cutting , so I * should * be able to get joints that butt correctly without gaps . But as others who do this kind of work know , even with perfect cuts , getting the joint set up to glue correctly is n't easy . Invariably , you think you 've got it clamped up juuuuust right , then come back after the glue 's set up to find gaping chasms between the pieces . This jig promises to make the process foolproof , but I found it does n't work very well , especially if you anticipate using it for a long time.The process
 Probably Ok for larger frames , but for small ones it has all kinds of problems . The plastic corner pieces are spaced too far apart or too close for precise fits . The first person that has $ 10 for this turkey can have it . Very disappointing .
 Using this to help assist me with building braces 4 encaustic supports . The center bracket assembly would get in the way makin this item totally useless
 This was a worthless purchase . There were small pin holes in various locations throughout the hose so it could not be used effectively . Also had difficulty fitting it over a one and one-half inch connection . Both the hose and the fitting were one and one-half inch items . It ended up in the garbage can . I would not recommend this item to anyone .
 I purchased the MK660K for a tile job at home . Normal ceramic wall tile . I was able to get a row cut for the base , then the circuit breaker popped . Checked voltage and all was good . I was plugged into a 20Amp in my garage . Motor breaker just pops everytime I try to turn it on . Judge for yourself .
 We returned the saw because the ad proported that it made a cut that was 2 '' deep . The outside of the box read 1 1/2 '' deep but the specs in the owners manual read 1 1/4 '' deep . We returned the saw for the larger saw .
 Anyone who says it is , is not qualified to rate it . For the average home Improvement specialist I am sure it will be just fine . For ripping 6x6 tiles this might be the saw for you . I bought the protractor to cut angle tiles and when on the left side of the blade it works great . HOWEVER if you need to use the right side of the table the knob on top of the protractor hits the motor mount and prevents you from cutting tile . For an extra $ 90 buy the Mk100 and 2x the horse power a 10 '' blade , free stand 14 '' diagonal rip capacity and Much more motor clearance.Cons : Will not rip a 12 '' tile DiagonallyWill bog down on some tilesThe accessories do not work well with the motor design .
 I bought three of the GE ECO quad tubes about 1 1/2 years ago to replace tubes from another manufacturer that burned out after about 6 years . All of the GE bulbs have gone dead . Laundry room is dark . I will not buy more of these pricey , short-life GE bulbs
 This bulb might be very good but I ordered the wrong one . This one has four pins and I needed the two pin one .
 They idiots who designed this energy saving device are total idiots . There 's no way to procure a replacement bulb that will fit . I ended up replacing the fixture with a reliable old fashioned bulb . They use more energy but they actually work .
 The `` quick snap '' connector for the side sprayer is ridiculously cheesy . Leaked like a sieve until I added 2 additional o-rings . Customer service and support was an exercise in aggravation . I eventually replaced it with a Moen faucet that looks almost identical . The Moen is superior in all respects .
 Just finished replacing this god awful leaky mess of a faucet . The handle and spout was never smooth operating and after two years snapped from the deck . The installation was overly complicated.After two failed Delta single-handle kitchen faucets we went with a two handle faucet . A BayPointe model # 623734 . The Baypointe was an easy install and operates smoothly SO FAR -LRB- installed april 28 , 07 -RRB- . Time will tell . It 's made in China by a chinese company . Finding American made products , unfortunately , is getting to be tough.My parents bought a Delta for their bathroom and in under a years time the chrome finish has turned a blotchy white . Ugly.My Moen is 30 yrs old and shiny as new . Never buy delta.I 'm currantly looking for a bathroom sink faucet where the aerator is 6 to 7 inches above the deck . So I can wash my hair under it .
 Always favored Bessey clamps over all the others I have , but one that I used maybe twice jamed so that it will not move up and down the bar . I called the 800 number and was told in essance that I had to send the clamp back to the factory for evaluation and if they found that it was not defective it would be returned . Being that the clamp was less than 6 months old I asked if they could send me a new one and I would return the defective one to them . They said ` no ' . Just seems like poor customer service to me .
 Frankly this clamp is not up to the quality one expects from bessey . Sure it is built like a tank . It does create a pretty good 90 % angle joint , the problem I have is that it really does n't work at all in a lot of cases . I found better solutions with strap clamps and k-body clamps in sets for cabinetry . I think I have used this clamp less than a dozen times in the past two years . Anyone want one slightly used -- cheap .
 The Bessey angle clamp requires that you align all edges and provide pressure -- all simultaneously -- while you tighten the one clamping handle . It is less convenient than corner clamps with two separate clamping handles to tighten separately . Their large surface area provides solid alignment , even if it also makes these clamps more appropriate for larger tasks -LRB- e.g. , over one foot per side -RRB- .
 this particular model is garbage , could not get a true 90 anytime I used them , the manufacturer is reputable but out of four of these clamps not one hase worked , pocket screws or biscuits are better
 I wasted money on this clamp because the description did n't mention the throat depth . I needed to clamp a 3 '' ear to the top of cabinet sides thus making the toe kick by overhanging the cabinet top . This clamp looked to be perfect , but the throat depth was about an inch shy . The side grabbers would n't reach past the ear to grasp the cabinet edge.The clamp would be OK for edge banding , but if you are doing anything else , be sure to check the required throat depth
 As a woodworking product developer and tool consultant -LRB- with more variety of clamps than perhaps anyone from here to Timbuktu -RRB- I can say securely I know whereof I speak
 First even though this is a wet/dry vac , amazon.com does not carry the accessories necessary to use as a wet vac . So , you 'll have to search around to find the wet filter and you probably wo n't find it easily.Second , the other Fein vacuums are much quieter . The Turbo II and Turbo II at 57 dB make 1/4 the noise of this one . Sure they are more expensive , but probably worth it.I wish I had saved all the packing before finding out that this is really just a basic well made DRY vac . Spend a little more and check out the other models from Fein .
 If you buy this tub you will be greatly disappointed at the drainage system and any help from Kohler . It is the cheapest piece of overpriced junk you could buy . Difficult to remove and replace stopper , 0-ring seals fail almost immediately . I suggest before installing it , purchase a separate drain setup from someone else.Trust me , any plumber will know about this . Also , before installing the tub leave it outside and spray water in it a couple of times and wait 2-3 days to see if any rust starts coming up through the porcelain . There are a number of problems with the factory getting the finish consistent . Do not install it if you see any rust spots , send it back immediately .
 I have owned two of these the 5.0 and 5.5 neither one lasted more than a month past the short warranty . They did work but they were n't idiot proof . Part of the problem was the switch on the face of the unit . How hard you pressed on the switch would affect its calibration for finding studs etc. . I would positively look elseware . I presently own a Stanley which is more accurate and longer lived .
 If Amazon.com 's software would allow a rating of `` No Stars '' this stud finder would get it!As the other writer pointed out , the switch on this thing is terrible . It is too sensitive . Also , you ca n't put this in your tool apron because the switch kicks on everytime it bumps something -LRB- even slightly -RRB- in there . This causes that annoying error tone.Finally , it is simply not accurate . When I first got it , I tested it . It did n't find studs where I knew there was one and it said there was one when I knew there was n't . I do n't trust it 's accuracy at all and I might as well throw it in the garbage because I do n't use this one anymore . I bought a different one and am much happier .
 I bought one , took it home and laughed like hell . The only stud it found was on an outside corner where I knew there was two together . According to this gadget , the studs in my apartment are at about 36 `` oc . I took mine back with the battery still in it . At least now it is worth something . I never did try it on the job . After all I specialize in satisfaction and this will not work . Chuck S. Anytime Home Repair
 When this product came out I was hopeful that it would be more useful than its predecessors . Unfortunately , it seems to have the same problems and limitations , specifically :1 . It is only accurate on single layer drywall covering wood frame construction with either no insulation , or batt insulation that does not have a foil face .2 . It does not work on surfaces such as lath & plaster , button board , or covered shear walls . -LRB- Surfaces that are present in most homes build pre 1960 -RRB- 3 . It appears too sensitive when locating electrical current in walls . This problem makes it impossible to locate studs if they are within a foot or so of electrical current , because the electrical ` alarm ' beeps until reset.Definately NOT a buy !
 It did work for awhile now it 's a joke . I 've had a few other Zircon tools and they just do n't perform . That means live long , work as intended . This trade has its hard knocks , and you 'd want to believe for the money you 'd get something that would last . I like 'd the comment `` 30 pictures '' I might do that in a day . I do trim and remodel , and ya got ta hit the stud , not the water pipe next to it -LRB- which makes the owner , plumber , painter , and general contractor REAL unhappy -RRB- . Still looking for the right tool . Glad we have a forum to tell folks about performance .
 I bought this and as others have mentioned 1 . It 's not very sturdy . The plastic switch plate on mine broke off leaving me pushing a little micro switch in the unit innards . -LRB- ah well maybe better than it beeping in my toolbox all of the time -RRB- 2 . Depending where you initially place the unit will depend on how sensitive it is . To use it you must first place it on the object -LRB- i.e wall -RRB- that you wish to scan and then turn it on . The unit appears to then calibrate to whatever is under it at the time . That is if you happen to place it over a stud and then switch it on , you will be lucky if you find anything . 3 . As for detecting AC field , yes it does , however in many cases it is just so vague that you get the impression the complete wall is electrified . Better to be safe then sorry ? 4 . Depending on how you hold it will determine how accurate the thing is ... really . your hand can have an impact on its sensitivity ... 5 . The surface you are scanning must be completely smooth . If you loose contact with the surface it beeps in error until you turn it off and on again -LRB- this is more annoying than you might think as it means you reset the unit and the calibration -RRB- I still use it because I am not ready to reinvest -LRB- read throw away more money -RRB- in another just yet . In its favor and to provide a balanced view . This is the first stud sensor I have ever used so can not compare it to others on the market . It does provide reasonable readings once you understand its quirks and has been a valuable tool for me -LRB- beats tapping the wall and listening -RRB- however bottom line I still do not fully trust it . Wait for the Mk II
 The scanner can not pierce 1 '' plaster walls with metal lathe to find studs - period ! It may see AC but does not pin down the location to ensure clearing the cable . The main switch stopped working within 3 weeks of never finding a stud in these old walls . Still waiting for good technology .
 I purchased this for a birtday present , what a yellow elephant that was . Having purchased it a few months before a birthday and then trying and retrying batteries and tactics for a few months added up to the warranty period with a piece of equipment that NEVER functioned as marketed . On 1/2 '' drywall during a full moon it can find two studs and then fall out of calibration . If you are even trying to mark off a few studs for something as simple as a shelf mount you will go nuts , starting and restarting and getting false alarms , no matter how tightly you hold it to the wall . On plaster and lathe it is utterely useless and it would n't find a wire if you duct taped it to a high voltage tranmission line ! I emailed and then wrote the company , even offering in both letters to pay for service because I knew it was past the warranty period and they did not even respond . I replaced the gift with a model that is very reliable but featureless . I keep this one to show all of my friends , many of which are contractors , so that they can avoid this machine .
 The feature for locating hot wires is poorly detailed on the outside of the packaging . Once you open the package , you discover that , due to static electricity , it detects the wires + \ - 12 '' . I can do that by guessing . Another problem is it continues to turn its self on in the truck . All you have to do is breathe on the very sensitive switch .
 Keeps on giving you flashing alarms at the slightest bump you come across .
 I received product quickly and thru some personal issues could not install for quite a while . When I finally got counter installed from Home Depot I was able to install sink . It fit the hole fine , but the underside of the sink was curved from the baking process when manufactured . I had to grind the high spots down and use extra caulking to make it work . Both my contractor and plumber told me I should have just returned it . If I had my project would have been further delayed . I feel like I got a `` Second '' or `` Re-ject '' sink . In the end I was able to make it work , but for the money ... poor quality or bad inspection ...
 These clamps are very disappointing -LRB- and dangerous -RRB- when using with small items . The yellow tips rotate and flex losing grip on any small items with great force . This breaks the item and causes great potential for injuring yourself in the process . . I keep them around for flat wood sheets and basic items but do NOT buy these for small projects .
 I was disappointed when I recieved them . I did n't know that the tips rotated and I needed solid tips .
 these 1 handed clamps are great in the shop , a real must have . They do n't have the gripping or holding power as the screw types but for most jobs they work great . Most of the time I position the pieces together with one hand holding the work and the other putting the quick clamp on to hold it secure enough to install the heavy duty clamps if need be . There are several compaines who sell 1 handed clamps , Irwin is just one of them . Irwin , however , will not get any more of my money as they are one of the `` sneeky '' compaines . I saw the 20/20 show about compaines who use sneeky tacticts and fine print to `` weed out '' their rebate forms . They try to deter as many as possible from reciving their advertised sales/rebates so they can make more profit . Well Irwin is one of those companies.My suggestion is yes purchase several of these clamps just do n't buy them from Irwin .
 The clamp looks great until you start look closer at it . If you look at the lower jaw you will notice that the hole for the hand screw is usually not drilled staight or in the center . When the screw is not straight it can cause the work to misalign as you tighten it or if it 's not drilled in the center , can weaken the clamp . I still like the clamps but when I buy them I go to the store and inspect each one I buy . I do n't mind spending extra for quality tools but I think Bessey can do better than this .
 The first day , I used my clap , one of them broke and I dont know how to get ahold of anybody . I called Bessey and they may help me . I dont knowI am not happy
 I am a handyman / residential contractor / woodworker . I own several Irwin QuickGrip clamps in various lengths from 10 '' to 36 '' . I use them on occasion but , because other clamps I own I perfer , the Irwins get only light use.I have found the 12 '' size is useful as an `` extra hand '' during the temporary positioning and holding of piece work . For example , the short versions are OK for holding boards down for sawing , or checking clearences in a partially constructed assembly.But , as a class , I have found these clamps to have weak clamping power . I do n't believe they can squeese much more than 40 pounds before the head slips on the smooth rail . The result is I ca n't use them for two common tasks I have
 I have read somewhere else -LRB- I do n't remember where -RRB- that this drill overheats . I did not really trusted that review since I had great considereation for bosch -LRB- I still do -RRB- . I went ahead and bought the drill . I have used the drill to make 3 inches long holes thru concrete in percussion mode . However , at each 1/2 inch interval , I would stop -LRB- 1-2 minutes -RRB- to cool down the expensive masonry bit . I would only drill 3-4 holes in a day . In the third day of drilling , the drill overheated and stop functioning . I am assuming that the excessive heat has melted the protective cover on the copper windings , resulting in an internal short circuit . I will take it back to the store where I bought it . I hope for bosch that mine opinion and the other I previously read are a result of just two isolated incidents .
 What 's the saying ? Three strikes , you 're out ? Well , this is the 3rd time this drill has died on us . The first one was under warranty and died during light use . The replacement died out of warranty , also under light-moderate use but we were able to get it repaired . This time , I 'd just started drilling holes in to brick and after breaking two bit tips , the drill just died . It had been running for less than 2 minutes with breaks for cool down . There was n't any telling smell of burnt motor , so its probably another electronic problem . I was able to finish the holes lickety-split with a small 3/8 corded drill.There are some serious design flaws in this equipment . Worked great for serious wood drills , but we wo n't be repairing it again . It 's clearly undependable .
 I purchased this 1191VSR SR # 981002032 and it stopped in the middle of my drilling a hole in wood ! It is only about 2 years old , moderate use , kept in the case , clean and dust free . I called the product recall line , it is not on recall . Then I was told I could talk to a technician . Ok , first , I was on hold too long with the product recall line , not a good sign . If you have to be on hold that long on a product recall line because the operators are busy then their products are not worth buying . Never again will I buy a Bosch product . I have a Hitachi drill and have owned it for at least seven years . It still works and better than this Bosch thing . Do n't waste your money on this Bosch drill ! Oh , and my mistake , I did not register the product , so basically I was told , oh well . If your product is the best people can buy , then you stand by your product and you do n't give them the run around . Again , I am never buying anything from Bosch again.Cynthia B , Plant City Florida
 I purchased this saw believing it was made in the USA . The technical data provided by Amazon states the country of manufacture as being the US . I was very dissapointed when the product arrived and found `` Made In Taiwan '' on the box . I called Milwaukee and was told the US made miter saw , model # 6494 , had been discontinued and that the -6 on the end of the model number denotes made in Taiwan . I decided to keep the saw despite this issue , if the quality seemed good . Overall , the saw appeared well made . However I was dissapointed to find a crack in the aluminum base in an area where the casting was quite thin . Needless to say the saw is being returned , and I am shopping for a different brand .
 I recently purchased the Bosch 1005VSRK drill . I have a Bosch jig saw and am very happy with it . I figured the drill would be the same quality as the jig saw . Wrong ! When I tested my new drill I found that about 50 % of the time it would start smoothly and slowly as a variable speed drill should . I found that the other 50 % of the time the drill would hesitate then suddenly start up with quite a bit of torque and the speed would be fast . There seemed to be no way of knowing which way the drill would start which is a pain if you 're trying to start a hole in a very precise place . I was very unhappy with it , and returned it right away . I then did what I should have done in the first place . I bought a Milwaukee 3/8 '' Magnum variable speed drill . I am extremely pleased with it.In regard to the Bosch drill I 've learned that this unit is made in Malaysia , and it does n't seem to be up to Bosch standards . When it comes to this tool you better pass this dog up .
 I bought this as I was very impressed with their jig saw , which I have had for 3 years . This drill is a very weak product and I would not recommmend it for anything other then extremely light use . I am contractor and this tool was getting lots of use for fast , light drilling jobs . For the heavy jobs we use our 1/2 '' milwaukee . After three months the internal reduction gear stripped while drilling a 3/4 '' hole -LRB- this drill is specified to handle up to a 1 '' wood hole -RRB- . I considered it bad luck and replaced the gear for $ ... 3 months later the cord shorted out where it enters the drill . Again changed same and then 2 months later the chuck broke . I was very disappointed with this drill .
 I bought this drill after my old Makita was stolen . I thought it would be made in either the U.S. or Germany -- Malaysia is not in Germany . This tool is a piece of JUNK . It is loud , but does not have any power . I have since bought a Milwakee , and the Bosch sits on the shelf gathering dust . Do n't waste your money .
 This tool only fits demolition hammers as it has a 1 1/8 '' shank . Will not fit SDS or SDS Max hammers .
 Works well in collecting the dust , but it has a sharp plastic `` backbone '' in the thing that chewed through after only minor abrasion . That is why I am giving it a 2 . Best advise would be to wrap the plastic in tape to prevent abrasion tear through of the bag .
 unit has ample power and everything seemed ok ?? until cheap plastic , plug in switch , popped out . End has 2 prong with lip like something for a wiring harness ? when it pops out its junked have to send to factory to get fixed . whoever designed that switch is a dummy . Thats is by far the cheapest on off switch I have ever seen . Next grinder will have old style trigger switch , unless of course they stopped making that way because , they were too good ?? Pathetic design flaw . it is now in the trash can
 DO NOT BUY this clamp if you have newer Milwaukee miter saws . I have a 6955-20 SCMC and this clamp WILL NOT WORK with it . In fact there is no clamp designed for 6955-20 -LRB- and I 'm guessing 6950-20 since it appears to be the same saw only without the slider -RRB- . I spoke to a Milwaukee rep and he said the new saws were designed without the ability to use clamps -LRB- according to him per contractor feedback , which I find hard to believe - I have yet to meet a professional that would not like an option to use a clamp on a miter saw -RRB- . The two holes behind the fence are very misleading . No one knows what they are for or why they are there at all . Also Amazon 's description says - `` Works with all Milwaukee miter saws '' . That is false . I bet I 'm not the first one who spent $ 80 on a pair of these clamps and has to return them and be out the shipping charges . Very disappointed in Milwaukee . And Amazon should correct the description to which saws this clamp actually works for -LRB- or at least take down `` Works with all Milwaukee miter saws '' -RRB- .
 I got a hold of Bosch 's miter saw clamp , PN MS1226 BOSCH MS1226 Vertical Quick Clamp for 4412 4410 5412 L 4410L Miter Saws , and found that it works great with this saw ! The design of the Bosch clamp is such that the vertical post of the clamp is knurled to prevent it from slipping in the vertical hole of the saw base . The clamp also features a quick-release clamping handle that makes it very easy to engage and disengage . To use the MS1226 clamp with the Milwaukee 6955-20 , you simply drop the clamp 's vertical post into the hole on the base of the saw , let the clamping pad sit on the material being cut , push down on the clamping handle to lock it in place , and cut . Pull up on the clamping handle to release . Too bad Milwaukee does n't sell a material clamp , but you can buy the Bosch MS1226 for about $ 20 .
 Milwaukee , when do you plan on making a vice assembly for the 6955-20 ? I just bought that saw from you and would like to have a compatable vice/hold down material assembly .
 Requires drivers that are on floppy disk , first . You have to use them because the are not on the manufactures web site . Difficult to install . Worked for a few days then stopped . Do not use with a notebook that you disconnect often as you have to shut print spooler off and reboot if you are going to use another printer without a switcher . Then , after you decide to junk it you will find the software difficult to remove . Unitll you remove it your printer wo n't work even though you have the cable connected . Manual refers to a remove program that is not on the disk . Does n't show up in list of software installed . I only found it deep in the device manager -LRB- not the top level list -RRB- and then only because there was one driver with a question mark . The label of this driver had nothing in common with any of the labels on the device or drivers . It was just blind luck . Some of the documentation is dated 2001 so this appears to be very stale product -LRB- maybe floppies were popular back then -RRB- . I 'm sending mine back .
 I am stripping paint off concrete floors with aNorton Non-Woven Depressed Center Rapid Strip Discs , 4-1/2 '' Diameter , 5/8 '' -11 Arbor Hub , Grit Coarse -LRB- Pack of 1 -RRB- . I bought a 13-ampDEWALT D28115 Heavy-Duty 4-1/2 - Inch/5-Inch High Performance Grinder with Trigger Gripand it works great , but Dewalt does n't make a dust guard and I could n't get theBosch 18SG-5E 5-Inch Surface Grinding Guardto fit . This grinder was highly rated so I bought it.Unfortunately it bogs down constantly when I use it and is essentially worthless for any heavy duty grinding tasks . It might be great if you need a light-duty variable speed grinder but otherwise it 's a waste of money ; might as well just buy a cordless . Bosch does n't seem to make any 5 '' grinders over 10 amps.Also I found the switch to be inconveniently located and annoying to use .
 Whoa ! I 'm normally a Bosch tool fan - gots lots of 'em . This brand new one , however , decided to give me three 3/8 '' x 4 '' pilot holes in cured concrete , then two 5/8 '' holes , smoked the motor , and quit on me . All the appropriate precautions -LRB- water-cooled bit , moderate pressure , etc. -RRB- could not keep this Humpty-Dumpty together . Really disappointing . I pinged Bosch to see what they are willing to do about it since it 's over one year old and out of warranty . Will it be the end of my love affair with Bosch tools ???
 I bought this tool to remove tile in my shower . For a couple hours , it worked fantastic on the hammer function . But then it just stopped hammering . The chisel would vibrate mildly , but not enough to do any good . After moving it around at different angles and letting it run , it would occasionally start hammering again , but not for long , and it 's back in the mild vibration mode . It 's totally useless for the hammer function now -LRB- which was what I bought it for -RRB- , and I 've gotten only about two hours worth of use out of it . I 'll return it tomorrow , and I 'll probably upgrade to the next model up in hopes that it lasts a bit longer .
 I read the reviews about this product and I hope this functions better than Master heat gun . This product failed within 4 days of work !!!!!!! ... . I dont recommend it !!!!! ,
 I know every once in awhile you get a lemon , regardless of how good the reputation of a company . Well I got a lemon here . As soon as I recieved the heat gun I turned it on , I noticed a burning smell so I turned it off . The second time I tried to turn it on I would not turn on . Going to send this one back . I am not sure if I want to take another chance on this one or not .
 I am a former Union laborer , and I have done some demo in my day . This hammer while easy to use is ah , shall we say gutless , I mean this thing has no balls . If you only have a little bit to do , or your inside , it is better then a electric demo hammer , but do not even begin to think that this thing packs the same punch as a pneumatic hammer . But it is easier to use and much better inside for light work
 I am a contractor who uses a rotary hammer a few hours per week . I bought the Bosch 1 1/8 inch sdsplus rotohammer about 3 weeks ago , after a reconditioned and used milwaukee unit stopped hammering -LRB- after about three weeks -RRB- . I was pretty happy , at first.A few days ago , I checked out some of the reviews on here , and grew concerned about the chuck loosening up . Sure enough , when I checked it out , it moved about 1/2 to 3/4 of an inch with a 12 inch bit . I took it back.B.T.W. , I contacted Bosch , and they basically said that SDS-Plus hammers are n't designed for much chipping . I do chip alot , so I am probably going to take thier suggestion and get an SDS-Max hammer . I may still get a Bosch.If you are planning on buying this hammer for drilling , it is probably a great tool -LRB- and the case is very well organized -RRB- . If you plan on doing any chipping besides some very light chipping , I suggest getting an SDS-Max or spline drive . You may be disappointed in any SDS-Plus hammer .
 Poor quality again , January 25 , 2004Reviewer
 If you purchase the model 11236VS it will not be your last rotary hammer if you have my luck . I used the 11236 for 2 hours & the sds chuck was so sloppy I could n't believe it.The tool has great features , but the quality just is n't there . I spoke with a tool rental agency & was told never to use the 11236 for chipping.What ever the problem is I would hope Bosch will take corrective action .
 I loved my 11236VS SDS Rotary Hammer until I used it to mix thinset . I burned up the windings . White smoke now pillows from the drill . It was only the 5th time I 'd used it , but as it outside of one year it is no longer under warranty . Knew I should have bought a Hilti .
 Using it to break through 6 feet of rock ... . did ok but the handle feels cheap like its going to fall off and the darn thing just doesnt have the power i would like
 There are many corded drills out there to choose from but you ca n't go wrong with this one . Here 's a very solid , powerful machine which has stood the test of time both in my own work and in the market , and which continues to be a great buy at only $ 160 . It 's been a workhorse for me both as a hammer drill and in timber framing , driving large bits through thick timbers with no trouble . The auxiliary handle and the depth gauge are simple , strong , and easy to use . I only use a different drill when I need to do right-angle work . You can feel safe buying this quality Bosch tool .
 I am a contractor and have used this saw extensively the past 2 years . It replaced its predecessor but has not held up like the first . It 's been in the shop a few times for the quick change breaking , and now is having a motor problem that is going to need fixing . The variable speed has also stopped working . It 's been small items but they add up . The power has been more than ample , the disconnect cord is very useful , but I 'm not sure I 'm going to stick with Milwaukee this time .
 The temperature readings were off by 10 or more degrees . I was able to check it against a highly accurate and stable temperature standard and the instrument reading was n't even close . Not only is it inaccurate , it is also not precise . I allowed the instrument to stabilize for about 10 minutes and then checked the temperature against the standard ten times and got different reading each time . It also provided inaccurate ambient temperature readings that kept fluctuating . -LRB- I think the probe was the problem because with the probe removed the instrument read the correct ambient temperature without fluctuation -RRB- The continuity tester does not work in a reliable way . This instrument will kill you if you rely on it . It failed to provide a continuity sound 6 out of 10 times when touching the probes together . In fact unless you touched very specific parts of the probes together you get no sound . Fiddling with it showed that there appeared to be several large dead spots on both probes ! I have never seen that and ca n't imagine why that would be . The tips of the probes were equally unresponsive as the sides . When I did get a sound it was delayed , not instant.The `` select '' button does n't always work . Once it stops working you have to turn the instrument off and then back on . The select button will then work again for a while . Sometimes it does n't work right from the start and you have to turn the instrument off and back on until it works.When using the voltage tester I got different readings each time on the same stable source . The readings fluctuated non-stop and never stabilized like they do on my radio shack meter.If you need accurate reading this meter is not for you . My 12 dollar Radio Shack meter is more accurate and works much better than this piece of junk . Needless to say I am sending it back . I wanted something easier to use and more accurate than my 20 year old Radio Shack meter -LRB- which turns out to be quite a good meter when compared to this junk ! -RRB- . I guess I have no choice but to pay the money and buy a Fluke . By the way , I recently bought an 8 dollar analog meter from Ace Hardware when I did n't have access to my Radio Shack meter and it works better than this meter.I did n't test anything else because at this point I already decided to return the meter.Was this unit defective ? I have no idea . But I am never buying anything from this manufacturer again !
 I bought this multimetere ... i was happy when receveid the DT9602R ... but now i very angry.everything what i will try to check it 's half : - the power line 220V , the multimeter show 122V-the power line 110V , the multimeter show 66V - the battery 9V -LRB- new one -RRB- 4.86 V , i tried 3 batteries , also the battery the battery wich the multimetr comes.also iti is very difficult to measurament the temperature ... you have to wait to much.relly i dont ' t know what 's happend ...
 It may be a wonderful instrument , but the on-line specifications are not sufficient to know whether I could use it for my intended purpose.I want an instrument that I can use for vacuum tube circuits . Because of the high resistances used with vacuum circuits , if a volt meter draws significant current , it will disturb the circuit making it impossible to get accurate readings . That is why traditionally vacuum tube voltmeters -LRB- VTVMs -RRB- were used with vacuum tube circuits.It may be that this instruments has a high enough input impedance , but it is impossible to tell from the on-line specifications . Because the information is inadequate , I have given it a 1-star rating .
 Picture & description was 14-2 wire 100 ft but actually 10-2 50 ft. Am awaiting contact from their customer service . 3 weeks since being notified of customer service should contact me .
 Extremely disappointing product . It sorta works , but as other reviewers have noted , it absolutely does not fit my 6934 saw correctly . I ca n't tell if this is because the part of the fence that fits into the saw is crooked , or if the guides on the saw shoe are crooked . To be honest , I think it may be the latter . Either way , its a design failure . I expected better from Milwaukee .
 I had the same experience as G. Mealhouse . It is too wide for the slot on my Milwaukee circular saw . The problem seems to be that the metal-stamping process left several little ` nubs ' of metal along the edge . I will have to file them off.Until I can do that , though , I forced the thing into the slot -LRB- skinning a knuckle in the process -RRB- and used it , and it does the job nicely so long as you do n't want to rip anything wider than six inches . The measurements on the scale are accurate . I 'm sure I 'll be happy with it once I can modify it to fit properly.Update Dec. 2009
 It surprised me that my new Milwaukee 6390-21 circular saw did n't come with a rip fence . I mean , every carpenter needs this essential accessory . But I guess this all goes to achieving the right price point to be competitive . So I ordered the only rip fence Milwaukee offers for this saw . The calibration markings are pretty good , it is strong enough , and the range of extension -LRB- how large a rip you can make -RRB- is about average . The annoying thing is that it doens ' t fit very well . When you tighten the thumb screw to secure it in position for a specific size rip , three things happen . The action of the thumb screw against the calibrated shaft causes the adjustment to change slightly as you tighten it , so you always have to double check visually and do a check-cut before starting the rip . Most carpenters will do this as a matter of course . But the thumb screw also leaves little dimples in the shaft that make repeated adjustments of the same or similar size somewhat difficult because the tip of the thumb screw tries to home in on previous dimples . And third , the calibrated shaft cocks slightly , so the guide -LRB- that short part of the `` T '' that rides against the wood -RRB- is n't level , but at an angle of about ten to fifteen degrees . Depending on how you support the work piece , this angled guide can get caught and trip up your cut . The circular saw itself is such a fine piece of equipment that this misfitting accessory is very disappointing . Milwaukee ought to fix this ; it ai n't rocket science . Nonetheless , with a lot of care , you can make it work .
 Does not fit on the saw properly , the blade is too wide . Try one on the saw before you buy it .
 Milwaukee Tools makes great cases and often excellent tools but these are an exception . Carbon steel cutting blades dull quickly and chip if a nail is hit . They take about as much drill power as a regular hole saw and chew up batteries just as quickly.Problem with all these selfeed drill bits is that the lead in screw thread is a compromise , too fast for some wood and too slow for others . When it is too fast as with hard woods the bit jambs and then the drill spins in the opposite direction which is no fun with a 1/2 '' stud drill.For holes smaller than 1 '' I prefer the wood augers and for bigger holes the big gullet aggressive hole cutters like the Milwaukee Hawg and the Blue Boar -LRB- many more sizes than the Hawgs -RRB- make drilling faster and I get a lot more holes per battery charge . Actually use a 18v DeWalt 970 drill instead of the old stud drill most of the time .
 These bits are made in China yet there is absolutely no indication anywhere on the bit itself or the packaging of country of origin . I have seen individually packaged bits at Home Depot and some of them are made in USA and some of them are made in China . The USA ones have USA on the packaging and engraved on the bit . The Chinese ones have `` made in China '' in tiny print on the packaging and no marking whatsoever on the bit itself . The marking on the bit itself where it says the size is laser etched and NOT engraved like the USA ones . So , I know after this examination how to tell which of these bits are which . I do not buy Chinese made tools and certainly not expensive drill bits like these . The Chinese may make some things OK but in my experience tools are not one of those things . Buy Chinese metal and it will break on you and it is simply not safe to use . Real pros know what I am saying is true.I called Milwaukee on the phone to inquire as to why there was no country of origin on this set and they flat out lied to me and told me that the bits are made in the USA . I told this person that I have never seen a US made tool in my life that did not bear `` made in USA '' markings and that these bits have no such markings . I also told her that her information can not be correct as I have seen `` made in China '' on individual bits in Home Depot . These bits are simply too expensive to be made in China.Look elsewhere .
 The bit works well if in soft wood . When cutting through stud wall I find the bit getting stuck in the wall from the tear out on the back side of the stud . Once the spur in through the wood you need to apply a lot of pressure on the drill for the bit to cut through the stud . When cutting deep holes the cuttings making the bit hard to get it out of the drilled hole .
 I AM A FENCE CONTRACTOR IN SOUTH CAROLINA . I WORK WITH 4X4 'S , 4X6 'S , 6X6 'S DAILY . THIS IS A STRONG SAW AND IT CUT 'S 4X4 'S GOOD , -LRB- ONE PASS -RRB- , BUT 4X6 'S AND 6X6 'S YOU HAVE TO MAKE TWO PASSES AND THIS IS A HEAVY SAW WHEN YOU HAVE TO CUT 150 POST A SHOT . THE SHOE IS RIDICULOUS . MY SECOND WEEK WITH IT AND I 'VE ALREADY NOTICED IT 'S BENT . MILWAUKEE OWN 'S A LARGE AMOUNT OF MY TOOL BOX , BUT THIS SAW WOULD NOT HAVE MADE ME PURCHASE ALL THE OTHER GREAT TOOL 'S MILWAUKEE OFFER 'S . '' PUT SOME NEW SHOES ON THE BEAR ! ''
 I have bought and used a lot of tools in my day and this saw has to be the poorest designed saw ever . The height adjustment and steel shoe do not keep an setting or adjustment , I think the torque of the saw will even bend the steel shoe . I thought I could live with this problem but I ca n't . I have owned it too long to return it , is their a modification that can be made if so help . The only good thing about the saw is the name and power.How can I contact the manufacture directly . PS I wish I would of read the reviews before I bought .
 I am a general contractor with several framers . I bought this saw because of the 15 amp motor which is more than the big foot . The base plate on this saw is useless . It is mounted to the saw at the front with no mounting at the rear like most saws . It is so unstable it will never stay true . You can move the rear of the base plate with your hand up and down 1/2 '' with ease . My framers would destroy this saw in days . I made one cut and put it back in the box for return.I give this saw a 1 star , but I give the storage box 5 stars , very nice and sturdy . Some of the box design should have gone into the saw . Can I keep the box ?
 As a timber framer , I bought it to fill in between my Dewalt 8 1/4 '' and Makita 16 '' . The thing that came in my shiny red box is all but useless as a tool . Some part of me hopes to read that Milwaukee never made a 10 1/4 '' saw and that what I bought was a backstreet knock-off . As others have said , the saw can not be used for accurate deep cuts . If accuracy is not important , and your just looking for greater depth of cut , save some money and buy a cheap chainsaw . You will be happier with the results . I wish I had ponied up the money -LRB- about $ 465 -RRB- for the Makita 10 1/4 the first time around , but here I go now . If after reading this you are still interested in this saw , I 've got one for sale !
 No offense to Taiwainese folks , I 'm just big on domestic tools . Hey Amazon ! Your Technical Data link says USA for Coutry of Manufacture . -LRB- I 've noted in several instances of tools I know to be imported that the listing says they were made here . -RRB- The box , maybe but the saw was made in Taiwan . Maybe that was just the couple of these I 've seen and used and the rest are made here -LRB- doubt it -RRB- . Gave it two stars because even though it 's junk , it 's a Milwaukee and it 's powerful . Not accurate like everyone else has said . Buy a Big Foot !
 Do n't bother with this saw for long rips especially if they can be done with a smaller saw.I owned one of these years ago and hated it . The next 10 1/4 '' saw I had was -LRB- I think -RRB- a Skil and I was very happy with it , cutting a lot of 2 1/2 '' rips in tropical hardwoods , but its not made anymore.I was thinking of biting the bullet and buying one of the 220 volt German versions when a job came up where I had to have a 10 '' saw immediately so my choice was Milwaukee again or Makita . The Makita is only 12 amps so I foolishly bought two Milwaukees . What I had to do was make 4 60 ' long 45degree rips in Douglas Fir.These did have to be done from both sides because it was about a 4 1/2 '' cut . One did n't last the job and the other I gave up on on the next job trying to cut 4 30 ' 45degree rips , again in Douglas Fir . I finished the second job with a 7 1/4 '' Skil cutting in one pass .
 WE PURCHASED THIS SAW THROUGH AMAZON ON THE 5TH OF DECEMBER , OR THERE ABOUTS , AND STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED IT . AMAZON HAS BEEN WONDERFUL TRYING TO HELP US RESOLVE THIS , BUT AS TO THIS DAY , JANUARY 6 , 2009 , AND AFTER SENDING `` SENTIMENTAL COLLECTBLES '' AT LEAST 3 EMAILS ENQUIRING ABOUT THIS PRODUCT , ONE THROUGH AMAZON , WE HAVE HAD NO REPLY ! THEY HAVE CASHED OUR CREDIT CARD AND HAVE THE MONEY , BUT NO EXPLINATION AS TO WHERE THE SAW IS . AS SOON AS WE RECIEVE IT , OR OUR MONEY RETURNED , I WILL CORRECT THIS , BUT AS OF THIS TIME , I WOULD NOT PURCASE ANYTHING FROM `` SENTIMENTAL COLLECTABLES , '' ON AMAZON OR EBAY ... L GRACE
 My magnum was hardly used in the 6 months that I 've owned it . Hi-Low switch only drives drill when on Hi . Keyless chuck requires a gorilla to tighten bits . During light drilling of softwood , something snapped inside and the motor froze . Obviously something is critically wrong , so maybe I 've got the lemon . The local authorized dealer -LRB- referred to by corporate offices -RRB- claimed to be too busy with their rental service to repair the drill , and they wanted me to pay the shipping to have it serviced at another center which had no telephone or other contact . Corporate offices were business like and rude .
 I found that the chuck loosens itself during hammer drill operation , requiring frequent retightening . Personally , I would say the keyless chuck is not worth the extra money . The drill itself seems fine , and I wish I had the normal chuck .
 I am a DIYer out of the home that needed a hammerdrill for projects in my basement and brick exterior . I bought this as I thought Milwaukee was `` THE '' tool company . My friend was helping with some tapcon anchors in the basement and was using my very expensive hammerdrill . He criticized it 's lack of power and laughed a bit . Came back a few minutes later with a Dewalt hammerdrill . Big difference - much lighter , faster and it doesn ; t look so archaic . I returned the milwaukee and just borrow my friends drill now . I did some checking - the Dewalt is cheaper anyways .
 I bought this item ... March 29th 2001 . I used it for cutting 3/4 '' MDF . My last project was cutting 3/8 '' threaded rod , which was pretty soft . The unit was only used on weekends , never overloaded -LRB- it made light work of everything it did cut -RRB- and worked well for the most part . Without much explanation , the switch module packed up inbetween cuts of the threaded rod -LRB- i.e. it was not in use when it gave out , rather coming up to speed and suddenly it stopped working -RRB- . Got the usual run around at the repair shop - called Milwaukee and they agreed to cover cost of parts ... if I payed the labor ... which I agreed to do as I have been without the unit for 30 days now . I would not recommend this unit again - the motor it great , lots of power but you have to wonder why pay the extra dollars if components like the switch are going to give out with moderate use .
 Purchased approximately 6 months ago and have had opportunity to use on several occasions . Smooth running tool and orbital feature nice , but ... too difficult to see the blade while cutting . Base plate lacks a feature to slide back so that you can see and follow a cut-line .
 I originally ordered a perfectly made Toto sink , but it was too large and a smaller one was n't available , so I bought the Kohler Caxton . I immediately noticed what I could only describe as a pock marked bowl . Countless blemishes under the surface , which I believe were tiny air bubbles that rose to the surface while the sink was being fired . The sink was smooth , but the imperfections were noticeable in my lighting . I called Kohler to see if this was normal for their product , and was told that it was abnormal and shouldnt 've passed inspection , so I exchanged it for one of the same . Sure enough , the new one had the same markings.It 's a sink , so all I expect is that it is shaped correctly and the bowl is free of visual defects/imperfections . I 'm not a sink expert so I do n't know how difficult it is to get a flawless look , but Toto certainly got it right.Amazon was great with the free exchange , quick refund , and fast deliveries .
 We already have three Kohler 2209 Caxton sinks in our home , and we were ordering two more , these in Biscuit . One of the sinks arrived with two significant indentations in the sink bowl , which had to occur prior to firing in the kiln . Should have been caught before firing . Should have been caught after firing . Should have been caught before boxing . I had to send it back . Sent the other one back as well since it had minor pit blemishes in glaze of sink bowl as well . Wasted my time , wasted somebody 's shipping costs . Where is quality control ?
 I bought two Kohler K-2209 sinks . They both arrived broken - one in pieces and the other was chipped . Had to pay $ 13 more each to get locally .
 I thought that buying Milwaukee implied an American made tool . The Auger bits are made in Taiwan .
 The saw is o.k for small jobs , but under heavy loads -LRB- like cutting two studs apart that are nailed together -RRB- the motor binds and the motor begins to reek of electric overload . When you build 50 panelized homes a year and have to do some `` on site engineering '' quite often , this saw fails the test . I sold the saw to a home owner and bought a Porter Cable 11.5 amper ... By far a superior saw !!
 Horrible saw . Burnt out motor on first cut . Had to use older milwaukee w/4 .0 amp motor to finish cut ... which cut better and faster with the same blade . Very dissapointed . The older saws were -LRB- and still are -RRB- way better.No difference between orbital and recip settings . Purely a gimick.DO NOT BUY .
 This is THE recip saw , from the inventors of the tool , look at all the reviews on here . So why have I burnt 2 up in a year , and I 'm just a weekend warrior ? While it was working , it was sweet
 Recently I ordered a Milwaukee sawzall to replace my Porter Cable sawzall that had died after ten years of daily use as a remodeling contractor . I was perfectly happy with the Porter Cable , so I do n't know why I did n't stick with that brand . The tool arrived last Friday and was put to work Monday morning cutting up a roof that needed to be rebuilt . Within five minutes , the amount of smoke coming from that saw was such that my coworker went and grabbed a fire extinguisher . By the time he got back , the tool had died . One minute , shiny new saw , five minutes later , a smoking mass of melted sawzall . I got on the phone with Milwaukee . Their response
 I have always been a fan of Milwaukee products.I own several , so when this sawzall came out I just had to buy it.I dont use them everyday or for heavy construction mostly cutting thru 2x4 's I went thru 2 of these in a year . The first one lasted a few months and I used it about 20 times I thought I must just have gotten a bad one.I purchased another and it lasted 5 cutsand burned out.I now own the new 13 amp Bosch and could n't be more pleased . It vibrates but gets the job done and in the end thats what matters most because in my business time is money .
 Well , sad to report that these are not made like my grandads old metal case models at all . I bought a `` newer model after wanting more power and a rotating handle . Upon running the tool for less than 5 minutes , smoke appeared and the tool got very hot . So hot in fact that the collet that holds the blade could not be touched . The handle / grip area was also very hot . Apparently , theres a mechanical issue -LRB- friction -RRB- with the tool and as a result , generating lots of heat . The other things that I do not care for are the vibration under no load was -LRB- to me -RRB- excessive . My old one is smoother than this part Chinese made tool . This may be due to this issue in mine.THe switch also does not feel good to me . it feels tight and non ergonomic . The Orbital adjuster on mine was so hard to move . I had the tool runnning and had to use excessive force to move the slider.I do like the rotating handle . This seems very ergonomic for horizontal cuts.Despite the label stating that it is made in USA , that is only partially true . To my knowledge and , after talking to Milwaukee folks , it is only assembled here . All the sub-assemblies and components are made in China . I think some of the plastics are made here and that is about it . This is the norm these days . I always have to buy in threes to get one that works.I 'm not stating the tool is bad , only there seems to be a lack of process / quality control on these things.I have not even had a chance to use it yet . I really do not want to even get another after this , but , they are trying to get a repair ticket going . I think I am going to go with another brand that has higher quality controls in place . I think that I am going to have to TRY some different ones out in real world tests and then make a decision of which one is for me . Meanwhile it is back to `` Old Faithfull with a mere 4 amps of power and no orbital or rotating handle features but , every time I use it , it works time after time just like stuff used to back in the day .
 This is the first time I 've been moved to write a review . We have had three of these saws go bad in the past two weeks , and I 'm just disgusted . I do n't know if it is just the orbital model , or all the new Milwaukee sawzalls , but these things drop like flies on our site . We do remodelling projects with a small crew , and the Sawzalls and Skilsaws get the most use . At least the Skilsaws are still as good as they used to be -LRB- though I switched to the Bosch version -RRB- . I 'm thinking I need a Porter Cable or Bosch reciprocating saw to replace my burned out Milwaukee .
 Always seemed a little weak compared to other 14 '' chop saws I 've used on steel . If you look at the specs , the horsepower rating on the motor is n't what you 'll get from a competitor . And the clamp is hard to use , like other folks have commented . I 've had this saw for six or seven years and used it for a half dozen projects . A few weekends ago it ate a set of brushes . One good thing
 THE SWITCH IS A PROMISE OF GOING OUT , WHEN IT DOES IT IS IN THE ON POSITION . HAVENT BEEN ABLE TO FIND ONE . WOULD NOT BUY THIS SAW AGAIN , BAD TOOL .
 I bought this saw hoping to have the same reliability as the older models had . After 3 months of light use -LRB- first blade still -RRB- , the switch hung up is the on position . It had been stiching on more than once but finally died . I went to the repair shop for warranty work on the tech said it would not be the last switch i 'll put in this saw . He also said the saw is made by Ryobi . Buy the Makita instead .
 I have had this saw for about 5 months when I noticed a small crack on the left side of the arm -LRB- I have used 3 blades -RRB- . I contacted Milwaukee , of course you need to send it in for evaluation to see if it would fall under the warranty.I sent them some very clear pictures of the crack , explained it had not been moved since I took it out of the box and put it in the bench . Now I am left with the option of mailing it in , only to have them say `` not covered '' and then what , pay to get it shipped back ? After going to one of the big hardware stores I looked at 4 different saws on the shelf and WOW , I was shocked at how thin the casting was on the Milwaukee saw , I can see why it cracked compared to the much better engineered arms . Just like every other company the `` made in china '' stands for how can we make this item as cheap as possible and get away with it .
 I had a few bad experiences with this particular tool :1 -RRB- The first one I bought was leaking oil from its gear case , so back I go to the store to exchange it for another one . I 'm not too upset yet .2 -RRB- The exchanged one is not leaking oil and looks fine , until I try to use the enclosed spanner wrench to lock a grinding wheel to the spindle . It turns out that the spanner wrench does not fit the spindle , so back I go to the store to find the spanner wrench from the grinder I had just returned . The spanner wrench from the first grinder is fine so I exchange it for the defective one from the second grinder . I 'm getting a little upset at this point since I effectively have had two defective units in a row .3 -RRB- That night I use the grinder to cut through two small metal pipes , with the enclosed metal-cutting 1/4 '' wheel . Works well , but at some point I want to change wheels and find that I ca n't , because the wheel and locking nut have tightened themselves so much that the awkward spanning wrench can not loosen the nut . The wrench bends -LRB- with my hand pressure ! -RRB- and at this point I am so frustrated and afraid of breaking the whole unit by using any other tool to loosen the wheel , that I return to the store a third time , this time to return the unit altogether.I will not buy another one with this wheel locking arrangement and crappy wrench .
 I like my fasttrack system of shelves and hooks , but the specialized gadgets are a different matter . My fishing rod does n't fit in this at all as the reel is too big for the space between the holes and the pads . Odd that for a system that touts flexibility they 'd make such an inflexible gadget .
 This Milwaukee 4.5 '' gringer is the tool for me . I just trashed a couple of nonames gringers .
 Have had three lamps over past year . Unlike some other floor lamps I 've purchased , this lamp does NOT let you pull through the excess cord in the tubing through the base . This is quite an omission in terms of design.When assembling , there is a great deal of excess cord which needs to be carefully pushed down into the tube to give enough room to screw the poles onto each other and the base . What results is a lot of bunched up , twisted cords that have given me a few months , at best , of service.One lamp actually blew a bulb simply turning it on . The others smoked and sparked while in use . It 's obvious that the wiring is not very high-quality , and there 's absolutely no excuse for that even at a low price.While it has neat safety features such as tilt-protection -LRB- the unit will automatically shut off if tilted -RRB- , and an incredibly bright 300w bulb - I strongly recommended looking elsewhere for a floor lamp .
 I liked the lamp initially . I have a whole collection of cheap hallogen lamps and this one seems to be better made . However , the bulb burnt out on me after just 3 months , which is much less than what I usually experience . When I tried to change the bulb I realized the bulb is different than most hallogen bulbs . I have checked a number of stores , including home depot , and I have yet to find a replacement . Home Depot said they had never seen a bulb like that . I may have to replace the lamp just to get a new bulb . I do n't recommend this product .
 This is a cheap , poorly designed floor lamp . I ... threw it away as soon as I had it assembled . I never thought someone could make an ugly floor lamp , but American Light definitely succeeded in proving me wrong .
 This is it - the old workhorse that 's lit more starving college students ' dorm rooms than any other , I 'd imagine . This one comes with a 3 setting switch -LRB- hi/lo/off -RRB- instead of a variable dimmer ; and a chickenwire shatterguard covering the entire top of the lamp housing.Bear in mind that when you 're buying this , you 're buying the most wattage at the lowest price . Consequently the quality will be the lowest . The lamp I ordered arrived with its switch knob broken off completely , and the stem of the knob actually crumbled apart when I tried to fix it.P > I 've had these lamps last anywhere from 3 months to 4 years . The pros include extremely bright light and a low cost . The cons include glare , high energy consumption , low quality , and easy tip-over -LRB- dented my college diploma 's frame in an accident with one of these - it 's not just the lamp you 're endangering -RRB- . The bulb also becomes very , very hot in use and I would n't have this lamp within a mile of a young child for fear of a terrible accident.So , if you are on a budget and desire maximum wattage , here you go !
 These blades work only for wood and are not durable enough for demolition . Pick blades marked for wood with nails or metal cutting , which remain sharp five times longer
 I gave this 1 star because I did n't get to actualy use this blade ; it wo n't fit in my Porter Cable tool ... read on for explanation.I have an older model Porter Cable `` sawzall '' type tool -LSB- model 737 -RSB- with it 's `` quick change '' mechanism . Over the years , I have used various Milwaukee blades in this tool . I bought a set of these blades , item # 48-00-5021 , but found they would n't fit in my Porter Cable tool . I tried 3 of the 5 blades in the package . So I called `` Milwaukee Tool ... '' and asked them if there was a manufacturing change . They confirmed the newer `` AX '' and `` Torch '' blade models are indeed thicker and will NOT fit some older models of not only their sawzall . They still offer for sale blades that are slightly thinner ; so if you have an older recipricating saw , you 'll probably need the Milwaukee blade model `` 48-00-5031 '' . The `` newer '' blades are .062 thick ; `` older '' blades are .050 thick .
 sounded like these blades were exceptional , so I ordered a package . My experience is that they simply do n't cut . Thought maybe the first one was a factory defect , but worked through all of them and found that NONE of the blades in this pack cut . Tried them in my battery-powered recip , and in the 110 volt recip -- they do n't cut . The cheap blades that I got at Big Lots cut a LOT faster and more cleanly . So much for getting what you pay for .
 I 'll start by saying that this equipment will do what it is supposed to do - allow you to make repeatable , square cuts in material - once you have it set up and tuned.My problem with this table is what you do n't get for the money you spend . The engineering is pretty pathetic . Since it is meant to be used with a portable saw it stands to reason that many users will be taking this table to the jobsite . Working on that assumption why not design legs that will support the table securely . a wide stance tripod is a natural choice but this table sports four sockets for attaching lengths of 3/4 '' pipe . The pipe does n't even thread into the casting but into sleeves that pivot slightly in the oversized holes in the casting making the table `` walk '' . The chain vise will hold your work securely but is a pain to use . With a bit of forethought in the design phase and a few pennies more in materials the vise could have been made much more user-friendly . Fit and finish are what you would expect from an overseas product if you are pessimistic . I had to elongate some mounting holes with a file to get the saw to square up to the fence . Not a big deal but I expected more from Milwaukee . If this tool were available from harbor freight -LRB- look for a no-name version to arrive soon -RRB- it would probably cost $ 70 or $ 80 and would be well worth it , flaws and all . At $ 299 you are paying an enormous premium for some red paint and a Milwaukee sticker -LRB- the sticker is peeling off already -RRB- . I am keeping my table because I need it but I 'm giving it a tripod sub-base -LRB- I 'm borrowing the leg geometry from a Ridgid tri-stand -RRB- and will be redesigning the chain vise .
 The concept seems good . The ability to cut steel without all the problems of an abrasive cutoff saw , at a reasonable cost . Unfortunately , my unit arrived with multiple flaws . The band saw mounts to the pivot arm at a single point with a single bolt , which is normally the front `` T '' handle . The pivot arm appears to have been improperly cast or machined , so that the setup geometry as specified in the manual was impossible to obtain . I considered shims to effect a `` kluge , '' but then there remains the second major flaw . The single bolt attachment to the upper case of the saw is not rigid enough . The result is that a small lateral pressure on the saw handle deflects the blade as much as 1/8 inch . Granted , better than hand held , but not acceptable to me . A nice concept , flawed in execution . Returned .
 I got this table to allow me to use the portable as a stationary at home . I looked at all the reviews over and over . I found it on Grizzly just a few dollars cheaper . This is way overpriced in the 1st place . Then it is without the tools it is to have with it . Most of all there was not one pic of set of instructions as to how this this goes together.I bought it mainly for the name and the fact I found no other table out there . I found you can placed the band saw in a vise and hold and operate it that way and much cheaper . I will return itI also found that you could not use the saw in up right or vertical because the saw has to be mounted up side down so the table is not usable .
 Sept. 20,2001 Gentlemen on Aug. 3,2001 I ordered this blade package with the Milwaukee Sawzall as of this date I have not recieved this blade package . The order form I recieved with the saw stated the blade package would be shipped later at no additional shipping cost . When can I expect to recieve the blade package . Thank you.Charles Halpin
 we have been using this brand of bits for the past 8 years . the bits that i have purchased in the past 7 months have not met our expectations . they wear out after drilling ten holes . In the past they have lasted atleast 3 hundred holes . the set screws are wearing out a lot faster as well . They have lost their durability . I would like to continue using these bits , but we need the quality that milwaukee used to have .
 The reason these bits wear out so soon and do not hold up anymore is because now they are made overseas and with inferior material . This is with all products that used to be made in the USA and are now made overseas . The manufacturers find it cheaper to do this so they can expand their profits , but in doing so the sacrifice quality , customer loyalty , and the most important of all is another American worker is laid off .
 I keep reordering this lamp but they keep sending it without the shade.House of Troy DL20-WB 1 Light Wall Swing Lamp in Weathered Brass
 This spray paint is basically flat black for a metal product . It was more costly than Home Depot and it is readily available at quite a few stores , so an online purchase was not necessary .
 I thought I knew what oil rubbed bronze looked like , but I guess I was wrong . The color of this , like another reviewer said , is SO DARK , they might as well have called it oil rubbed black , there is n't a hint of bronze to it .
 Uhhh . I do n't know how it worked for so many people . This stuff is suuuppperrr sparkly . It looks like glitter . That 's not satin nickel if it 's so sparkly . Did not match my hardware at all .
 I normally love Rust-Oleum products . However , tried out this satin nickle paint - and is typical great Rust-Oleum quality - except it does n't look anything like satin nickle . After some research it appears there is only one product out there that will give a real satin nickle finish - and that company will not sell it to you unless you take a $ 2500 class . I would call this color - grey/gold metal flake . Yuck .
 I spraypainted some boat cleats that I purchased in order to decorate my son 's room with a nautical theme . I was n't thrilled with the color . To me it just looks like gold spraypaint , I did not notice any metallic quality in the sheen .
 First of all , the instructions that come with this lever are USELESS except for a couple of pictures . They are n't written in good English -LRB- `` alien wrench , '' for example -RRB- and they are not detailed at all.To Begin
 First of all , the instructions that come with this lever are USELESS except for a couple of pictures . They are n't written in good English -LRB- `` alien wrench , '' for example -RRB- and they are not detailed at all.To Begin
 This product -LRB- Cooper K6107 -RRB- is misrepresented as a 3-way switch , which implies SPDT -LRB- single-pole double-throw -RRB- . It is not . Rather , it is a single-pole single-throw switch -LRB- SPST -RRB- with a 120V trigger that activates the connection when it is off , but only in automatic mode . In a typical 3-way circuit with two travelers and a SPDT switch at the other end , the installation requires placing a jumper on the SPDT switch , which causes one of the travelers to be continuously connected regardless of the switch position . You can turn the light on and off manually or automatically with the motion sensor switch , and when it is set to automatic you can turn the light on with the other switch . -LRB- Flipping it activates the trigger . -RRB- However , if the K6107 is in manual mode and the light is off , you can not turn it on with the other switch , and if the light is on you can not turn it off with the other switch . Quote from installation instructions , `` Note
 It is very difficult to adjust it and just when we figured it out ... it broke ! Company would not replace it either , so much for that warranty ! And I see now it 's about $ 38 , when I got it , it was more like $ 58 ... man do I feel ripped off !!!
 You get what you pay for . The alignment guides are out of spec . My left is .505 . and the right is .5016 . That seems minor , but these guide are what make for perfect joints without sanding . There is a reason they are back ordered . They are just stamped metal . The templates are also very inaccurate . Plan on spending a lot of stock trying to get this jig set up correctly . Save your money , get the Leigh .
 Just completed a project using the PC 4212 Dovetail Jig . After working through the badley written manual and some scrap stock , I went to work making drowers . The project came out very well with only minor self induced problems . The 4212 is a well built tool and it turns out being very easy to use , in spite of the manual . I would have rated the 4212 5-stars if it was n't for poor router bit and the and the poor surface quality of the Templates . After making four drowers out of burch the bit is now unsuitable for use . Also , I is difficult to move the router smothly through the guied because of the rough texture of the templet . For the money the 4212 is a good buy .
 I like the size of the dovetail jig and it 's apparent possibiliities . However , I think that a DVD or Video explaining how to use it would be very helpful for a beginner . The language of the pamphlet is probably very good for one who understands all the vocabulary used in it but it is harder for a beginner - I am just trying to learn how to use the jig . A DVD would have helped me to use it very soon with confidence .
 Jan ' 2008I 'll preface this by saying this is the first DT jig I 've used . Everyone I know says that once you get it setup and use a dedicated router that it will product 100 's of perfect joints . I 'm hoping so.I was having a hard time getting it to produce a good half blind DT . Gave up after 2.5 hours and several feet of wood . Came back the next day looking for why and found the left offset guide was bad . The offset guide keeps the tail -LRB- vertical -RRB- board 1/2 '' to the right of the pin -LRB- horizontal -RRB- board . The two guide edges were not parrallel . A few wacks with a hammer in a metal vice got it close . Some masking tape took care of the rest . PC says the part is on backorder till JUNE !!! I have to wait 6 months to get a critical part?The next problem is the offset guide hold down mechanism which is one hex bolt . It does not force the guide edges to be 90 degrees to the template . In fact , when you tighten the bolt it puts clockwise pressure on the guide taking it out of square to the template . To correct this I used a machinists square against the template -RRB- to get it right . Easily doable but should have been in the instructions or used a better design . The PC tech I talked with suggested putting a washer under the bolt head to reduce the twisting action.The third issue is the template.The template is fastened to the face and unsupported in the back . using a Wixey angle guage I found it is slanted amlost 2 degrees to the back . A little bending fixed that.Also , the the template was bowed up in the middle of the front by 1/32 '' . I cautiously bent it back down in the middle . The other thing I think helped was to put hand pressure on the front MIDDLE of the template when tightening it 's fasterners -LRB- place boards under each end -RRB- . The manual shows and directs you to use hand pressure on the ends . Even worse it shows putting the pressure on the rear of the template which probably caused the slant to the rear . With these two changes I can seat a tail board right up to the template and have it level with the pin board - hurray !!! I 'm very close to getting a tight HB DT , expect to have it today . But I am not happy with having wasted so much time and a 6 month backorder for a defective part .
 It 's o.k. but the instructions need a lot of help . The pictures are good photos but with they way it is all assembled it 's all very hard to follow . I do n't know who is developing manuals these days but this one is not for the guy that 's new to dovetails . If this is a first time jig for you get a KELLER JIG , the video shows how simple this can be done .
 This should be simple to use but there is something either wrong with mine or the design of it . I must have cut 50 set up dovetails and I am still not happy with them . Seems like there is too much play in the setup stop .
 I also burned up a lot of wood trying to figure out why my pieces do not align after doing half blinds.I 'm making a upright chest for my daughter and the dvs are critical for the drawer construction.After a few days of running scrap , I ran the pieces for the drawer , all were off.I thought the same thing about the left guide and now have proof that I 'm not goofy.For the money , I think a lot of small things could improve the use of this DT jig . Bad design.I have a call in to porter , if they tell me about a backlog , I 'm sending this back to Amazon.Sorry I did n't see this review till I after I tried it .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000HGL59M Porter Cable 4216 Super Jig - Dovetail jig -LRB- 4215 With Mini Template KitThe Porter Cable 4200 series jigs are not as well thought out or as high quality as many would have you think ! Although , I am a newbie wood worker , I know there are certain gualities that all good tools should have . Unfortunately , this jig misses those points in some departments .1 -RRB- The aluminum templates or patterns for the dovetails are made of a soft low quality aluminum . The much lauded etched instructions in the top of my mini dovetail template were worn away or unreadable in a week from the rubbing of the plastic base on my router . This metal is so soft that a marking knife can shave pieces off ! 2 -RRB- Porter Cable does not provide any calibration instruments and marked scales for the jigs many adjustments . To adjust the depth of cut on your horizontal workpiece -LRB- how far the router bit will travel horizontally into the wood -RRB- two adjustment knobs to right and left on the base are used to move your template toward or away from you . With no way to easily measure were the template and associated set knobs are positioned realative to the workpiece , you must judge by looking at the set knobs distance from the jigs base or your templates position above the stock , in other words `` eyeball it '' . There is also no way to guage wether or not the left and right side set knob/screw are set for equal depths of cut ! PC advices you to simply hover directly over the template to judge its position , more easily said than done .3 -RRB- Adjustment knobs and clamping cams are made from cheap plastic . The threaded inserts are already turning inside the knobs and I expect the cams to wear very quickly .4 -RRB- Right and left positioning stops are adjusted separately with no calibration markings . Again you must `` eyeball it '' and hope you get it right .5 -RRB- If you have a heavy router you may want to improvise an additional support in front of your template to support both sides of the router base . Again , something not provided .6 -RRB- The instruction manual leaves something to be desired and makes no mention of a supplemental manual available online from PC.With regards to the lack of positional feedback on the jig , based upon pictures , reviews , and articles , these criticisms seem applicable to many dovetail jigs on the market , others pertain to the quality of manufacture . I can not attest to wether or not the materials quality issues are the rule or the exception.I have seen some pictures of a similiar Harbor Freight jig that may show some type rule for measuring horizontal positioning of the template . It might be worth checking out.I would return this jig but I have deadlines and do n't have the time or energy . Instead , I have ordered a six inch digital sliding guage to attach to a bar -LRB- added -RRB- connecting both sides my template under the base . This together with other mods should give me what I need . I hope!Others have written about pros of this jig . Just know that some of those praises should be taken with a grain of salt . Perhaps I have provided that salt and more knowlegde than I had in starting out.Good luck .
 I recently purchased this dovetail jig . The left offset guide used to make the half-blind dovetails is made by bending a piece of metal in a brake press . My offset guide was not bent square , which caused a lot of alignment problems with the pin board and tail board . Being this offset guide is so critical with alignment between the pin board and the tail board , I would not recommend this product . I hope I can find an after market offset guide to remedy this problem . I am trying to contact Porter Cable in hopes of a solution .
 The jig is on its way back to Amazon ! Looked nice outside of the box ... first I tried a trough dovetail , after 45 min of adjustments finally was able to cut a decent one.Next tried a half blind one ... first I noticed that the template was warped about 1/32 '' , second adjusting the template took about 8 hrs . ! finally again was able to cut a decent joint but not perfect.Next I tried a box joint , after two unsuccesful tries , I packed everything and sent it back.Now I will do what I should 've done in the first place and look for the best price on a LEIGH D4 !!
 I had used my father in laws jig before -LRB- not a Porter-Cable -RRB- and was very happy with the results . After a couple of practice runs to get familiar with it , I was off and running . When it came time for me to purchase a jig for myself I was planning on getting the same unit . Unfortunately I found this one on sale and had relatively good luck with Porter Cable before , so I purchased this instead . After 2 days of fiddling around with this thing I finally gave up and tossed it in my yard sale pile . The depth gauge for the router bit was off by a little over 1 \ 16 inch which can be adjusted out but you need to readjust it every time you change the templates.Why have the thing then ? I had to make a new base plate for my router to receive the bushings needed to guide you into the templates . The surface of the templets was very ruff and made it difficult to move the router across it will trying to cut your joints . The end result was a crude looking joint that looked like I did it with a chisel . The joints were tight in one area and loose in another . Even with making a few of the recommended adjustments I was never able to make anything close to what I would call a satisfactory joint . I 'm not looking for perfection here just something that I can be proud of when I 'm done . This unit could not provide that so I can only give it one star . Needless to say , I am very disappointed in Porter-Cable after making this purchase and would not recommend this thing at all .
 This seems like a good , solid dovetail jig . The fact it can take several different templates gives it some versatility . Working with it , the jig seems a bit clumsy to adjust , as I am used to working with a Keller jig on a router table.My main complaint is the fact that the half-blind dovetail template was completely warped and not useable . Will be sending that template back for a replacement .
 I used to think that Porter-Cable was valued and trusted brand . I grew up with Norm using Porter-Cable . So after researching Dovetail Jigs , I was pleased to find that this one was at a reasonable price and seemed highly rated . With some birthday money , I bought this jig . Fast forward a few months to when I open the box and start actually using the jig for drawers I am making for a dresser I am making for my daughter . The instructions are great , and the jig appears solidly made . The joints are all very tight , which I am actually ok with , but that 's not the real problem ... After making some through dovetails , which is actually a simple task , requiring only that you flip the template over to cut the pins and tails - I noticed that the drawers were high on one side and low on the other by about a 1/16th . After a careful check of all of my stock , and trying several things , I finally drew lines from the template onto stock and low and behold , the template is machined improperly . It appears to have shifted during production so that the centers of the pin side are offset from the tail side.So I call Porter-Cable service -LRB- which is Black and Decker , it turns out -RRB- . After arguing with the service rep about what is wrong , he agrees to send me a new template . Or so I thought . After a week with no template I call back . `` Oh , you need to send in the old template before we 'll send you another . '' Really ? Ok , so I send the template on the 10th of December -LRB- with a track on it -RRB- and they receive it on the 12th . I called them today , the 16th . `` Oh , we just ordered the new template for you - you 'll have it in 7 to 10 business days ! '' I truly believed that had I not called , they NEVER would have sent me the replacement . I am dismayed at this service . What happened to caring about the customer?To summarize
 Functionally this light was excellent new with a very strong beam . It was used only occasionally , and probably charged 2x per month . After a year the battery life was very poor and by 14 months it was not rechargeable at all . As with many Chinese produced items , I suspect the quality is highly variable .
 Junk ! when you need a new battery after about 5months you will find they do n't exist ! so you can throw your light and money away .
 After 4 months and 3 recharging cycles this spotlight has now failed to accept a new charge . As stated by others this is a poor spotlight , yes it is small and lighter than several others but if you ca n't charge it what good is it ?
 The web page says `` 1-Million Candle Power . '' However , the packaging and documentation just say `` 1-Million Power . '' Why would they omit the word `` Candle '' ? Perhaps because it 's not really one million candlepower ? Would you buy a car that 's advertised as having `` 500 Power ? '' I would have returned this on principle , but I did not have time . Seems to work well enough , but I doubt it 's really `` 1-Million Candle Power . ''
 I know , I know , I should have read the description better but hey , it says `` Porter Cable 4210 12 Inch Dovetail Jig '' . Not `` Porter Cable 4210 12 Inch half blind Dovetail jig '' . Anyone would assume you could do a full through Dove tail right ? Ok probably not but just be aware of that fact.If you do n't mind spending extra on full and mini full through dovetail jigs then the unit is well made .
 I have many other woodworking tools but this is the only one I can not figure out . I thought with a little practice I would soon be making tight fitting dovetails . This was not to be . I cut 20 feet of 1 x 4 's into 1 foot lengths and when I made the dovetail and and it did not ether fit or was loose . Then I would cut the ends of the board off and keep trying until the board was to short to cut dovetails and I would get another 1 foot board and and start again . I went through about 16 feet when my bit nicked one of the teeth and now the template is ruined and I have to buy a new one at $ 51 and still can not got it aligned right . The manual is very vague and there is no company video online . I sent an e-mail to the company but they never sent me a reply . I can cut dovetails by hand but I got this to make my work faster but it has been nothing but problems . If I had it to do over , I would have bought a cheap dovetail jig to learn how to use it .
 Ordered this jig about two weeks ago . When it came , it was missing all the accessories -LRB- shank carbide-tipped dovetail bit # 43776PC , template guide # 42040 , lock nut # 42237 and T-handle hex wrench -RRB- . Called Amazon and had them replace it . Today got the new unit and what do you know , it is missing again . Called PC and had them ship accessories to me separately -LRB- they confirmed that those accessories should be included -RRB- . Now more waiting ... But then again , what do you expect from a company that gets bought by Black & Decker . Besides , when the bit goes bad , I have no idea where to get a new one -LRB- 17/32 7 degrees -RRB- . Web search did n't produce any results . I guess PC chose those dimension so you could buy it only from them , but they forgot to actually distribute it . If you are going to buy it call Porter Cable first and have them ship the accessories to you .
 I recently bough Chamberlain Whisper Drive garage door opener . A few weeks after installation I noticed that my garage door started closing on its own , once after opening fully and once halfway . The third time it lowered on my car when I was backing out of the garage before I could react , causing over $ 1000 in damage . Fortunately , no one got hurt but it could have easily happened . I called Chamberlain and they put me through many steps involving disassembling the mechanism , sending them various parts at my expense , and so on . My previous door opener have n't done anything like that in 20 years . The whole process took weeks . In the end , Chamberlain sent me a letter saying that they have `` tested '' the device , found nothing wrong and consider the matter closed . The whole tone of the letter was dismissive . I do n't know what kind of testing this was , who did this and in what conditions . I do know that I saw the door close on its own several times . When giving me car damage estimate , my mechanic said that he had seen this many times and good luck getting anything from Chamberlain . I will never again buy anything made by Chamberlain . My impression is the company refuses to stand behind its products . With the kind of damage they can do this is too much risk to take . ''
 Suddenly 4 of us neighbors learned that our Liftmaster remotes were now nearly useless unless we stood against the garage door or went in a side door and held the remote controls to the lift unit . Liftmaster could not advise of a definite solution as they did not know of this problem . Really ? They advised me to have a service call to install new remotes , and receiver parts , which would be about the same as the purchase of a new unit . There was no way to know if it would work until the work was done . Neighbors with other brands are not having a problem . Liftmaster has no clear idea what would cause this in 4 units between 1-3 years old.Buy another brand and get a warranty .
 We bought a Chamberlain 32 days ago . Problems
 The product may work well -LRB- hard to tell , I 'm not able to get that far ... -RRB- , but anyone that does not install garage door openers for a living may have a hard time with the installation of this product . Without a good set of various tools and brawn , it is impossible to install this opener . I 'm 28 , female , and decently technically-minded . I can understand and follow instructions well.Other reviews indicate that the instructions are clear and complete . Close , but not quite . Do you know what a lock nut is ? Do you know how to assemble one to a bolt correctly ? Do n't look to the instructions for help . In addition , the instructions stress the need for two rigid angled pieces of metal in order to safely hang the unit from the ceiling . They are not included . The opener came with two rigid straight pieces - am I supposed to bend them myself ? I called tech support and they indicated that contrary to the instructions , I do n't actually need to have the angled metal pieces . You will need a hacksaw though , and some muscle in order to cut the metal pieces to the correct size.The instruction writers were a little sneaky as well - the necessity for a garage door reinforcement kit is not indicated until you get to one of the final steps of the installation process . After the frustration of the installation to get to that point , they probably expect that no one will undo their work and return the product . So , off to the store I went for a reinforcement kit . Lowe 's does n't carry one , so I followed the Lowe 's employee around the store while he assembled what I needed . I spent $ 35 on my own version of a reinforcement kit , which still is not completely installed , because the required bracket -LRB- provided with the opener -RRB- has pre-drilled bolt holes that are too wide for the center support on the door.I give up . I 'm calling a man ...
 My installation had to be postponed because there were bolts missing from the packing . I expected the necessary parts for proper installation to be provided by Chamberlain . Silly me ...
 Great door opener -- quiet and easy to install -- but Sears apparently feels compelled to stick it to the consumer at every turn . It was only after opening the box and taking inventory of the contents that the instructions mentioned that the opener in the box was only good for a 7 foot door . 8 and 10 foot doors require an extension kit -- a $ 75 + -LRB- including shipping -RRB- box that contains a metal rail and a longer belt . That kit is a rip-off , considering it adds 45 % to the original $ 180 cost of the basic opener . The basic opener also did not include brackets required to mount the system to a finished ceiling nor did it come with extenders required to mount the safety reversing electric eyes in most garages ... another `` accessory '' you can order from Sears -- for an additional charge , of course .
 Even after changing to a fresh lithium battery my remote only works while directly in front of the garage . My old Craftsman opener could work from two houses down the street . Customer service from Chamberlains horrible voice mail system is a joke . I 'm regretting this purchase .
 I have had this machine for a year and a half . The stupid thing was supposed to have a long warranty on the belt and parts.I started noticing it was closing and going back up . I thought it was the misaligned beams , but it was not.I noticed a black ring on the ground and did not know where it came from.Later the stupid thing would choke on itself.Come to find out after it would not close anymore the wheel that belt turned at the garage side broke . The stupid thing was made of plastic and the belt ate away at the bottom rim , so that was where the ring came from . It had chaffed away the bottom of the plastic wheel.My question is , what numbnutt would design a garage door opener with a part that obviously faces the most stress from cheap plastic ? The piece is so cheap , you could swear it belongs in your kids toy box . It chaffed away and the belt got chewed.Could they have spent an extra 3 bucks to have made it from aluminum , if that?The motor works fine , but the design is stupid and does not last . I had a contractor install it . I will never buy a belt driven garage door anymore . Who cares if it is quiet , you can still hear it opening from inside the house.Do not buy till they replace the plastic pully wheel on the other end of the garage door opener . I know a lot of people just bought it , but I have owned it for a year and a half . The customer service person was nice and sent me a new part , but a week later that one broke.So I am really mad . If they had made it of metal it would not have chaffed again even with the new belt .
 I purchased this in Dec 2007 for $ 199.99 - great price . Now just got around to put it up and Wow , the rail is only good for 7 ' doors . I had to shell out another $ 63 -LRB- part , tax , shipping -RRB- to Chamberlain to get the 8 ' accessory kit . That 's an additional 32 % over the original price ! And , the additional part is only an extra 1 ' piece of metal -LRB- rail -RRB- and a longer belt . The price for the add on is outrageous ! I can not attest to how this opener works , as I am awaiting the part so I can install it . However , the experience of having to spend 32 % more for this is a poor one and this was not a good buy in the end due to the added hidden cost ! I searched the Amazon description and nowhere was the 7 ' limitation mentioned ! Shame on Amazon for this ! FYI , Chamberlain sells 8 ' and 10 ' extension kits .
 Given the number of positive reviews here , i was very disappointed with this unit . The first unit I bought just flat out did not work . Chamberlain customer service sent me a new circuit board to replace the original and still no luck -LRB- 2 weeks now without a garage door opener -RRB- . They finally shipped me a whole new unit which did work so 4 weeks after installing the darn thing I finally had a door opener . However , since then I have had nothing but problems
 I owned this for about four years . The battery back-up lasted about a year until the battery went out and the unit beeped incessantly , which you could hear clearly inside the house . Replaced the battery , but the beeping did n't stop . Finally , we just removed the battery . Our last year with it was full of malfunctions also . First the lights went out , which is terribly inconvenient when coming home in the evening . You could hear the small tick noise we 'd normally hear , but the lights would n't come on -LRB- and yes we replaced the bulbs -RRB- . The last straw was a malfunction with the sensors ... it just would n't close anymore and indicated there was a wiring issue . We replaced all the wires and the sensors -LRB- which were in-stock and available at the local Lowes ... hmmmmm -RRB- , but we continued to get the same problem and same error . This was a horrible product that seems to have been built to break . Go with Genie .
 I purchased this opener for use on a double door . The unit was easy to install , easy to align , and the remotes and keyless entry are nice features . However , I am quite disappointed that the unit is extremely noisy . This replaced a chain drive unit that was noticeably quieter than the `` whisperdrive '' unit . The noise level of the door itself is not the issue , the noise that is infuriating is coming from the drive unit itself . Based on my experience I would n't pay the premium price for a Chamberlain unit in the future .
 The opener installed reasonably well . The price is reasonable , if I had not had problems -LRB- excessive noise and failure -RRB- . I had the opener for just over 6 months when it failed . I used the owner 's manual to isolate the failure to two possible options . I checked the warranty and it was only validate if you shipped the opener to the company without opening the cover . Not knowing how long this would take , I opened the cover and inspected the parts . I purchased -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- and installed the first possible repair option from the owner 's manual ; it did not repair the problem . The second option was going to be of a new opener , so I went and purchased another opener . Disappointed in it only lasting just over 6 months , and the noise is/was more than the new screw-drive opener that I purchased as a replacement .
 Shortly after this otherwise fine opener was installed , the light SOCKET failed . Specifically -- and to my amazement for a product made in the 21st century -- the metal contact for the bulb is made of such soft metal that it soon bends down too far to maintain contact.Soon I had to make weekly trips up my ladder , unplug the unit and open it , take the bulb out , and pry the contact back upward with a flathead screwdriver . -LRB- Chamberlain even has a webpage devoted to this , -LSB- ... -RSB- so apparently it happens a lot ! -RRB- I called customer service , but all they did was offer to take more of my money for a replacement socket ! Would n't it be easier , with a product that is typically $ 150-200 , simply to buy a better , NON-CHAMBERLAIN opener ? Heck yes!I can not say how disappointed I am in this product . Chamberlain does the hard stuff well , like making a quiet opener , but they blew it on the easy stuff , like having a competent light-bulb socket and decent customer service policies . Never buy a Chamberlain again .
 Took out a 5 year-old screw drive because it is under my son 's bedroom and just too darn noisy . Researched like crazy to make sure that this one was quieter . Installed it . Had to use extension kit because I have an 8 foot door . Not happy that the steel track is 5 pieces jammed together . I can see how the motor flexes that steel when the door opens and that is SURE to make the opener noisy . Might see about putting a spot of weld on each joint to stiffen that up . Beyond that , I wrapped all the steel bracing with foam pipe insulation to further dampen noise and vibration transmission . Went so far as to replace steel door wheels with nylon and grease all fittings.My main complaints
 If you have an 8 foot door you will end up having to buy an extension kit which will end up costing you another $ 50 + and shipping and not get credited back for the useless belt and rail that actually came with it . No where does it say for a 7 ' door only ... . Very discouraging and tempted to just send the whole mess back .
 No issues with installation . Instructions could have been a little clearer in a couple of areas -LRB- especially around installing the belt -RRB- but no issues . I was putting the finishing touches on the opener by putting the light covers on . One of the light covers was deformed - it appears the mold was just a little off . Difficult to attach but I did n't feel like tearing everything down to return it for something that would n't affect the functionality.I have now had this opener for a couple of months and while it opens the garage door one of the lights went out . Along with the whisper operation the lights were my second most important criteria for purchasing this unit . I work a lot in the garage and need light . Reviewed the return policy and I can return it for a partial return and I have to spring for shipping . Not a happy customer ...
 For the same price you can buy at Home Depot the unit that comes with the Lightning remote for your house and Motion sensor . . I am disappointment .
 If you are reading this review then like you i was on the fence about which garage door opener to go with . You 've done your research and its narrowed down to a few , and now here you are . The Chamberlain Whisper Quite . The Whisper part must be from the absence of support for this product and a clear indication of the manufacturers confidence in its own product . Right out of the box this opener failed me , it was working with no issues for no more than 2 days then the logic board or Motor died . I proceeded to reach out to chamberlain for assistance , at first i thought i was getting somewhere , i received an email and then i proceeded to call , again it appeared things were moving in the right direction . Well thats as far as my support went , first i a bad agent who had no knowledge of my issue , then a blind transfer to automated answering and then the final insult the hangup . Never again my business will not go to chamberlain . Look elsewhere , as consumers we conform to this type of treatment from the company that sell us products that they fail to stand behind and yet we continue to give away our hard earned money . Stop the cycle and make a better choice an informed choice . Chamberlain is not that choice .
 I purchased the Chamberlain `` Whisper Drive '' opener one year ago . From the beginning I had multiple problems that their customer service could n't or would n't resolve . First , the wall unit was defective . The up-down button would activate mysteriously , perhaps from vibrations from the house . A day or two after installation , the door began going up and down repeatedly without having been activated . One morning I went into the garage and the door had opened some time during the night leaving us vulnerable to thieves . I fixed the problem by soldering a wire into the wall unit and installing a separate doorbell push button switch for manual opening and closing . The second problem was with the remote controllers . I have a driveway that slopes down into my garage . During the winter it can get slippery with snow or ice . So I need to be able to open the door while I 'm still on the street -LRB- at least 30 feet away -RRB- . Because of the poor distance range on the remotes , I had to get to within just a couple of feet of the door to open it . I had to fix this design deficiency by building my own antenna extender from coaxial cable and copper tubing and connecting it to the control board inside the opener . Unless you have a degree in electronics and a lot of spare time on your hands , I do n't recommend purchasing this opener .
 This product is intended for installation at 120volts , the cost of a step down voltage converter for operation in the uk is virtually the same as buying the product . It should therefore not be offered on the uk market . I have been in touch with chamberlain USA and they are not particulary helpful in that they do not ship to countries with a different voltage.I would be pleased to know what Amazon Export Sales Inc intend doing , the unit cost me 218.78 in total and thus far it has been a waste of money.Peter
 This opener does n't work with smaller , one-car garages , so I ca n't really tell how it works . had to return !
 Do not include the required hardware to completely install.Instructions a TerribleSlow and Expensive Opener
 Update to paragraphs below
 We purchased this in Mar - 2011 , shortly after install we had issues with it closing properly , we were able to force it to close by holding the button down until it was shut.It is now June 21 , 2011 and we have been using the opener for 2 months and it quit working . We performed all the correct troubleshooting only to discover that the RPM sensor -LRB- the MOTOR really as it is included in the motor assembly -RRB- must be replaced . I called Chamberlain no less than 4 times , the first three got lost in the phone tree as the option I wanted was never really presented -LRB- press 4 , then get to tip line - no option to get to a human as the INSTRUCTION book says you must do -RRB- . The last time I sat on hold for 31:49 only to be asked to go through the exact steps I went through last night when the opener would n't work ... to be told that the RPM sensor -LRB- MOTOR -RRB- must be replaced . Better yet , I find out I have to install the new motor ... hmmm ... I like to think I can do anything but ... I am not a motor head . So now , I must uninstall the & * ^ % thing , attempt to replace the motor and reinstall.Bottom line , not only is the opener garbage but so is customer service .
 I 'VE HAD THIS SAW FOR SEVERAL YEARS . I LOVE THE SAW . VERY HANDY , ESPECIALLY FOR CONDUIT WORK.THE BATTERIES ARE USELESS . SHORT LIFE , WO N'T HOLD A CHARGE.IT WAS TIME TO REPLACE BATTERIES , AGAIN . FIRST I THOUGHT I WOULD WAIT , HOPING STOUT WOULD CATCH UP WITH THE REST OF THE WORLD AND GO LITHIUM ION . THEN I THOUGHT AT $ 69 . EACH FOR NI-CAD , LI-ON WOULD BE EVEN MORE . PLUS THE COST OF A DIFFERENT CHARGER.I 'M GOING TO SPEND A LITTLE MORE AND BUY A LIGHT WEIGHT CORDED SAW . NEED POWER ANYWAY TO CHARGE THE USELESS BATTERIES .
 The item I received looks nothing like the picture here . It has exposed wires instead of the metal cap around the LED and just looks cheaply made -LRB- it looks more like something home made -RRB- . Also , the picture of the product shows a side-emitting LED , but the product I received has a low-dome emitter . This means in a flashlight without a focus adjustment you will not get very good focus at all . Instead of a bright spot with good throw you will get a wide flood light that does n't have much range.If you 're looking for an LED upgrade for a 2-6 cell flashlight , I would recommend the Nite IzeNite Ize LRB-07-PR1W 1-Watt LED Bulb Upgrade/Replacement for Most C/D-Battery Flashlights . The Nite Ize is also a low-dome emitter , but it seems a little brighter , looks higher quality , and costs less than the Dorcy.The only advantage of the Dorcy is it 's supposed to be able to run from a single 1.5 V cell , but there are no PR lamp single-cell lights that I am aware of anyway -LRB- the 2 to 6 cell range of the Nite Ize is more common than 1 to 5 cells -RRB- .
 This Battery Tester does not work very well . Weak batteries test good in this tester . I bought 2 testers and they both work the same . The same batteries were tested in 3 other testers that said they were weak or bad.The Bulb and fuse tester functions are ok .
 I bought the Bosch Carbide hole saw , and it came with the adapter for the quich change mandrel -LRB- not Included -RRB- . So in order to use the hole saw , I had to either find a mandrel or buy this kit . The Bosch hole saw requires a 16mm mandrel which I could not find anywhere , so I ordered this adapter . It fit OK but has some slop in it , so of course you do n't get a good hole . I would have bought a Big Hawg except they do n't make a 2 3/4 '' hole saw . Bosch makes a good hole saw , but if you ca n't use it , why waste the money .
 I have gone through 2 of these in about a years time . I like the fact that the bits are so easy to change , which is what attracted em to them in the first place . After 6 months or so the ball retainer for the pilot fell out or was broken , which meant that you had to start the hole and then take the pilot out or it would fall out on it 's own . The second one was destroyed when I was drilling with the 3 inch hole saw that came with the set that I purchased , and the bit actually bound in the hole and the stub that is put into the drill chuck actually bent . I am a professional remodeler and do use my tools , but I never abuse them . I ca n't afford to keep replacing broken tools . If you are doing light duty or small diameter holes then this is the system to get , but do n't expect the mandrel to last through much in the way of heavy use .
 The good : - Did a kitchen splash back job and a full-tile job for a bathroom -- 200 square feet of porcelain tile . It cuts very hard tile slowly , but on softer tile , it cuts quickly . - Relatively inexpensive for a wet saw . - Sufficiently light to make transport by one person , easy.The bad : - Water flow to the blade was not sufficient in my estimation , so I slightly modified the water output ports near the blade to increase the flow . Even though this only took 20 minutes , this is not something a customer should have to do . - This tool is very loud ; ear protection is needed ; especially if used indoors . - Lots of water is sprayed to the rear of the blade ; M-K 's water containment system does n't work . Having to refill the tray is the least of it , since the dirty water makes a mess in your work area . - When cutting large tiles -LRB- 12 '' and up -RRB- , some water pours off the top of the tile being cut onto the floor , to the right of the machine . - The guide rail gets dirty , which keeps the cutting table from sliding easily . Not a big deal , but it should work better . - The water pump clogs too quickly . You have to clean the filter to restore flow . - The aluminum ` stop ' accessory for the table is so crudely made ; it is difficult to get it square to the table . -LRB- It is used when you want to make several tiles of the same width . -RRB- The ugly : - Toward the end of the bathroom tile job I did , the gears were making a very-noisy grinding sound . Tried to use it for another small job after that , and the tool died completely . -LRB- Click on Customer Photos above to see the striped worm gear . -RRB- The blade no longer turned , rendering the tool useless . The opposing gear was also ruined . Unfortunately , my saw warranty had expired ; and since the replacement parts were so expensive , the M-K saw was discarded . At least it worked long enough to finish one big job.Summary : Why did the tool gears strip so quickly ? Probably due to the strain on the tool of cutting a large number of porcelain tiles -LRB- versus softer tiles -RRB- . The motor appears to turn in the 24,000-rpm range ; which is reduced via its worm gear to around 3400 rpm at the blade . The high motor speed and worm gearing is why the tool is loud . The worm gear design results in gear failure if the tool is under any serious stain , such as many hours of hard-tile cutting . That is , the drive gear -LRB- shown in the photo -RRB- is only one-half inch in diameter , with 7 teeth in total , so no more than two teeth are fully engaged in the opposing gear at any time . When those teeth are stressed beyond the design goal -LRB- minimal tool use and/or softer tiles -RRB- , metal fatigue occurs ; keep cutting , as with my bathroom job , and the gear teeth are worn down to the point the tool fails . My tool failed within 20 hours of total use.This consumer-grade saw is an OK tool for the occasional do-it-yourselfer , as long as it 's not used very much and you limit cutting of hard tiles -LRB- marble , granite , porcelain , concrete , etc. -RRB- . Although brick and concrete pavers -LRB- e.g. , 2 '' thick -RRB- can be cut with quality wet-saws , do not use this saw for that purpose , as those products would quickly ruin the worm gear .
 I always thought the Dewalt name meant quality - was this hose ever a disappointment ! After less than 10 hours of use on a deck and patio , over 25 % of the rubber covering the braided steel peeled away . This resulted in the braid rusting wherever exposed .
 These are excellent drill bits from an manufacturer with an excellent reputation , but at the price I 'd expect these bits to make holes by themselves on verbal command . Seriously , Amazon is selling these for 4 or 5 times what good drill bits cost from other sites .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 After 6 months of daily use the shaft lock stripped out so that I could not lock the mechanism to release the cutoff blade . I followed the instructions by not actuating the shaft lock while the spindle was still moving , but the shaft lock still stripped out rending the tool useless . I 'm sure Makita will repair it under warranty , but they 'll just replace the same gear mechanism with another that will strip out in another six months , so what we have here is simply a defective design . Too bad , as the the rest of the tool seemed to be very high quality .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I GUESS I WAS NOT PAYING TO MUCH ATTENTION TO WHAT I WAS BUYING WHEN I ORDERED THIS TOOL IT IS A HEX SHANK EXTENSION FOR HOLE SAWS , AUGER BIT , ECT , COMES WITH A 7/16 HOLE FOR YOUR BIT TO GO INTO . I HAVE ALOT OF HOLE SAW BITS AND AUGER BITS BUT NONE OF THEM ARE 7/16 SHAFT WHICH MAKES THIS TOOL COMPLETY USELESS . GOING TO SEND THIS BACK !!!!
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I ordered this in October for my bathroom remodel . Unfortunately , I did not take a good look at it until our contrator was ready to install it in December . My 30 day time frame to return this item had expired . The arms of the lamp were not even when the base was level on the wall , and off by a good inch or two , making it quite visibly lopsided . There was no way to adjust the brittle metal without breaking it . Although the lamp looks beautiful in the picture , it 's far from perfect in reality . I am now hunting for another light for my bath and out the money for the lopsided one . Sad story , but true .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 Although I 've had need for this type of item on several occassions , I am disappointed with it 's design and function . The grab bar is a separate unit and it keeps sliding off the head - right in the middle of trying to line up the head . Torque seems to be pretty good when you get it working , but it really is a pain to use .
 Bought this tool 6 months ago , and have used it to drive in approximately 50-100 fasteners . That 's about all they 're good for , the input shaft fell out of mine , and there are parts rattling around inside . I 've always heard good things about Milwaukee , and due to the compact design , i gave it a whirl even though it did n't feel well made . I believe that tools should last for years , and am willing to pay for quality tools . I 'd try the larger one , but I do n't think it will fit where I use this one , so I 'll keep shopping for a replacement . If anyone has any suggestions , let me know .
 Pros : o small size . In it 's minimal configuration - with the thumb rest removed - it is 5-1/2 '' tall , 1 '' wide , and 1-1/4 '' deep . With a bit installed it is still only 1-3/4 '' deep.o all metal construction.o magnetic bit holder grips bits securely.o customer support is responsive -LRB- less than 2 minutes waiting on telephone -RRB- and friendly.Cons : o reliability / build-quality issues . The item I purchased was defective -LRB- see notes below -RRB- . o it takes two hands to use this attachment , one to hold the screwdriver and one to hold the tool . Compare this to a lightweight angle drill/driver which takes just one hand . For the most part , this makes the tool useful only in very tight situations where an angle drill will not fit.Notes : The item I received is defective . The bit spins freely in both directions under no load , but does n't run in reverse -LRB- counter-clockwise -RRB- under even light pressure -LRB- ie attempting to remove a # 8-1 '' wood screw -RRB- . It does work fine running clockwise , driving the same screw into a wood block.The helpful person I spoke with at customer service said he suspected that a tooth was broken . He advised me to return the item and purchase the heavier duty 49-22-8510 . I 'm not sure if I 'll do that since that item is somewhat larger -LRB- 2 '' deep -RRB- making it less useful for tight spaces . Also , I own many tools -LRB- Makita , Bosch , Dewalt , etc -RRB- and it is extremely rare to get one that is broken right out of the box . Since this is my first Milwaukee tool , it makes me leery of the quality of this brand .
 I tried 2 of these products and both of them failed within 5 minutes . The hex chuck is magnetic and can not withstand normal drilling . It broke both times . A very poorly engineered tool .
 The mechanism broke within 2 days with only minor use :-LRB- Can items be returned if defective ? very unhappy with this purchase
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 My solaris broke after using it two times . The first time was to drill two holes in drywall . The second time was to clean out tile joints for grouting . I would n't recommend buying one .
 I could not wait to get my Rotozip . My family had presented it to me as a gift.My switch broke after hour two and the Zip Mate attachment after day two . The wheels are fine and work on other tools and the spiral bit is very effective . The motor still works but now the head is jammed and does not come off . Service is somewhat confusing . A call to the 1-800 number tells me the Zipmate is replaceable but how does one get it off ? They suggest sending it to Black and Decker for service ; I am confused ? Bottom line is try another vendor . This may work for the craft set but it is not as serious a tool as TV leads one to believe .
 My solaris broke down the second time I used it . It may be OK for a toy but not for a serious tool . Save your money try something else .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 These arrived today fulfilled and shipped by Grady . The springs on these clamps are so strong that I could not open them using BOTH HANDS . My husband had to use both of his hands to open them . They also are HUGE ! There was nothing in the listing to indicate this issue , which I consider to be misleading and even false advertising . Grady -LRB- the seller through Amazon -RRB- said they would give me a refund but that I have to pay shipping both ways and that would cost MORE than the price of the clamps . Seems unfair to me , when there was nothing in the listing to indicate the problem .
 The entire line of Bessey K-Body clamps is superb in my experience . Unfortunately , Amazon ships them in inadequate boxes that do not protect them . In my first Amazon clamp order , there were two 60 '' clamps , each packed in a separate triangular box that Amazon had taped together from pieces of cardboard . There was no other protective material . The black plastic foot of one arrived broken into three pieces . Customer Service politely told me that they could not send a replacement -LRB- ? 1/2 ounce -RRB- foot ; I 'd have to ship the entire clamp back to them & they 'd send a replacement . Just a couple of days later , the replacement clamp arrived ! -LRB- Quick service , I must acknowledge ! -RRB- However , this one was packaged the same way and was even more seriously damaged in shipping . The orange , nonmarring , glue-resistant material encasing the fixed end of the K-Body was cracked in a `` wrap-around '' fashion for about three inches on three surfaces , with the underlying metal visble . Given the expense of two-way shipping , I ca n't understand why Amazon has n't responded to similar problems by using some padding .
 Amazon ca n't seem to get me the six clamps I ordered in undamaged condition . Four clamps have arrived with cracked and gouged jaws , and the black plastic ends missing or broken . So far two of the replacements have arrived the same way . Up until now I have been very impressed with Amazon and all my tool purchases . Hope they do n't let me down . Return shipping on these things is outrageous , glad I 'm not paying for it ! Anyone ever hear of padding?An added note
 Bought 3 of these . 1 came with a ` bumpy ' red handle and worked properly . 2 came with conical red handles and were not fabricated properly . The hollow shaft the push rod threads into was only partially tapped . There had been an attempt at tapping , I found a lot of debris in the hole , but the push rods would only screw in about half way . Fortunately , I had a properly sized tap and tap handle and a can of WD40 . Now they work properly . So 1 star for no final inspection and making me do their job.All had a lot of grease for a manually operated machine .
 This product is much too difficult to use . I can barely make the clamp open using two hands because the spring is SO STRONG . That makes it worthless for me . My husband agreed that they were much too strong for a woman to be able to use , yet I found nothing in the listing for this item to indicate this issue . I am returning them !
 I love the Bessey clamps , but when these arrived they looked as though they had been sitting in someone 's attic for 5 years and then just thrown into a box . There was no packaging material to keep them from bouncing around and because of this , one of the end caps was missing upon arrival . Great product , but I would hesitate before buying anything that is shipped from Noble Direct .
 I 've been looking for good medium weight f-style bar clamps for a while now , and my search continues.I build small to medium sized boxes and use 12 '' clamps 99 % of the time.Clamping to about 9 '' , I do n't expect much flex regardless of the brand of clamp , but these jorgensens flex BADLY when I tighten them . I 'm not over-tightening them either ; maybe a turn or two past snug and they have a considerable amount of flex . Too much for what I paid . I 've been using the blue and gray harbor freight bar clamps and they do n't flex as much as the jorgensens . They work ok , but have other issues.So I now have two of the bessey tradesman TGJ2 .512 +2 K on the way to try out . I 've read some reviews online and watched a few videos and I like what I see . Once I get those and put them through the paces I 'll post a review . If they work out I 'll stock up when a nice sale hits.I 'm really disappointed with these jorgensens . I really wanted them to be good clamps . They 're pretty cheap and made in the USA , but the amount of flex ruins their usefulness . I do have a bunch of the HD versions of their bar clamps and they 're excellent ; no flex and good clamping pressure , but they 're too big and cumbersome to use on the boxes I build , so I 'll use those on larger projects .
 I generally do a lot of research and digging before I make a tool purchase . This has allowed me to build a collection of tools which I am extremely happy with . This clamp is the exception . I bought a pair of these based on the makers name and price . I should n't have . The `` bar '' on these bar clamps is flimsy . I bent one of mine the very first time I used it . I would never buy another one of these .
 The Cabinet Claw 's are a great idea . Problem is they did n't think about someone doing custom cabinets where the finished joined face frame is 1 1/2 '' -LRB- the same size as the rest of the face frame -RRB- . It assumes you are joining 2 - 1 1/2 '' frames rather than 2 - 3/4 '' frames totaling 1 1/2 '' . As they have designed them , the minimum size for the two combined face frames is just slightly less than 3 inches . I 'm returning mine as they wo n't work for what I need .
 My friend loaned me these so that I could install face framed cabinets I made ... the ones he loaned me worked wonderfully ... and I was so impressed I decided to buy a pair ... needless to say , they were not of the same quality/construction as the ones he loaned me ... they were an inferior quality ... I guess you get what you pay for ... next time I will buy from a reputable company like Woodcraft or Rockler . Bottom line ... be weary of inexpensive/cheap pricing ... the old saying is true sometimes ... &#34; you get what you pay for . &#34;
 Worked well until the plastic wing which swings in and out of place for hole drilling and screw placement cracked . Once cracked a few more uses and it sheared sending a little ball bearing and spring into outerspace.Mine were purchased over a year ago hopefully the manufacturer has changed the design of this fragile part .
 These fire alarms were installed in my condo when I bought it . At 3 am the alarms started going of 3 loud beeps at intermittent intervals . I unplugged them , replaced the batteries , then they would n't stop chirping - with brand new batteries . I called Kidde the next day . After a brief test , the guy determined that all 5 alarms were malfunctioning and needed to be replaced . All 5 fire alarms died in one night , really , what are the chances of that . He kindly told me they all need to be replaced . Oh and they were 6 months past their warranty . They will be replaced , but not with a Kidde brand !
 I ordered this plastic strap clamp and attempted to use it once a couple of weeks ago . I was clamping a hexagon piece that I cut , doweled and glued . While I was turning the plastic handle to tighten the strap it sheared off , even before the wood came together . I had to quickly take off the strap clamp and get six pipe clamps to tighten down on the frame . -LRB- Luckily it was a regular hexagon and not an irregular shaped item . -RRB- I would like to get a refund or credit for the clamp and the extra angle plates -LRB- 6pack -RRB- . But I ordered it over 30 days ago . I am writing to Bessey in hopes that they will give me a refund or a credit toward another clamp.I would recommend the `` Bessey Tools Inc Ratchet Strap Clamp Banr400 Specialty Clamps '' instead . It is cheaper and I 've used it a lot in High School Shop . I wish I knew what it was called when I went searching for this type of clamp.I am very disappointed in the cheaply constructed clamp . It cost me nearly $ 50 , and it is all brittle plastic . and I 'm not sure how anyone could assume it could hold wood together . I can only believe that most people are using it to glueing small items .
 I found this clamp very difficult to work with , regarding setting up the corner supports and tightening the unit . I called the company and they did n't supply much support . I was using the clamp for picture frames and as I stated , it did n't perform to my satisfactions
 I have tried to use this strap clamp on multiple projects and have not had any success . It 's either I do n't have 8 hands to hold everything and tighten it at the same time or it is beyond my knowledge base to operate . About the only thing it was good for was a miter cut box top or picture frame , something that can rest flat and that the plastic corners can lay on the bench top and tighten evenly . If its even a little off the plastic corners slip off the corner by rolling over the top or under the bottom . It 's like the moon and stars all have to align before I can get it to work as intended . I would not purchase this product again.Pat
 I know people want product reviews , but I feel that this customer service issue is valid . The clamp works OK although the rotating handle is too short and manually pulling the strap out is n't as easy as it should be . Overall I give the clamp 4.5 stars because it does everything it should.I got this clamp on Saturday July 23rd . After opening the package I noticed that one of the corner clamps was missing it 's adjustable feet . There are two triangular `` feet '' that are missing from the corner brace . The other three were fine . I called Bessey customer service on Monday -LRB- 25th -RRB- morning when they opened . I asked the woman I talked to if I should send the clamp back to Amazon or if she could ship an extra corner piece to me . She said she had one on her desk and she 'd ship it out to me . I wrote an email to customer service on Monday August 8th stating that I have n't received the piece . The same day I got a reply that it was put in the mail and I should receive it by the end of the week . On Thursday August 18th I wrote back to confirm that the piece was sent to my address . The next day I was told it was sent via regular mail so there was no way to track it but they 'd send another one to my listed address . It is now August 25th , one month after calling Bessey customer service and I have not received the piece . I will ultimately be forced to buy the 6-pack of corner braces just to get the one I want.I 'm glad I bought Jet parallel clamps and Jorgensen bar and pipe clamps . * EDIT * I finally got the piece after several communications with Bessey and several people 's email addresses . More than a month later I was able to use my product . My advise is to ask Amazon to ship you a new one if you have the same problem . Dealing with Amazon 's returns is very easy .
 I was working on a 4 ' x 3 ' picture frame and thought this would be a godsend . Boy was I wrong . I had two people trying to hold the corner `` feet '' and could have easily used a third . The feet are not suitable for wood as thin as that for a picture frame . After many attempts , it did not work . Perhaps I was using it incorrectly , you ask ? I could n't tell you . The product did not come with instructions . Do n't waste your money !
 After getting this strap clamp I made 2 picture frames and it did n't work for either one . The only way this works is if you have a wide edge all the way around the picture frame . Mine did not and the strap would just slip off . I use molding to make my picture frames and the thin edge is on the out side . I wish I had not spent my monet on this and gotten a set of clamps that do one corner at a time .
 I have used several types of band clamps over the years . They all get the job done but the Bessey clamp does it faster and easier . A little pricy for the occasional user , but worth it if it you have a need often for a band clamp . You will probably want at least two.Joe Seidel
 I love tools and that together with the look and feel of these and the fact that I spent so much should have guaranteed a positive review . Unfortunately , in actual use these are a pain . They are difficult to use one-handed . When adjusting you need to release with one hand while holding square to slide the other . When pumping them closed they do n't really get that tight so you 'll end out switching to the screw adjustment . I might forgive that but you also have to be careful to leave sufficient thread to release since unscrewing is the only release mechanism.So , save your $ $ and get the Bessey tradesman clamps . Just slip it into position while putting it on , and twist it tight . You can get several Tradesmen for the price of one Powergrip .
 I ordered this item two months ago now . It said it was on backorder , but would ship within a month . It is now two months later and they say it wo n't ship until January . I would cancel , but I ordered this item with another tool and was able to use a discount code . This item was essentially free due to the discount . What 's the point in cancelling if it is already paid for and I ca n't get any money back ?!?!
 i am airborne ranger infantry soldier , i bought this for my survival kit expecting same military standard as issue item for aviator 's survival vest . not what i was expecting , over priced for an item that i could have bought cheaper with better features.MAJOR.ALLEN AIRBORNE RANGER INFANTRY 101st Airborne -LRB- Air Assault -RRB-
 The clamp that is pictured in the listing exerts vertical pressure when the handle is in the horizontal position . The clamp -LRB- s -RRB- I received exert horizontal pressure when the handle is in the horizontal position.And , this vendor offers only to replace the ordered item with the ordered item - no exchanges or refunds.The clamps themselves seem fine . They are just not the clamps that are pictured in the listing.MSI-PRO 225-D 51120 Horizontal Quick-Release Toggle Clamps
 This product does not include the rubber tipped hold down , assembly of screw , nut , etc. as illustrated , rendering it practically useless . I would not recomend it .
 This toggle clamp has a faulty design . There is a nut on the side of the clamp that protrudes too much and does not allow you to insert one of the four bolts that would hold it down to the working surface . This is not shown on the product 's picture since it is on the other side of the clamp .
 The Gearwrench torque wrench does seem to work well out of the box . The ratcheting mechanism is not very smooth and the forward/reverse lever feels like it could fall off at any minute . FURTHER , and the reason I am returning the product is because the webpage advertises that this item has a LIFETIME warranty . It does NOT . It has a one year limited warranty and you can pay for all shipping expenses if there is a problem . FALSELY ADVERTISED .
 These lamps were expensive , and quite frankly , disappointing . I ordered two , as bed side lamps , but both of them lean a little to one side , and this doesnt appear to be fixable . The bulbs that come with the lamps provide very little light , so they had to be replaced for stronger bulbs.Find a better lamp than this .
 Jorgensen hand screws are now apparently made in China , and the quality has dropped accordingly . They are no longer any better than the shoddy hand screws you can buy at China Freight or R * ckler . The threading on the new ones is not a square thread , the handles are much cheaper now , and the rivets holding the handles on are chincy and break free . Very lame . Congratulations if you receive a genuine made-in-USA version , but do n't count on it .
 I received the jorgensen 48 '' clamp and put it to use the day of receipt . by the end of the day , the screw end had cracked around the acme thread . I used the clamp roughly 2 hours before failure .
 I 'd love to gush about these clamps , but I ca n't . Yes in the old days they were pretty good . -LRB- some of the jaws are slipping now . -RRB- I have 30-40 of them . The newest ones we bought in 2005 were poorly finished . The jaw surfaces were not ground flat leaving a ridge on the clamping surface , and the jaws are not parallel . I came close to sending them back . They will be the last I buy . The Bessey 's are a lot better .
 Probable the best wood working clamp on the market . Easy to use and easy to clean the glue off of the I-Bar .
 I find this clamp of modest use BUT be wary when you go to release it . It will nip your fingers more often than not if you have reaction times slower than a ` mongoose ' .
 As a wood worker I have found this bar clamp to be very good in clamping large pieces . However , the price is similar to the price in our local home centers .
 For precision tools like spokeshaves and planes , detail and quality in manufacturing is immediately apparent in the usefulness of the tool . These bargain set seems to be marketed to the beginner or to perhaps intermediate or `` branching out '' woodworkers who 'd like to try hand tools over power tools . I experienced quite a bit of chatter from the spokeshave when working with ash . No amount of adjustment seemed to help .
 After some quite some tuning , I did manage to get the smoothing plane to cut some nice thin shaving.I ca n't get anything out of the block plane nor the shave.I guess you get what you pay for .
 There will be occasions when these clamp pads are useful , when their limited surface and rubber construction make them ideal.Yet , there will be times when they slip off , do n't spread the pressure enough or just ca n't be found.The pony clam is a delightful clamp to use , but I 'd rather just find a piece of scrap wood that is just the right size or spans two or more clamps.Save yourself the five dollars . After all it 's a high price to pay for just four pieces of rubber !
 I have several kinds of pipe clamps and these fit none of them.Make sure these will fit your clamps or they will be as useless for you as they are for me .
 It is very difficult to adjust it and just when we figured it out ... it broke ! Company would not replace it either , so much for that warranty ! And I see now it 's about $ 38 , when I got it , it was more like $ 58 ... man do I feel ripped off !!!
 I own a lot of clamps and this is the worst built clamp I have ever seen . When you turn the screw to remove the clamp , the screw comes loose from the jaws , and the jaws stay clamped with noway to remove them except to pry or beat them loose . Would never buy again . Always thought Jorgensen was a good name .
 Nice looking box that seems durable , however , I recieved the item damaged and tried to contact shoplet 3 times -LRB- email and phone -RRB- and they never responded . Now Im working with a dented up tool box ... I should have gone to sears .
 I bought this L609 meter yesterday along with a Wagner MMC220 . I used the L609 numerous times last night , but by the next night the pressure sensitive membrane switch was no longer making good electrical contact . Result was I had to press the switch REALLY HARD to make a reading . When it did work , it generally gave the same result -LRB- i.e. within 1-2 % water content -RRB- as the more expensive MMC220 after taking into account the species density corrections.The biggest drawback with the L609 is the very poor ergonomics . There is no switch to leave it in the constantly on position . To take a reading always means having to press and hold the membrane switch . Eventually , the switch will wear , as did in my case in after just one night of use making maybe a couple hundred readings . Also , because of the position of the switch , holding it to make a reading means the row of LED 's will be blocked by your own hand roughly 50 % of the times . You just end up holding it with the wrong hand 50 % of the time unconsciously . To unblock the view , you 'll have to make the same reading again by holding the meter with the other hand . It gets to be annoying after a while of changing hands to unblock the view . The switch should really be designed so that it 's located on either the side or the top of the meter housing . As it is , with the switch right on the face , it 's just poor ergonomics , user-unfriendly , and poorly thought out . There is also no hand strap . For anything that costs close to $ 150 , it should have come with a strap to keep it from being inadvertently dropped and damaged . Likewise with the $ 270 MMC220 - no strap ! I just hate to point out it 's a typical case of American engineering
 My 87-year-old father is a woodworker . I bought this meter for him at his request . It was too complicated for him to use , and did n't measure moisture in small enough increments . I 'm returning the item .
 Other than the fact that this product seems to have been constructed in someone 's pre-school art class and its lack of versatility and its lack of sensitivity , this is a decent product for the money.Appearences :1 > The front of this junk box says in overly large letters that this is indeed a ` MOISTURE METER ' . Well , if you did not know that , then you probably are not buying it anyway .2 > The moisture prongs are attached through a household plug 's body giving it a grandpa 's workbench feel.Use :1 > the scaled meter bounces so wildly there is little time to determine the actual moisture content of the material you are probing . It might as well just have a red light and a green light to display moist vs. Not moist .2 > It feels lightweight and ready to disintegrate at any moment - certainly not for prolongued or harsh use .3 > On the bright side the corded probe is handy for reaching not so accessible areas.Overall : The price is low with good reason . If you are purchasing a water meter than most likely it is needed on the professional level . this meter dowes not cut the mustard for professional use . The yellow bound protimeter -LRB- preferably with non penetrating and penetrating sensors -RRB- is the choice to make . However , if all you are looking for is a BACKUP moisture meter , then this one fits the task well - at least from your wallet 's perspective .
 Entirely misleading . This unit DOES in fact have pins . Even at that , I could n't get it to register on wood that I know was fairly green . Printing the return labels right now ...
 My device came from Amazon with a faulty probe connector , but I noticed the problem 2 months too late -LRB- after just a couple uses , but after taking readings with the device -RRB- . Hopefully Sonin RMA can just send me a new probe cable as I used a continuity tester to diagnose the problem . Their performance remains to be seen . . As a test I would hold the probe against conduit or metal ducting to make sure it is reading properly -LRB- needle @ 10 , pegged to right -RRB- , then move the probe connector to be sure that the connection is not intermittent . Also do n't leave it on , or put it in a box where it can get turned on , it will chew through a 9V battery in a couple days no problem . A disapointment , even at this price ...
 We had house leaks and needed to continue to monitor the moisture level in the wood -LRB- ceiling -RRB- and drywall . My home inspector recommended this one as an inexpensive alternative to his $ 400 + Surveymaster moisture reader . However , this device was so inaccurate that made me doubt its usefulness.Off the dry wall , when the reading from Surveymaster was 22 % , this one 's was 15 % . Two locations off the ceiling wood , Surveymaster vs. Sonin were 18 % vs. 8 % , and 12 % vs 8 % . All the readings were done on the same day by my experienced home inspector who used the devices in the exact same location w / exact same direction -LRB- when pining into the ceiling -RRB- and tried to use the same force to minimize the error bar caused by mishandling.Sonin 's readings were the same 8 % even though there was a 10 % difference in the readings from Surveymaster . 8 % -12 % would be considered ok for wood , but 18 % is not . For example , mold remediation company would dry the ceiling wood below 16 % before they put on the final coat . W / such inaccuracy , I found it nearly impossible to have a good assessment on the situation and to take necessary actions.Another drawback of the product
 The product description talks about the `` contact probes '' and it is described as `` pinless '' but it has two big pins that you poke into things to measure moisture , leaving holes in your drywall .
 I bought this for testing the moisture in flood soaked homes where our church was doing rehab work after a major flood -- because FEMA told us not to rebuild until the moisture content in the floor beams was below a certain level . Not only did it not ever get below the yellow mark , NEW wood in Lowes showed up as being in the RED level!It was not accurate , and a total waste of money.On the bright side , it fulfilled FEMA 's requirements that we HAD it . Go figure .
 I had the same problem as Mike stated in another review . I was trying to use it to line up a slick stick miter guide for a panel cutter and noticed the same 1/16 '' to 1/8 '' of play between itself and the aluminum extrusion . Not good enough for finish work . For finish work I too will keep my staight edge and clamps .
 I do n't know what everyone is raving about with this thing . I intended to use it as shown with a circular saw , or on wide panels with the table saw , with the guide clamped to the down face of the panel and riding along the edge of the table . But the darned thing deflects so much off of 90 degrees when you clamp it down that it is useless for this purpose . It produces a cut line that is visibly out of square.I 'm mystified that only one other reviewer mentions the slop inherent in this item 's design . Maybe it is acceptable for brute carpentry or rough-cutting of panels that are going to be squared up later , but what I want to know is why I 'd spend $ 35 on an aluminum guide that produces a nice , straight cut that 's visibly out of square . Why bother ? I can produce a bad cut freehand or make a perfect T-square guide out of plywood and Masonite scraps . Even if it 's free , a `` tool guide '' that can not produce a finished cut is a waste of time , in my opinion.Other reviewers say that you can get it to clamp square with some fussing . I imagine they mean that if you screw around with a speed square and fool with the clamp settings and squint at the thing through one eye long enough , you can get it square . Well , I can do the same thing with a couple of Irwin clamps and any old straight board that 's lying around . The idea of a clamping tool guide is , you slap it on and go . Not with this one.As a flat , low-profile clamp , it fills a niche . I suppose having several of these would be useful for edge glue-ups . But at this price , it seems a bit extravagant.There 's a reason that precision guide and fence systems cost a few bucks more , and there are some good ones out there . Or with a little care , you can make your own , and you 'll find yourself wondering how they ever sell these things .
 Save your money and buy some nice cobalt or titanium nitride bits . These bits do blowout in most veneered materials and are useless in all MDF products . They clog almost immediately . I had high hopes for these when I bought them three years ago , but since I paid so much for them I ca n't bring myself to just throw them away . The best feature is that they do center very well when started . After that , expect problems .
 I bought this valve because the drain was shown on the right side . What they sent me had the drain on the left side and this wo n't work for my application . Beware it 's not as picture shows .
 The sheath that I got was the second one in the picture , the one with the yellow stitching . I do n't like it that much.First of all , it 's not formed at all . It 's a sheet of nylon stiched to another sheet of nylon . The sheath that came with my Wave is formed , with four sides . The sides of the Wave sheath are elastic , and stretch just enough to hug the tool tightly without being too tight . This sheath , though , only has two . Accordingly , sliding your multi-tool into it is rather difficult . One might argue that such a tight fit is a plus , that your multi-tool wo n't fall out if the top is n't closed . Fair enough , but it 's also much more difficult to get out and put back in.Also , this sheath does not have the little hole at the bottom that my Wave sheath does . This hole is nice because it allows you to reholster your multi-tool while it is opened up . You can be working with the pliers , reholster the tool without closing it back up again , and then get the tool out again . It 's a very nice feature , and one this sheath does not have.This sheath also lacks the little pockets in the back for the extra bits . My Wave sheath has them.Finally , this holster is much larger , about 1/2 an inch longer and almost 1/2 an inch wider than my Wave sheath . Not that big a difference I suppose , but a bit annonying.This sheath does work and does hold my Wave and Skeletool . At the same time , it 's not formed , is bulky , lacks the hole in the bottom , and lacks a pocket for extra bits . If I could order all over again , I 'd spend 23 cents more and get this
 I 'm sure this is a fine case for some models but the new Super Tool 300 does not fit right as advertised . The tool is difficult to get in and out and the velcro barley latches and I doubt it will remain able to close for very long .
 This is not like the earlier Permacel gaffer 's tape . It is thick , if that 's what `` professional '' means , but the adhesive lets go after only a short time . The earlier version stuck seemingly forever , and made for nearly permanent repairs of things , something you ca n't do with ordinary duct tape which seems to disintegrate over time . It 's thickness and lack of flexibility seems to make the end pop up ; you have to keep pressing it down . I would suggest the thinner regular version , which seems to function better , or look for another brand . Best place to get gaffer 's tape is a store that sells theatrical supplies , or a recording studio that does sound work might sell you a roll . I 'm not sure what I 'm going to do with this big expensive roll ; it 's just not very useful .
 I ordered it June 7 , it 's now August 31 . It 's hard to rate from a photo and several emails that have changed my shipping date . Last update delivery estimate
 It is a shame , because I was so exited when I first saw the Crunch , `` a multi-tool with vicegrips ? What could be better ? `` Unfortunately , the lack of tool hardening makes for great pliers , but soft tools that seem to degrade every time I use them . I Scratched the FILE on a NAIL I was trying to file down , How sad . All my flathead screwdrivers are twisted or bent , and the Phillips is rounded out and does not really grip screws well anymore . I do n't remember my other multi-tools from Leatherman being made of such soft metal . Great Idea , but this tool suffers from poor execution .
 When it arrived I was extremely impressed . The workmanship was excellent , and it looked good . The locking pliers proved immediately useful . Sadly the Philips head screw driver appeared to be made out of toffee , and only lasted for a few hundred screws . I have had better quality screwdrivers out of a Christmas cracker , and it was nowhere near the quality I would expect at half the price.The wire cutters were a similar disappointment . They do not appear to be hardened , and will not cut steel wire . Again -LSB- any -RSB- tools are better than this , and professional ones are a world apart.Finally do n't get it wet because they do rust .
 These chisels are inexpensive and very comfortable to hold . They 're great for general use around the house but I would n't recommend them to anyone who 's seriously interested in fine woodworking . My main gripe with these chisels is that they get dull too quickly . I think the metal is too soft . You 'll have to hone them quite often in order to keep them sharp .
 I too thought I would love the Wave , but my experience has n't been the same as other reviewers on this site . Maybe I am mistaken , but somehow I thought being the `` Wave '' that this multipurpose tool would be useful on my boat . The knife has been used on board a boat -LRB- freshwater -RRB- and in a few months was rusted out to the point where tools can no longer be opened . They were stiff to begin with , and now that they are rusted no longer useable . This was to be a replacement for my 30 year old Victorinox Swiss Army knife , but the Swiss Army knife is again back in action.Maybe this knife was never intended to be used in a boating environment , but those of you who are boaters , beware that this is not the product to use onboard . I had not known that the Leatherman products are warrantied for so long , I will have to send mine in for repair .
 For most applications , you 'll be better served by a Swiss Army knife and a small pair of pliers than the Wave . Some nice ideas , but poor execution . First , the vaunted `` contoured , rounded grip making the tool comfortable to use '' is ONLY in place when the tool is opened and the pliers are being used . When using any of the other tools , the handles are closed , and the grip is about as comfortable as holding onto a handful of cut sheet metal strips . The handles need to be closed when using any of the other tools since the only tools that lock in place are the knife blades , the file , and the toy wood saw . So - the `` rounded grips '' of the Wave are only available when using ONE of the tools ... Great if you only need the Wave for the pliers . But then , why not just buy a pair of pliers?The externally accessible knife blades are a good idea , but poorly done . The two rather flimsy , sloppily ground and finished blades are equipped with liner locks -LRB- good -RRB- , but have a ridiculously small opening assist hole , making one-handed opening difficult at best . Leatherman should take a look at any of the production pocket knives available from Spyderco , Benchmade , et . al. and see how the blade SHOULD be designed . The Wave could be provided with wider knife blades to accommodate a larger opening assist hole , or opening studs could be provided on both blades . Do the file and wood saw need to be externally accessible on the Wave ? How many times a day do you need an undersized file or toy wood saw ? Just asking.Bottom line , the Wave is generally overpriced , underfeatured , and somewhat crudely executed . The Supertool 200 is only marginally larger and heavier , but provides - at a lower price - a set of more robust tools , and does n't try to implement the special features -LRB- e.g. , external knife blades -RRB- that are crudely implemented on the Wave . If priced at about $ $ $ , the Wave would be a potentially worthwhile purchase , when compared to the Supertool 200 . At $ $ $ , the Wave simply does n't make sense .
 This tool is okay for small jobs like installing a smoke detector , putting together a computer desk , opening boxes , etc. . The only problem is I 've had this tool for over two years and all I ever used were the screwdrivers , scissors , and knives which everybody has around the house . I hardly even need to use it ; about every few months it comes in handy . To me it 's over-rated and over-priced , you should stick with your regular tools if you ask me .
 I also had a leatherman ... I recently bought a Gerber ... what an amazing piece of hardware . It 's stury , feels good in my hand and side-by-side , there 's NO comparison !
 I am on my second Leatherman Wave . My only complaint is that I can not keep the blade sharp !! I have been sharpening knives , chisels , sissors , etc. for many years and have had this problem only once with only one knife ; a high carbon steel knife made around 1920 . The steel was bad . The steel used in the Leatherman Wave will not , I repeat , will not hold an edge . I now have to carry a Swiss Army Knife if I want to cut anything ! Now that Swiss Army Knife has a multi-tool , I will get it .
 I bought a leathermann wave for general use . This weekend a brought it with me on a boat trip on the sea . I only used it twice to cut a rope , and i even rinsed it with freshwater once . Even though as a came home a saw that the even and serrated blade had started to rust . This i find very dissapointing for such an expensive stainless knife . The knife was only 2 weeks old . I know stainlees means corrosion resistent but the knife was only very lightly exposed to water .
 Do n't be fooled . This chisels are not worth their price . I was given a set two years ago . I never used them until three months ago . I was using my old reliable set . I took this chisels out of the box and went to hone them . Come to find out , the still is severly deformed . The facets are totally out of place and you can not get a smooth bevel on them -- There 's NO WAY you could double bevel these . I reground them myself to as square as possible . No sooner than I did that , the half inch chisel started breaking the corners ! I did not blue the steel as I use a Tormek sharpening system . Plus , I was using them without a mallet -- by hand ! Cheap metal , cheap craftsmanship , poor quality !
 I purchased a set of these chisels and I wish I had n't . They are very poorly machined and the metal is very weak . I am seriously thinking about taking all six chisels and throwing them in the trash , box and all . They are no where close to being flat on the back . And to be honest there just not worth the two hours or better you will take to lap the back . Anyone thinking of bying these chisels should just save there money . I here Lie-Neilsen is comeing out with high quailty set . For all of those people -LRB- myself included -RRB- a word of advice , do n't by cheap tools save your money and by somthing that will last . It will be cheaper in the long run !
 Ordered these from Amazon and shipping was fast as usual . The box the chisels come in is pretty flimsy and cheaply made ... do n't let the fact that these chisels have a box to store them in influence your decision to buy . I had heard good things about these chisels from friends and neighbors who had them but had never seen them until I received my Amazon order.The chisel handles are hard plastic but upon further inspection of my chisels , one of them had a crack in the plastic with some of the plastic already missing ! The chisels were brand new as they had no wear marks at all ! The plastic had cracked all the way down to the metal and that was enough of an omen for me to return them ! The chisels just look cheaply made to me.Returned to Amazon and went to Sears and bought some Craftsman chisels ... I am VERY happy with them .
 The square handled Marples chisels in the photo are not the ones you will receive . When I ordered from Quality Distributing LLC , I thought I would be receiving a good quality set of basic chisels made in England . The product description even talks about the squared off handles and implies they are the european version . `` The slightly squared special polypropylene handle gives a good , comfortable grip on this hard-wearing chisel . And there is less danger of the chisel twisting and slipping during use ... Europe 's most popular chisel . '' I 've used the ones pictured , and loved them and knew Irwin had bought the company , but thought I was buying some of the older ones that were still in stock/circulation . Instead I received the Chinese made `` Irwin -LRB- by Marples -RRB- , '' which even have a different part number . Furthermore , as noted by several other written reviewers , the internal slats within the wooden box were broken during transit and the chisels were banging around inside when I opened the package -LRB- overall , the box is worthless -RRB- . I can not attest to the `` quality '' of the Chinese Irwins , because I felt so flim-flammed by the deal I sent the set back -LRB- the 1 star reflects the buying experience , not the chisels -RRB- . Quality Distributing blamed the advertising snaffu on Amazon , but you need to know what you are getting before you complete the purchase . It would seem that the `` Distributing '' process is lacking something in the `` Quality '' department .
 i bought a similar stainless multi-tool at wal-mart for $ 6 !!! the knives are n't near as sharp , but it does have a better wrench . also have a wenger ... . great quality but expensive .
 The shipping weight announced in the page is 8 times less than the real one . I had to pay 350 $ for final destination -LRB- freight forward -RRB- in shipping for a 24 $ item -LRB- it was the price at that time -RRB- . Amazon and their partners have to learn delivering packages in SMALL boxes .
 I am very unhappy about these chisels . I opened the box and pulled out the 1/2 inch . The blade has visible pits and dings . The edge feels like a saw blade . I pulled out the 1/4 . A burr on the edge , but not bad . Same with the 1 inch . Then I looked at the 3/4 . You have to wonder how this set got out of the factory . I have several Frued blades and bits , including a new Super Dado , and really like them , but this is ridiculous . I expected to have to sharpen the chisels when they arrived , but not to have to grind out large dings in the blade . I swear someone dropped the edge on a concrete step .
 The device works great after you set the proper code for your garage door opener . But just be aware that this only works from no more than 6 feet away . If you are planning to open the door sitting in your car , this is not the product . I step out of my car and walk close to the door to catch the signal ... . I find it useless .
 The bits either get jammed or fall out of the driver shaft , the locking ring falls off , the crews that hold the bits fall off and could not be secured . The overall construction is poor . The parts are made from aluminum and not the stainless steel . One bit broke in the second screw . I called Amazon at 866-660-8114 before ordering . The rep said that all Makita tools and accessories are made in either the US or Japan . Not true ! This set was made in China . I bought this set to be used with the Makita 14.4 V impact driver , which also made in China . I am returning this set .
 This kit was purchased to replace an older Makita bit that I had been using frequently for almost 10 years before I lost it . This new one broke where the screw tip inserts into the bit the very first time I used it . Very cheap , very poor quality .
 As a joiner in England my friend from the U.S.A sent me one to try , after about one week it broke while putting an 1 inch by 8 pozi screw in a timber frame I was making . I tried to repair it but I could n't . My friends over here were impressed at first and they all wanted one , but now they are not to sure about the durability of this item -LRB- maybe I just got the bad one as they say -RRB- !!
 This tool works great . But it is overpriced just to do one task.But if your car has a 15mm tension bolt as most do , there is a really cheap workaround , using two simple tools that almost every garage mechanic has.You need a common 15mm combo open claw / 12 pt box wrench , and a 1/2 '' drive ratchet or breaker bar . Put the open end of a combo wrench on the tensioner bolt . now insert the 1/2 inch drive on the breaker bar into the box end of the wrench . By serendipity , It will fit snugly ! Presto , you have a nice long serpentine belt wrench , and you just saved yourself 50 bucks!If you need a different size or work on lots of cars , I would buy the Lisle unit . They have great quality , and half the price . Kinda wish I had bought the Lisle to begin with .
 Due to the lack of measuring increments on the rods , it is impossible to get a precise setup with this tool . You can get close , 1/16th of an inch close , but you can not accurately align the adjustable straight edge on this tool . This may be less of an issue with smaller handles , but when you put 9 inch handles on your cabinets , the inevitable slant is much more noticeable . I 'm returning this for a True Position tp-1934 . I 'll post a review of that item once I 've gotten it in my hand .
 I puchased this for a kitchen remodle . Use a ruler or laser level if you have one and you 'll be much better off . I returned it .
 post was only a plastic shaft ... from the measurements -LSB- 70 inches -RSB- it gave the impression it went into the ground . it only slides over a wooden spike.No better than what I had.disappointing for the money .
 The only thing positive I can say about this is that it is a quick way to get a replacement mailbox put up without digging a hole . Other than that , this is maybe worth $ 20 , but that 's about it . It is very flimsy when installed , and wobbles when you open and close the mailbox . The screw caps do not snap over the screws like they are supposed to -LRB- maybe if you glue them -RRB- . Honestly , this is a piece of junk that might last a year . Very disappointed !!!
 One wood 2x4 inserted in a 4x4 plastic post does not make a sturdy final product . The mailbox wobbles easily . Eventually , this is going to come out of the ground and fall over .
 I just bought this post and be aware that this mailbox post/plate/stake requires a lot of work beforehand . It must be pre-drilled first of all , to attach the stake AND the plate to the plastic post . The plastic post is rather flimsy and I think the price is inflated for this product . -LRB- I bought this for $ 5 less . -RRB-
 I purchased six of these at $ 5.99 each from amazon . At first I was in love with them . I put them in the kitchen and the bathrooms . They make great night lights and you add outlets . What could be better ? Safety could.So far TWO have shorted out violently resulting in spitting of sparks , charing of the appliance plug and blowing the circuits at the circuit breaker panel -LRB- different appliances , different circuits , same results -RRB- . Ground faults seem to be a common manufacturing fault with them . I have just ordered a ground fault tester to test the remaining four but they will likely be going back to amazon or the trash . Seems to be a case of typical cheap Chinese production .
 2 weeks into using and it shorts . The electrician said that this company -LRB- Feit Electric -RRB- is notorious for making cheap , low-grade products . Ai n't worth it , even with the low price and free shipping .
 After I plugged it in , it worked for one day . Now the light is completely dead . I would not buy this cheap product again .
 Just like the reviewer above , this plug shorted out the first time my wife tried to plug something in ! This product is dangerous and should NOT be sold!Too bad there is no option for minus stars : /
 Since I knew some of the 87-5 's suffered from GSM interference issues I called Fluke when I received my unit to make sure it was unaffected . The Fluke representative was flippant and borderline rude . When I asked if it he knew what the affected serial numbers were he flatly said no . After an additional push he said he could look it up . He looked it up and upon finding it was a rather stale serial number he told me I should just return it and try my luck again . I told him that I did n't want to spend weeks playing multimeter roulette and he just shoved my call off to another department . After being on the phone for quite a while no one at fluke seemed to be ready to offer a solution so I returned it to amazon . This is supposed to be a premium product and it definitely carries a premium price I expected better support for an item with a known issue .
 Beware buying Fluke products . If you have a part malfunction they will ignore you . They have zero customer service basically just automated email responses that tell you that they have no interest in helping you .
 HTC seems to have gone out of business . The phone number listed in the product manual and on their web site are no longer in service . If your tool as offset holes -LRB- not in straight line -RRB- the you need kit J-104 that allegedly can be ordered from HTC . However , the number has been disconnected . This is unfortunate because I really wanted the PM7000 but this little snafu severely decreases the products versatility . I wonder how long these mounts will be available ?
 whens the last time a contractor actually carried a # 2 pencil ? I only use the wide flat pencils or sharpie markers which this holder will NOT hold , the pockets are way too small/narrow . gave it to goodwill
 The package arrived on time but when I open it I thought it was a joke . The night light is only picture of basset hound in plastic cover . I was expecting plastic night light shape as basseet hound . This was not worth price I paid . I would not recommend buying this product !!!!!!
 Well I bought these to keep around my shop for their light weight , did not plan on using them a lot so did not buy a good set but found out wrong . The frustration using them was intense because they would not adjust with one hand , the head jams against the side and is very sloppy . I also needed to hold some stainless steel pipe and they just slipped on it , had to get out the 30 year old Ridgid cast iron for that . Best for the home handy man to show his friends in his garage while drinking a few cold ones , not much for using .
 I started to work as a carpenter but mostly inside , so I do n't carry so heavy gears . But after less than 1 month of daily use , one of the pockets had come undone , after the rivet went broken . So I would say : - the rivets and sewed parts are weak-the belt is too big for thin waist -LRB- I wear 28 '' -RRB- . But if you do another hole yourself it 's OK.-hammer loop is too large for indoor small hammer so it keeps falling through it . And too low also , I prefer on the waist because as it is on this belt , hammer hits my calf all the time.-the 2 largest pockets are very tight so that even if I wear thin gloves I ca n't reach the bottom . Only medium size tools can fit in , like speed square and a pair of pliersSo it 's cheap , do n't expect quality and avoid for intensive use ...
 I work in a major welding and fab . shop . where we really use the grinders , not like the other reveiws . Dewalt has made the worst grinder ever.The DW402 was designed with very serious flaw which could send you straight in the ER . -LRB- several of my co workers ended up in the hospital -RRB- 1 . Where the exhaust blows out , everything that is grinded will blow right in your eyes . Believe me I know it happen to me . -LRB- with safety glasses on -RRB- Also so many people were getting eye injuries the Company I work for pulled them from the shop floor .
 This saw does n't seem well made . I did n't get much use out of it before it stopped cutting . It became underpowered and the RPMs were reduced to the point that it would n't cut much of anything . I removed the cover from the motor to find that part of the brass spring retainer for the motor brushes was broken , which meant the brush was just laying loose on the commutator causing excessive sparking and a severe lack of power . I used to consider DeWalt a good brand , but after this experience and problems I 've had with some of their other tools I do n't think I can buy any more DeWalt tools .
 I have this saw . You ca n't put any pressure on the saw because it will kick the breaker . It vibrates unbelievably . The threads on the vise screw got messed up the very first time I used it . I 've only had it for a couple of years with little use and the motor burned out already . I 'm looking to buy a new chop saw and it will not be a Dewalt .
 I have been using the DW874 in our steel fabrication shop every day for the past three years with great satisfation.We needed another saw for field work and went to buy another DW874 and was told that they were discontinued . The replacement was the DW871 . We bought it and were instantly disappointed.The DW871 is obviously -LSB- less expensive -RSB- to build saw . It has a plastic motor housing and a cheap vise . The threaded quick release also known as the anvil is -LSB- an inexpensive -RSB- cast iron piece while on the older saw it was a machined part.After using it a few times the cast iron anvil would not engage the threaded rod to tighten the vise . The threaded rod was nicked and chewed up from the anvil not engaging properly . I had to get a new vise assembly.Also it is neccessary to mark the material to be cut because the blade can not be lowered to rest on the workpiece in order to measure and cut quickly.The older DW874 does this quite nicely and because of this we can measure and cut about 10 times faster.Overall , the new DW871 lasted only a few days before needing repair -LRB- and it is still difficult to use quickly -RRB- , But my older DW874 has not given me any problems in three years!Pass on this one . It is a real hunk of junk .
 Someone should blow the whistle on these Dewalt Characters . This model is not even a D.I.Y. tool , the best thing I did is save the reciept and the box for returning every couple of months , use two blades up and replace the brushes , use six blades and it wo n't cut more than one stud or one piece of 3/4 '' conduit . Time to return/exchange for the next one , and repeat . To the defense of Dewalt is that several other manufacturers have been the same and several of those were made for each other , change the color and decal . Poor work clamping and miter adjustments of any accuracy are not able to be done . This works fine if you want to cut a brick or two and a stud once in a while , steel over 1/8 inch is a load and results in brush/motor failure . You wonder why I own several , purely price . Save a little longer and buy a portable band saw and later a stand for it and enjoy .
 I bought this because I liked my brother 's DW-874 . Bad move . This thing is a piece of junk . The clamp is horrible , It comes loose , the screw striped out after 6 months . If you make 45 degree cuts the back of the clamp is so far back the blade can not cut all the way through the metal , to correct this you have to put an extra piece of material behind what you are cutting to space it out far enough to cut through . It vibrates no matter what you cut . I 've used saws with less horse power ratings that have more power . It trips breakers all the time on circuits that do n't trip when I use my 110v welder . If I had it to do over I would buy a hack saw !
 I 've had this for ~ a couple of years now . It 's ok , and has decent power . It trips the ciruit breaker constantly when I try to cut through 1/4 '' square though , which gets annoying . It 'll cut angle or thin stuff pretty quickly though.But worst of all , is that weak miter clamp . First , it 's hard to set it at the angle you want b/c you 're never sure if you 're exactly hitting the angle you want . . But when you do finally set it , after you tighten the work down , the whole clamp will move , and now you 're at a different angle . Cheap !
 I 'm a dock builder that uses chop saws reguarly and I found this saw to be a JOKE !! It lug 's down stalls out trips the breaker in the breaker box -LRB- a 20 amp breaker using # 10 wire at 15 feet long cord -RRB- wo n't use all the blade like the old saws . WILL NOT cut a miter cut without angling off crooked it even cut the base of the saw itself , is how bad it angles off !! The saw acts like it has a mind of it 's own . it works when it wants to . The only thing I have to say good about it is , the handle is more easier to grip being horisonatal . Other than that it would ' t make a good trot line anchor !!!!!
 I bought the dewalt 871 14 '' chop saw because I was told it would cut metal . It cuts thin walled stock , but it does n't cut a 3 '' mechanical tubing with 1/2 '' wall or 3 '' solid stock like promised . I could barely put pressure on the blade to keep it cutting . I do n't feel like replacing the motor again .
 Nice idea but needs some improvements . If your work involves bending over the top pockets are useless , everything falls out . That doese n't leave much room in the 4 remaining pockets for tools and nails etc. . The stitching in one pocket has opened up in about 4 weeks and the hammer holder is weak . Doing siding work under a cornice above a roof required laying on the roof which crushed the hammer holder flat several times . It needs work !
 I bought this unit in the hopes of sand blasting my truck frame . My first mistake was not screening the sand so I plugged the sand blaster up . After screeing the sand I still ca n't get it to flow . The instructions were a very poor memographed paper or a over copied copy . I think there is a backflush feature , if I can read the instructions . The small circular plate on the bottom leg bent easily . Should be thicker . The `` T '' connector on the bottom is loose and I ca n't seem to get it to tighten .
 Either I am doing something wrong , or the letters are not stamping clearly enough . I hoped to stamp washers in order to make necklaces . Did n't work and the set seems a bit unimpressive .
 On two of the three extensions , the spring-loaded ball would NOT compress , and you could n't attach a socket to it.I tried hammering it , and even put them in a vice , but no luck . That ball would n't budge.Chalk it up to experience .
 Its a cheep set . Extensions fit sockets loosely and sockets do n't stay on . For under $ 4 what can you expect.I have replaced them already .
 The shaft of each piece is a different length , therefore only one of them actually locks into place on my Makita Impact Driver . Poor quality ... But luckily the end is too long so I can grind the end of the two to make them fit .
 Its just a set of cheap china set of Socket Adapter for Drills . Already broke four . They should work okay for the home owner . I knew what I was buying , its not the sellers fault . At the breakage rate I am having = craftsman . For a little more money = made in USA , forged , not cast cheap metal . The seller is great . Its just a cheap product .
 Easy ... broke the 3/8 in size one in five minutes with moderate force . Bought these because they were cheap ... bought a set of Craftsman that have now been through serious abuse - true it cost more ... but just that one time I needed the driver to work -LRB- on my boat -RRB- it failed . Not worth the aggravation .
 I ordered this set with a Makita corded impact driver . Tried to see if I can loosen up the wheel bolts on my car . Could not loosen one , took out the second and the attachment snapped on the third . It may be just too much to ask of this set . I bought a replacement piece , forged , for more than the cost of the whole set . So far so good , but I am clearly more timid to apply full force . Realistically , with the narrowed part on the hex shank , it may be too much to expect the tool to take the abuse of the impact driver.I believe Amazon should not be recommending this set to go with the Makita driver .
 rusted within a few weeks , while still in the package.functions fine.would never buy again basically disposable.the rain in spain falls mainly on the plain .
 this is a very poor quality socket adapter set . the first time I used the 3/8 adapter the metal ball flew right out of the adapter . If you want a cheap adapter set I would recommend that you buy it from Harbor Freight .
 unknown brand attachment , the image quality are physical but something else , using them with the impact drill I have broken two of these pieces , whether they will buy this type of accessories that are name brand and Avoid discomfort
 Sockets do not stay on the bits.Usable , but not very ... Spend a little more , buy something that works well ...
 not the best . sockets slip out real easy . i suggest getting a better quality not this set . If you need a cheap set that works then this is ok .
 One of this did n't fit in my drill and it does look chip , but that what you pay for .
 I have purchased two of these from the same seller via amazon . The first set was perfect and exactly like in the picture with one slot in the shaft for the bearings in the driver chuck to connect . I liked it , and ordered another to have one in a dedicated portable tool chest . The second set was ordered using the same link , but was not the same socket adapters at all . There were two slim slots in the shaft and got immediately stuck in my dewalt 18 volt impact driver . I had to rip it out with the assistance of vice-grips and persistent knocking with a second wrench . The first set is nice , but the second almost damaged my far more expensive tool .
 I bought them just to have in a milwaukee kit bag I have . I used the 3/8 '' once and put it back in the back with the rest of the attachments and bits . I went to grab it again about a month later , and saw that all 3 of them were rusted to hell . Its fine for what it is , a cheap set of adapters to get you by , but def not high quality . They did hold onto the sockets nicely and didnt crack or bend with an 18v impact on them.Bottom line in my opinion , if you want a set to last you a while and look nice in your toolbox , look elsewhere . If you dont care and just need something to get you by for a weekend , then these will definitely do that .
 You get what you pay for with products like this and I did not pay enough . The product is not ` bad ' but unlike a camera or a chair you can not simply replace it once it is installed . Well you can replace it but it requires a general contractor , a plumber and the loss of the use of your shower for 8 months while you try to find out where the contractor disappeared to after demolishing you shower stall . So six months down the road when you are feeling solvent again after paying for a bathroom remodel you realize you are going to have this for the rest of your life -LRB- or until you sell the house -RRB- and it could be better . Bottom line is buck up and fork out , buy something REALLY NICE because otherwise you have to live with the disappointment staring at you every morning . Byers remorse rarely kicks in when you buy something of true quality but its almost guaranteed when you cut a corner and save 1 % on a big investment like a remodel .
 This product is horrible . I followed the instructions carefully and had freshly painted , clean , dry walls . The product did n't stick for more than 5 minutes . It 's difficult to put on and it does n't work . I am very disappointed since I picked paint colors for my son 's room based on this border and now it does n't work so I need to buy another one which will not match .
 I was just sitting in my bedroom and heard what sounded like someone walking on plastic went to investigate and found my sons border half off the wall and still falling
 I purchased this boarder for my sons room . it went on really well and looks great . The only issue i have is that the boarder wont stay adheard to the wall . It says its easy to remove -LRB- i see that by it removing itself and not sticking to the walls -RRB- but i wish it would just stay where i put it . i now spend every day pushing parts of it back up against the wall . not happy with the sticky backing of this product at all .
 Really disapointed , it looks good but it does n`t stick I followed the instructions and the thing does n`t stay in the wall : -LRB-
 This `` self-stick '' wall border does n't stay stuck to the wall 's in our son 's room . Not sure what the issue is but it keeps coming off .
 its cute but it doesnt stick and the quality of the paper is poor . I spent time putting it up and it just kept falling down . it was very frusterating ; i finally had to go and buy some wallpaper paste . havent used it yet , we shall see if it works ...
 DO NOT BUY THIS BORDER !!!! Not unless you want to be constantly putting it BACK up and then finally breaking down and taping the stupid stuff to the wall . I wish I had bought the prepasted stuff and just done it the hard way ... would have been less work in the long run !
 This product did n't stick on the wall for more than 5 minutes . We had a freshly painted , clean wall and it just fell right off . Complete waste of money .
 I was so excited to receive this product and surprise my son by re-decorating his room for Christmas . It took me quite some to put up the border around my son 's room - I followed the directions exactly . Everyone loved it and it looked awesome ... it really finished the cars theme well in his room . Then about 5 hours later I walked by his room and the border was falling down . I climbed back up on the later and reaffixed it to the wall and really focused on pressing it down well . A few hours later it fell down again . Then I got thumbtacks in the corners to hopefully keep it from falling but the middle of the border sagged and is now only being held up by the thumbtacks . It absolutely doesnt stay affixed to the wall . Really good looking product but the quality is TERRIBLE !! Unfortunately this was a complete waste of money =-LRB- I didnt even want to give it one star but i had to . I 'm completely unsatisfied
 The border itself is very cute and went really well with the blue and red paint we did on the walls . However , it does not stay stuck to the wall . We have a thin doubled sided tape on it right now and it 's holding it for the most part but still have to smooth it down daily . We should have maybe tried border paste . Not sure if the two I got were just bad but I know from other reviews that other people also had problems with it not sticking to the wall . So loved the look of it but was overall disappointed with the product .
 I purchased this item for my son to put up in my grandsons room . He put it up three days ago and it is starting to come down already . Is there a remedy ? I should have read the reviews first because I probably would have gotten it elsewhere .
 After applying the 4 sets of borders that were needed for my son 's room , I needed to immediatly go back to where I started and start reapplying the edges that were starting to fall down already . I had to `` chase '' it around the room to keep it up , then finally ended up grabbing tape to reinforce it . Three hours later it had almost completely fallen down . After another round of fixing and falling down -LRB- with some tearing involved -RRB- the whole thing went into the trash . Walls were clean and smooth and I followed directions , so bottom line - looks cute in the package , does n't stick to walls .
 I painted my grandson 's room because he will be living with me while his parents are deployed in Afghanistan . I bought this border to complete the room and it will not stick to the wall . Why do they state that a border is self-sticking and easy to use if it does not work ? I am so very upset . This was expensive and my grandson will be arriving in a few days to find the room incomplete . Is it possible to add an adhesive to make the border work ? Has anyone had success with this ?
 We were so excited to put this border up in our sons new Lightning McQueen room . We had done a border before in his nursery , and it was no big deal . This product , however , was a disaster ! It would not stick !! The walls were freshly painted and clean . We even let it hang for a day to straighten out . We even tried using border paste -LRB- even though it is supposed to be self-adhesive border -RRB- ... still nothing!We were able to take the product back to where we bought it and the lady there even said she could n't get it to work for her.Bottom line
 loved the way it looked , but it did n't stay on the wall but about 5 mins . Oh well , what 's next .
 If you produce wallpaper border please make sure it sticks to a wall . I had to remove my old wallpaper border in this room with a putty scraper ... I made a playroom for my 4 year old son . I sanded down the walls , new paint , the walls were like new . I put this self stick border around all of the walls and at once noticed it was n't holding in some areas . I smoothed it back over and even helped the border along with pieces of scotch tape every few feet to keep it from lifting . I put the border up on a Wednesday night ... I came downstairs on Friday morning and an entire 9ft . run of the border was sagging off the wall all the way to the floor . 36 hours ! For the three rolls I bought that works out to about a dollar an hour and now it all sits in a garbage can . This product is easily in the top 5 all times wastes of my money . I understad the benefits of self stick and easy take down border ... but not to where it takes itself down .
 This is a completely adorable , waste of time . It sticks for about 5 minutes then peels itself off the wall . I tried applying wallpaper paste to see if that would fix it with no luck . I finally resorted to using TAPE . Very frustrating .
 Bought this product and it did n't stick at all except to one wall in my son 's room . Bought some more thinking that maybe the wall was n't completely dry . Waited a week and tried it again , same result . Called Blue Mountain -LRB- the company that makes it -RRB- and was told there was nothing they could do and to call Amazon ! I 'm like , `` It 's your product ?!! '' DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 Product was n't what we were looking for . These are not typical suspenders . No stretch but great for holding up a tool belt . Amazon was very gracious on this return ! Thanks !
 I bought this based on the reviews and have had nothing but trouble . The wobble in the wheels is so overwhelming that it 's almost not usable , even after dressing the wheels . I took it apart and found that spacers on it were not true , so I ordered replacements . They were better , but the thing still has an unaaceptable wobble . I blame the design . This thing is junk .
 I am a DeWalt fan and may well own % 50 of their product line , but I wo n't own this . If you want the same thing buy the $ 69 grinder and a can of yellow paint -LRB- Frequently bought together -RRB- and you will have the same quality of tool.I set it on the work bench plugged it in and turned it on , and Immediately the entire work bench began to vibrate . My Dewalt 20 volt charger with battery in it nearly walked off the bench along with other things.Even Walmart laughs at this thing , talk about cheap Chinese junk with an explanation point !! I returned it and bought the Metabo , it may be twice as much in cost , but it will grid anything to precision , unlike the DeWalt which with unbalanced wheels will only be good for lawn mower blades .
 I fell for this one . I thought the 8 `` DeWalt Bench Grinder was going to live up to the DeWalt name , guess again.Firstly , It arrive with scratchers all over the exterior of it . I thought no worries it will get scratched with me using it . Then I tried putting it together . Forget about the instruction , they were written for some thing else not a bench grinder.I then realized I did not have all the parts . Both the eye protection screens were missing , along with the two 1/4 bolts to mount the grinder to a work bench.This is were my blood presser went up . I tried to call for help . The only help I could get was to ship it back at my expense , no go . Then I finally got hold of somebody at DeWalt to find out Black and Decker now owns them . Therefore I paid for a product with DeWalt 's name on with Black and Decker 's quality . Had I know that I could have gone it Wally World and bought some cheep product there.So then I decided to use my own bolts to mount it . No go either . If you want to mount this to a wooden work bench with 2x6 's as the working surface you will have problems . You ca n't get a bolt through the holes as the main motor is in the way . I had to strip it down , put my bolts in , then reassemble the base unit.The finally straw was once I had it all bolted down and did a power check , I decided to change the one disk to a wire wheel . What bad engineering , you have to loosed four screws on the side cover and to do that you have to turn the machine on its back to get to two of them . To do that you have to loosen the bolts , disassemble the base and then turn it over just to get the cover off . NOT a 5 min quick change.Do I like it now , Yes . Had I know this before hand I would not have bought a Black and Decker bench grinder with a yellow DeWalt name on it.Day 2 . So after yesterdays problems I thought a new day would lead to better results . You guessed it , nope.I put the wire wheel on and could see it does not sit in the center of the housing . Therefore the tool rest is useless as the grove in the tool rest does not line up with the wheel . Also because the wheel sits further to one side it now rubs on the housing . And finally the vibrations and wobble are so bad I ca n't use it.I call customer care and they have asked me to take it to the closest service center . So I now have a 30min drive to take this piece of junk and have some expert take a look at it . I 'm not holding my breath on this one.Would I recommend it now . NO
 I 'm a long time Dewalt owner and fan . My first purchase was shortly after Black and Decker bought the brand years ago . I 've always been impressed with the quality and value of all my Dewalt tools , -LRB- 7 at last count -RRB- . Unfortunately as others have reported , this grinder is of very poor quality and a big disappointment . I too experienced the wooble that others have reported but to me it looks like it was the left side arbor . When I started it up after unpacking it I could n't believe how bad it vibrated . Obviously grinders like this one need to be bolted down , but when you have a hard time holding it to the bench during the initial test run because of the excesive vibration , there 's a problem . The other issues I noticed with the grinder were also previously noted by others . The color is not Dewalt yellow and the overall qulity such as the housing casting is visually very poor.My mistake for not researching better and reading all the reviews upfront , but I have always liked my Dewalt tools so much that I did n't even bother . Kudos and thanks to Amazon for the quick pick-up and refund of my money .
 TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT : Received my new DEWALT DW758 with excitement . Before ordering , I read the customer reviews , so there seems to be a `` mixed quality '' of product shipping from DEWALT - thus , being aware of a possible `` gamble '' of what I would receive , it was a reasonable price . I have other Dewalt products , yet this grinder , in particular soon turned into total disappointment.MOTOR / BASE FRAME CASTING
 One of the wheels wobbled . Bad QA . I returned it . Amazon 's return policy is excellent .
 My grinder has the same problem many others have reported . The wheels are far out of true . This leads to high vibration and will certainly shorten the life of the grinder . I 'm still trying to decide what to do . Exchange it for another from Amazon , ship it to a Dewalt service center for exchange , or just get a refund and buy another brand . There 's another option that might also work - buy higher quality wheels from a different company . The latter would likely be the best option if it was n't so costly .
 Dewalt should be ashamed for putting their name on this product . The wheels ran out of round and shimmied side to side so bad that the grinder vibrated and shook my extremely heavy duty work bench . I tried reseating the wheels on the arbors but it did n't help . Did n't bother getting a dial indicater out to check arbor runout but simply put this piece of scrap back in the box for return to Amazon . Will now bite the bullet and purchase a Baldor .
 I first want to say that I am a huge DeWalt tool fan ... HUGE ! I own 5 cordless DeWalt drills from 12volt to 36volts . A 36volt sawzall , 2-lights -LRB- 18volt and 36volt -RRB- , 18volt circular saw , 36volt metal shearer , drill bits , 7 tool cases , numerous hand saws and misc hand tools . Also a DeWalt compressor . I Love all my tools ... no complaints at all ... until I ordered this 8 '' bench grinder.When it came time to buy another bench grinder for my arsenal ... you guessed it ... I wanted a DeWalt ! It was rated as the top 10 best bench grinders to buy.Well , as soon as I received it from UPS ... I could n't wait to plug it in and hear it run . The only thing I got was some humming coming out of the motor ... basically `` Dead in the water '' . I was really dissapointed ... I know this was made in China , but come on DeWalt ... where is your quality control on this import ???? If this was my first DeWalt purchase , I would never buy another product from them.Amazon was great as always for sending UPS to come pick it up and they credited my account within days ... Kudos to Amazon!Sorry DeWalt but an advid fan of yours is leaving negative feeback for a bench grinder that should have been tested before leaving the MFG plant.Poor quality control as far as I 'm concerned.I 'll probably buy a Metabo , Baldor , Milwaukee or the Palmgren USA version ... much more money but obviously with bench grinders , you get what you pay for.I 'm really not one for leaving negative feedback but I feel this is the only way a company like DeWalt will pay attention and hopefully do something ... . I say `` Hopefully '' : -RRB-
 this grinder needs a lot of amperage to get it moving . I had to use a 30 amp circuit to get it to work . It may not have need this much amperage if the grinding wheels had not been shaped like the wheels on a cartoon car . I guess this is what you get when you think you 're buying an American made product -LRB- Dewalt -RRB- only to find out later that it 's made in China . No more Dewalt tools for me .
 Cheap China crap . Do n't waste your money . Out if the box turned it on and would n't even go unless you spun it by hand . Called Dewalt and they had me call a service center . Called the service center and they said I had to bring it in to see what was wrong . The service center is 60 miles away . You should n't have to drive a brand new tool 60 miles to drop off and then go back and pick it up . I thought Dewalt stood for something but I guess it stands for junk now days . Sent it back and bought a Dayton . The extra money was well worth it .
 I have numerous Dewalt products and they are all very good . This bench grinder is very good after I completely took it apart and installed the missing and damaged parts . The parts were sent to me by Dewalt . The unit appeared to have been assembled by a kid .
 I 'm very disappointed in the grinder , it vibrates quite a bit due to the out of round , balance , and wobble of the wheels .
 I just received this grinder from Amazon . The first thing I noticed was that it is not the normal Dewalt Yellow color . This one is kind of a muted Orange . On the label it says `` Made in China '' . The assembly instructions do not match what comes in the box . The instructions state that there is a right and left tool rest . I could not tell any difference between the two . The directions did not tell me what to do with the extra star washers . I put them where I thought they might do some good.After scratching my head assembling the tool rest , I was ready to plug it in . I pushed the switch to turn it on and nothing . I checked the plug , I had power . I tried the switch again and it worked . The switch works intermittently . If you push it hard and deliberate it will turn on . If you simply push it to the on position like you would turn on a light switch it does not work.At the end of the day I have a brand new orange grinder that may or may not turn on when I want it to . I can not recommend that anyone purchase this grinder .
 As a technology educator with more than 50 years of shop time , I can not recommend this grinder , unless smooth performance is not a criteria for you.I began by purchasing 2 DEWALT DW756 6-Inch Bench Grinders . The first one shook pronouncedly and made a metal on metal sound as it started up . Amazon customer service was very helpful and sent another the next day . Not as bad as the first , but this machine too vibrated too much . . and the wheels visibly wobbled as the machine slowed . Removing the wheels in an attempt to discover the source of the vibration , I noticed that the grinding wheels had rather soft plastic inserts at their center . The Palmgren 's wheels had precisely drilled holes directly into the wheel itself , which is a standard mark of Quality in such things!Both DeWalt 's went back to Amazon.Checked out Baldor grinders . Had one in our school shop . 30 years of problem free use with middle school kids ... . Superb quality but too costly for my budget ... So I looked further.Then read reviews on the Palmgren 82061 . Not many reviews ... but the minor issues were asides rather than addressing any `` real '' problems.So I bought a Plamgren 82061 , and thought a small old company which makes only a few product lines , might be a better choice.When I unpacked the Palmgren and plugged it in ... . It ran very smoothly and the wheels had almost no wobble . No plastic inserts . Holes were accurately made in the wheel material itself ... not plastic bushings.It also took an unexpectedly long time to slow to a stop . Good bearings , reasonably accurate machining , and a well a balanced armaturemight have something to do with this.The rest of the difference appears to be the result of better stones and cast aluminum inner wheel flanges which extend for 2 '' or so along the shaft back to the bearing area next to the `` motor '' section.DeWalt 's engineers thought that identical stamped cup washers with the inner ones resting on small shaft shoulders was a sensible approach to making a $ 100.00 class grinder.I disagree , and the folks at Palmgren demonstrate a better way!In my estimation the Palmgren hits the sweet spot , combining good engineering , decent Chinese quality and a reasonable cost.Spend a few bucks more and experience the benefits of superior engineering.My son , who owns one of these Dewalts , was very impressed , and wished he 'd bought the Palmgren too .
 This was not my favorite Dewalt purchase . It 's very difficult to use the grinding wheels as they are located too close to the motor housing . There is not a lot of room to manuever your work . The other downside is that the motor diameter is almost the same as the grinding wheel itself . I installed a 6 '' diameter wire brush on one side and could not keep the arbor nuts tightened . I should have saved up and Spent the extra money to purchase a Baldor grinder .
 I looked for a cause of the wheel wobble and found that the step on the shaft that the clamping washers bear on was not machined accurately , also the step is quite narrow and does n't leave much of a surface to mount to I concluded that this was not anything I was willing to put up with and sent the thing back . The good thing is that Amazon paid the return shipping . All in all lots of this imported stuff does n't measure up . Not that quality is n't possible but the $ rules and you get the result in the finished product .
 The grinder seemed to be built strongly . After mounting to my bench and turning on , the grinder had a terrible vibration , enough to make tools vibrate off my work bench . After looking closely , I found that the course wheel was close to an 1/8 '' out of balance . When I tried to remove the wheel , I found that it was impossible to remove the wheel cover with first unbolting the grinder from my bench due to it having 2 screws that go in from the bottom . I decided to return it and look for a better , more user friendly alternative.Pros
 I recieved my set a few weeks ago and it 's already back were it came from . That is to say , I shipped it back . This is a very low end bit set . The metal box it came in was bent and very difficult to open . Once open , the bits did n't stay in their holdings very well at all . The bits themselves are poor quality . Your better off spending the extra money for a higher quality set .
 I did not get what I expected when I bought this set of drill bits . I was fooled by the too good to be true price . While all the bits were sharp , every one I used -LRB- 12 bits -RRB- on their first project was bent out of the package . I expect bits to be sharp and straight - these were only sharp . They seem to work adequately on thin guage aluminum with a hand drill . If you need a filler set for occasional home projects , this set might be worth the money . If you need precise diameter holes - go elsewhere . Unlike other reviewers , I found the metal case to be adequate - probably by dumb luck , not design . This was my first Yukon tool , and due to it 's quality - probably my last .
 This set is the set for you if you do n't need to drill a round hole . Many of the bits just are not straight . Some of the larger diameter bits have so much runout that they cause the power drill to vibrate . I checked the bad bits in a Porter-Cable and a Milwaukee drill so ensure myself it was n't the fault of the chuck . I should have known you get what you pay for .
 This Bit Set is one of the biggest pieces of junk I have ever made the mistake of purchasing . The outer case was bent to the point where the lid does not close . The rivets used to attach the hinges were loose . The rivets used to attach the bit carriers to the case had been barely set . Some of the smaller bits were so short they could only be retreived by using tweezers . The length of the bits was bizzare at best . That is , some small diameter bits were an inch longer than other bits with twice the diameter . There was no progression in bit length ; instead , the lengths seemed to be totally random . The entire package arrived reeking of oil and the bits were obviously oily . The so-called titanium finish -LRB- and it WAS only a finish -RRB- looked more like someone had heated the bits in a very hot flame . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I purchased this Bosch 83038 and proceeded to route hinges . Well I started fine tuning for a 3 1/2 '' hinge with a 5/8 '' radius . I have n't been able to find the correct router bit and templent guide . I read one of these reviews and found where a 1 1/4 '' router bit and a 1 3/8 '' templent guide will do the job . This combination produces a perfect 5/8 '' radius but the Bosch 83038 does not have sufficent adjustments for a 3 1/2 '' hinge . The closest I can get is by setting the hinge pin at 3 1/2 '' and completely removing the 2 screws and the plate on the fine adjustment . This produces a router pattern which is about 1/8 '' two large . I bought this kit inorder to produce perfect hinges . I was able to get within 1/8 '' with my old method . I 'm currently in the process of elongating the 2 holes in the fine adjustment plate . I 'm dissapointed with the lack of information provided by Bosch . You would think that Bosch believes the 5/8 '' radius is some rare cut . For information I 'm using a Porter/Cable 7529 plunge router .
 the 83038 simply sucks . i had a handfull of doors that i had to hang , and figured that i might as well go out and finally get me a nice jig.so i spent the $ 275.00 the local lumber company wanted.i hung 4 doors and on my 5th door pieces started falling off -LRB- the piece that serves as a stop against the door -RRB- . i was surprised on how cheap this tool is made.well anyway . i took it back and bought a vintage stanley at a pawnshop that needed a few replacement parts.its quality is incomparible to the new bosch .
 i bought this as a time saver seem to spend much of that time repairing the rivets that holdthe jig against the door or frame the pins that fall out and fitting different shims and filing down bits in all a waste of time and money
 THERE ARE SEVERAL DISAPOINTMENTS WITH THIS KIT . 1st . THERE IS NO ROOM IN THE CARRYING CASE FOR THE 4th . HINGE TEMPLATE . 2nd . THEY MAKE THE TEMPLATE SO THAT YOU HAVE TO USE THERE ROUTER GUIDE . 3rd . THERE GUIDES CAN ONLY BE USED IN BOSH ROUTERS . 4th . THEY DO NOT MAKE AN ADAPTER SO THAT YOU CAN USE THER GUIDE ON OTHER ROUTER 'S . AFTER ASKING THEM HOW CAN I GET THERE TEMPLATE GUIDE TO WORK WITH MY HITACHI OR POTACABLE ROUTERS , THERE REPLY WAS TO BUY A BOSH ROUTER . MY SUGGESTION WOULD BE UNLESS EVERY TOOL YOU OWN IS A BOSH DONT BOTHER . PORTACABLE MAKES A GOOD KIT FOR LESS , AND YOU DONT HAVE TO USE ONLY THERE BRAND GUIDES AND ROUTERS .
 For what this hinge template costs , it should come with all the hinge template shapes and sizes as well as the PROPER router attachment . Bosch said they have little interest in this item and the router attachment is one they have thrown in the box for thePast 20 yrs . They do not even provide one that fits on a Bosch router . Huh ???
 If you are simply looking to see whether or not I think you should buy this tool , my simple answer is `` NO '' . Here 's the long answer : We used to work for a very large custom millwork company , and for a long time we used the Porter-Cable template . Our boss was careless , and regularly nicked the template with the router . Over time , replacing full single hinge templates got costly , so we switched to the Bosch kit because of being able to replace smaller parts . That kit worked quite well and solved those problems.Since then , we 've left that company and started our own . Using our knowledge from the previous company , we chose the Bosch 83038 kit over the Porter-Cable . That leads me to my need to write this review.Upon first impression , this kit comes in a nice , sturdy box . When I took the template out , and tried to get accustomed to it , I noticed that the spacer rails did not fit into the templates . After a lot of filing , they finally slid in . I then found that if you slide them past the opening , they lock up again on the raised lettering on the template itself . After more filing , this problem was fixed.Next thing I noticed , the top gauge assemblies . The stop tab is made of a very malleable metal , and one actually came out of the box twisted . This does n't make for any kind of repeatability.I went to set up my router -LRB- a Ridgid router , which I Highly recommend -RRB- to mortise . Bosch claims that this kit is fully compatible with the `` competition 's '' template guides . While this is true , the provided router bit does not work -LRB- safely -RRB- with a Porter-Cable style template guide with a ring that screws on from the inside of the router base . In order to get the right mortise depth , the bit has to be inserted with enough of the 1/4 '' shaft exposed that you seriously risk bending the shaft and/or throwing the bit . If you plan on using this kit with a non-Bosch router , be prepared to use a longer bit.Getting to actually using this template kit , I had to make wooden rails to accommodate the windows I was mortising , which is n't a huge deal . after that , I noticed that there is no depth setting for 1 1/2 '' thick doors , so I had to shim the template every time I used it.The spring loaded nails are most definitely stronger that those on the Porter-Cable . The trade-off is that the larger diameter at the top makes it trickier than it should be to pull the nails out with a standard claw hammer , as the cutout in the claw wo n't fit around it.I had spent about a day of mortising and hanging windows , and came to one that gave me problems . I mortised it , and when I hung it , the reveal at the top was 1/8 '' larger than all the rest were -LRB- with the same jig settings -RRB- . I came to find out that the screw that locks the top gauge assembly had loosened and the gauge had moved . This left me having to hand mortise the hinges 1/8 '' higher , and do a repair to fill the lower portion of the mortise.One of the big selling points of this template is that you can get parts for each of the templates if you nick them . I have mortised many doors now , and work at a pretty fast rate . I 've never nicked a template . Just do n't be careless and you 'll be fine.All that said , this kit has caused me nothing but headaches . We will be switching to the Porter-Cable kit . _____________________________ This is an addition several months later.We now also have the Porter Cable template guide , and I use them for different purposes . I find that the Porter Cable is MUCH more adjustable and accurate . The Bosch is slightly better for 6-8 or 7-0 doors , but I do n't like it for any other sizes.We noticed a large problem with the jamb stop -LRB- provides the proper gap at the top of the door -RRB- . It uses a rivet as a pivot point , so you can rotate the stop to fit on both the left and right hand sides of a jamb . We thought that the metal tab -LRB- the part that was rotating -RRB- was twisted , as door pairs were not being hung evenly . It turns out that on both stops provided , the rivet is not straight , so no matter what , the tab will be higher on one side than the other.This may not sound like a big deal , until you see the results . When I 've hung door pairs , one door always hangs at least 1/8 '' lower than the other . This is VERY noticeable.I 've managed to fix this problem , but it involved serious modification and using the stop entirely differently than intended.I would not buy this product again if I had the choice . None of the critical components worked the way they should have out of the box . This resulted in many hours trying to fix the problems with the template , and many hours trying to fix the problems this template caused.Buy the Porter Cable instead .
 I purchased this tool for a job where I had to hang 12 doors , all flush solid core stain grade maple , valued at $ 350.00 each . Throw in the cost of the custom made maple jambs , mistakes were just not an option on the hinge mortises . This tool disappointed me right away . Once you 've interpreted and applied the somewhat vague instructions , set-up is relatively simple . The problem I had was that the template sections moved when I transfered the jig from the door to the jamb . Most times , the sections moved only slightly so it was n't noticeable until after the mortises were routed and the door was getting hung . By then , too late , break out the maple colored putty and stand by for customer complaints . Hand tightening the supplied thumbscrews would not hold the sections reliably , and when I applied slightly more than hand tight pressure with a pair of channel locks , the bolts stripped and broke every time . I finally bored out the threaded holes and replaced the thumb screw set-up with 1/4 '' machine bolts with a nut and washer . This modification makes for a very time consuming set-up , but at least it would hold the sections tight . All in all , Porter Cable has a ways to go on this tool to make it an every day reliable jig for use by a professional installer . It could be improved upon considerably . I 'll keep it for occasional cautious use , but it 's not really worth the price I paid .
 This template kit is roughly made . Not easy to keep set up for any length of time -LRB- screws loosen -RRB- . Can be a knuckle scraper . Problem setting the center template the same for the flip flop on the jamb.I would expect a tool of this type would be made of extruded Aluminum for better accuracy of measurment . I would pay more for such a tool . The price equals the quality on this one.I have been a carpenter for 35 years , hinged a lot of doors in that time . Pre-hung doors are the choice of course , but sometimes you have to do them on site . This tool would n't be my first choice .
 May 19 , 2012I tried to submit an Online Contact Form on the Porter-Cable website , but I only received the inexplicable error message `` A problem has been encountered . Your question could not be processed . `` I then tried to use Outlook to send an email to support@portercable-delta.com as recommended by Gineen Cargo , but received a reply indicating `` Delivery has failed to these recipients or distribution lists
 Be careful . This product is Made in India not in the USA as the description says few times . The leather is certainly not even closer to the `` finest quality U.S. hides '' . The product does not even look closer to the picture . The item pictured is the old one that was US made , but what you will get is a copy made in India that is not even closer to the original . At $ 89 this item is very high priced . Amazon please correct the description and remove any USA reference from it .
 This product was exactly as the only review said . I thought that by now the description and photowould match the actual product . Nope , not even close .
 I purchaced this product because I needed a hinge template asap and this is the one that I could find that could ship the earliest . Although it did get the job done -LRB- on site hanging of eleven doors -RRB- it did n't make the job very easy . I had to be very careful when I was adjusting the distance guide for setting the top hinge because when I tighten the holding screw it would move the spacing bar causing the door and the jamb hinge pockets not to line up as they should and the back of the jig was not made heavy enough so the back of the hinge pocket had a curve to it . Also the hinges fit sloppy in the finished pocket . I am glad that they provided more nails than needed to secure the jig to the door as the kept bending when the jig was removed from the door . As I stated earlier it did get the job but I should have waited for a better one to come available and it does reinforce my belief that you get what you pay for .
 I agree with the previous reviewer that you get what you pay for . This applies to the customer service as well . Call long distance , request accessories -LRB- the router bit is not provided -RRB- , and never receive them . This is what you should expect . if you do decide to go the low cost route , make sure your router is equipped with a template following set of guides , specifically 1/2 ID x 5/8 OD and that you have the 1/2 dia mortising bit handy as you will not have much luck acquiring them from Carey Template . Call Mike he 'll help -LRB- not ! -RRB- . Anyway , if you do n't have the template guide or the mortising bit you can obtain them for about $ 25 total from MLCSwoodworking.com
 This is a nicely made lantern EXCEPT that the finish is only a surface coat that peels off revealing an unattractive gray metal . I purchased 8 of these at various points over the past 4 years and all are peeling . I live in a mild climate so I was surprised . I contacted the manufacturer - Whitehall Products - and was told there is a one year warranty and they take no responsibility for their products after that . Given the high cost of these lanterns the manufacturer should do better - both in applying a better finish to begin with and standing behind their products after they are sold . I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THESE.Update
 My new Kett KE440 shears quit after one hour of use . Motor was n't getting juice , loose wire . It took Kett an unreasonably long time to turn around the warranty repair , and they had to be called once and asked where is it . Seems the product quality is low , and the people are n't too concerned about their buyers . Buy a DeWalt , I did .
 UNIT LOOKED USED WHEN IT ARRIVED WENT TO CUT THIN STEEL 20GUAGE AND SCREW HOLDING BLADES FELL OUT ALONG WITH THE CENTER BLADE.I HAVE USED KETT SHEARS AND NEVER HAD A PROBLEM TILL I ORDERED -LSB- this -RSB- ...
 Purchased this drill and it failed 35 days later . Sioux refused to replace and had me send it to third party repair company . It has now been at the repair facility for two months . It appears from Sioux 's response to my complaints that they consider this adequate service .
 False advertising
 The original bulb in my lava lamp had lasted over 10 years . It was getting dim and not so lavaey so I decided to replace it with this . It died within a month . I replaced that . It died within a month . I replaced it again and guess what ? Yep , dead within a month . This bulb is a POS . Avoid .
 Ordered to use on a work bench . High intensity ; hardly these are very yellow light.Can ' t think of a place to use them except for mood lighting in some weird Sci-Fi Bar .
 The internal gears broke twice in the first few months . The first time it was fixed under warranty . I have n't bothered the second time . Previously I owned a 3/8 drive right angle sioux from the mid-80s . It was a great drill , but I needed the half inch chuck . Since then , snap on tools bought sioux and cheapened the internals of the drill . I 'm a Buy American nut and I feel incredibly ripped off . Also , this same drill is sold under the Milwaukee label .
 Gear train jamed and broke right away . Useless . Junk .
 I bought this piece of junk and built 5 doors . I used this toy to bore the holes . It 's made out of plastic ! It split wood out on the other side of the door ! It caught on itself and buggered up the jig ! This is a toy for use by the non professional . I am very dissatisfied with this Boring Jig . If you want a good one , Templaco Tools Inc. or Kwiklocks.com or just get one that is not made out of plastic !
 I purchased this item expecting to be able to use it on a job that required pre-hanging a houseful of doors . I was very disappointed . It would not perform even to minimum standards and I had to purchase a different brand of jig in order to complete the job . The plastic houseing was of very poor quality . I would recommend anyone considering this item to re-think their purchase .
 I bought this jig for my carpenters to install locks , assuming a Porter Cable jig would be of good quality . When I opened the box , I laughed to discover the plastic housing . The drill fit very poorly , did not spin freely , and did not fit through the hole on the other side of the jig without manipulating it . Tried the quick release and could not get it to disengage without a pair of pliers.Just to see , I gave it to my lead carpenter and without my saying anything , he laughed too . Mr. Pike 's review is from 1999 when , I believe , the jig was metal not plastic . It 's shocking to me that a company that presents itself as selling tools to professionals would ever present such a low class toy . Thank you Amazon for taking it back , I could not risk even trying it on one door .
 I recently purchased this item to bore a house full off doors . Unfortunately , I relied too heavily on Porter Cable 's reputation . The housing is made of thermoplastic , and would not cinch up tight to the first door I tried to bore . After talking to other manufacturers , I returned this item for the classic engineering door jig . What a difference ! The PC is for weekend warriors , while the CE is truly for the working man . Do n't waste your money on this toy .
 I bought this to finish some custom built 2 + '' thick alder doors . I nearly ruined one of them account this plastic piece of crap is unstable . It allows the shank of the bit to wander and thus the hole comes out crooked . There is just too much load on the large hole bit for the integrity of the plastic jig frame . The bolt feed is aggressive and may cause the feed point to get into widows cut into the door . I am totally unhappy with this product . It might work fine on hollow core or softwood doors . I will go back to using a General drill guide to drill a 1/4 '' pilot hole through the door and follow that with the common hole saw .
 Sorry P-C , I ca n't give you the five stars.The third time I used this kit , the 2 1/8 '' bit bound in the door and the plastic arms that hold the guide bushing snapped right off . Fortunately I was able to exchange for a new one . The jig really needs to be solid metal , not plastic.The 1 '' bit is a self-feeding auger bit - works great ! The 2 1/8 '' bit unfortunately is not . I had to put a LOT of pressure on the bit to get it to work . For the price , I was expecting a self-feeding 2 1/8 '' bit.If they could fix these two major flaws , I would give it 5 stars . As I said in the title , this is a great idea with poor execution .
 I used the Porter Cable jig 10-15 times before it started falling apart . Not long after that it was useless . I probably could repair it but for the money it should work flawlessly for a long time . A great idea that was executed badly . It is not worth the money when you can get the Templaco jig for $ 100 more . I use many Porter Cable tools and can only say good things about them . I do n't understand why they allow a tool of such poor quality to have their name on it.Buy the Templaco jig instead . It gives you a lot more bang for the buck . Once you 're spending almost $ 300 for a tool you might as well spend the extra $ 100 and get something that really works .
 My gut told me not to buy this after reading some less than stellar reviews . Well , I did it any way and I regret it . The jig is flimsy , which makes it hard to drill a straight hole . The 1 '' auger bit is WAY TO AGGRESSIVE ! I 'm not trying to hog through studs , here ! After making my drill smoke , I switched over to a spade bit to finish the job . My `` quick change '' drill adapter was n't quick . I could not get it to release the bit without beating on it with a hammer.There is not one good part in this kit , nor is there one good thing to say about this kit . I think I 'll be putting this up on eBay and step up to the Classic Engineering . I 'm a big PC fan and I feel this is a huge let down .
 I would buy some other brand next time . I dont like the plastic construction of the jig . I 've used it on about 70 or 80 doors and is about time to retire it . The jig flexes and does n't clamp to the door good . I would not buy another one .
 I got about eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- doors out of this piece of junk . I would have given it zero stars . Threw it away and got one of the five star rated , all metal jigs and I am now very happy .
 I looked at this and had to pass . It is not well made . It has way too much plastic in it . I waited a little longer and got a TEMPLACO Bore Master BJ115 . I only payed $ 270.00 on Ebay . It is made for commercial use . It also will cut cleaner wholes and is more versatile . If you have a good router it has gigs to make the latch and strike plates cuts . It appears the Porter Cable does n't include the smaller bit used for deadbolts . The Templaco also uses spur bits instead of whole saw bits or flat bits . The only thing I will add is a 7/8 '' bit for use on some locks . I have never heard a bad word about the Templaco 's . For a few dollars more you can get a much better product and more importantly do a better job . I do not want to use a piece of junk and mess up an expensive door or have to hang a new door for that matter . Like they say you are only as good as your tools . You get what you pay for .
 I bought this jig to bore the passage sets on 9 doors for a job I was on . I 've always depended on Porter Cable to supply me with pro quality tools . This is not even close to home owner quality . The supplied 2 & 1/8 '' forstner bit had almost no clearance ground onto the cutter . The result ? Like trying to cut your way through a 2x4 with a butter knife ! I had to hand file it on the job in order to even use it . The 1 '' self feed bit boring worked better , but is VERY aggressive . The self centering guide that it fits into does n't center the bit , and wo n't necessarily guide it correctly either . I had one door I almost blew through the stile into a door panel because it went off at an angle . It was a very UNSATISFYING tool purchase , and very frustrating to use . When I pay this much for a tool , I expect it to work as advertised out of the box . The PC 511 does n't deliver what it advertises .
 I sell and repair tools all day long . This tool is over priced , and has many engineering faults . As with any air tool you need to lubricate it @ the end of every day . This model in particular . It is made of plastic . For the money and power I would go w / a Ingersoll Rand model 231 or 231XP . If you have a few extra bucks and want more power go w / the model 244 . This tool is not worth this much money .
 I never had a chance to even put a nail in this thing . I was on a mission trip to Haiti , and as soon as I put a hammer in the loop , the entire apron separated from the waist cord . What terrible assembly . Since it happened the first second I tried to use it , it got pretty well trashed from laying around , so I ca n't even return it , that was my fault . This is a terrible product ... DO NOT BUY . I only rate it a 1 because zero is n't an option
 Am I the only one that ca n't remove lug nuts off my car . The socket just sits there and does n't move . Could it be that I just have a bad one ?
 I could not remove lugs torqued at 95ft/lbs , just sat there . My air impact easly removed them , and I could remove the lugs by hand without a problem . They were torqued with a torque wrench , Husky brand -LRB- not a cheap wrench -RRB- , not rusted and no extension and impact socket was used -LRB- craftsman -RRB- . Tightening was better but not even 95 ft/lbs , and you have to stay on the wrench along time and it will get very hot . I do not tighten with an impact normally but I wanted to see what the tool would do . Tried 3 of them from a local store , could not be an isolated problem , bad design for non woodworking use .
 I bought this wrench to work on automobiles at home . I had hoped to use it on lug nuts and `` stubborn '' nuts and bolts . I was very disappointed when it would not take off lug nuts which I had hand torqued to 100 ft/lbs . I am almost able to hold the socket still just with my hand.This wrench is useless for automotive work . Perhaps it could be of use in deck building , such as tightening up carriage bolts , etc.Very unfortunate .
 Only comes with router bit for 1/4 '' radius hinges which are virtually non-existent . Almost all hinges today are 5/8 '' radius . The 5/8 '' bit is impossible to find even on line , and as another reviewer noted , the manufacturer has no intent of making the bit available with 1/4 '' shaft . So , tool is basically useless unless you happen to be installing 1/4 '' radius hinges . Shipping back to Amazon . Guess I 'll revert to hammer and chisel . Makes me wonder what genius at the manufacturer -LRB- DC Precision Tools -RRB- is making the decisions -LRB- so much for buying `` Made in USA '' -RRB- .
 COSTLY AND TOO DIFICULT TO USE FOR THE NOVICE . EVEN THE PEOPLE WHO INSTALLED MY 14 DOORS DID N'T WANT TO USE IT .
 I do n't know what the other reviewers got that was worth 5 stars but what I got sure was n't . First of all , they do not fit all C class chucks . They are bass ackwards for the Nova G3 Chuck by Tekna Tool and from everything that I could find on it the Nova chuck is supposed to be a C class chuck . But even if they had fit I would have sent them back . With only the 3 holes to choose from there are large gaps in the diameters that they will hold . They need at least 5 or 6 holes to have overlapping sizes that each set of holes will fit . Then they will fit any diameter between the min and max . Its very frustrating to find out that after you get the bowl turned and took the other jaws off of the chuck to put these on and the chuck back on the lathe only to find that when you try to chuck on the bowl , it wont fit , too small for the farthest out holes to work and the jaws wont go small enough . Move the pins in to the next set of holes , now the bowls too big and the jaws wont run out big enough . So whats the use of having them?And to top it all off , turn them over and stamped on the back what do you see ? That trade mark of quality , Made In China ! -LRB- that 's sarcasm there -RRB- The ones that I got were still rough castings all over . The areas on the back of them that fit against the hard jaws or master jaws of the chuck are still rough casting . This makes the jaws sit cockeyed . The locating surfaces should be machined so they sit flat on the master jaws . They should at least have the rough goobers from the casting ground off . These do n't even have the rough edges from the mold ground off . They probably cost a whole 25 cents , or less , to be made in Chine then PSI marks them up 10,000 % and sells them here . After being a machinist for over 20 years if I was the machinist that made these things I would be embarrassed to let anybody see them and ashamed of myself to try to sell them . Whoever made these cut every corner they possibly could to make them as cheap as possible . The only way they could have been made cheaper would be to cast the holes in them instead of drilling them . As it is they only drilled half as many holes as they should have . Just because woodturning does n't require the same precision that machining does is no excuse to make such poor quality tools to do it.At least with the Nova G3 Tekna Tool chuck I could go to WoodCraft and get a set jaws that are good ones . They may cost twice as much but they sit flat on the master jaws and have 6 holes in them to have overlapping coverage of diameters .
 I purchased this kit several months ago , based on the excellent customer reviews . The reason for the purchase was -LRB- and is -RRB- I had several expensive speciality interior doors to install and I wanted to get things right the first time . This is versus my normal practice of having to do many things twice . I installed the kit per the instructions , started boring and within 3 minutes -LRB- or less -RRB- the bore bit sheared at the connection to the chank . I did not torque it and the pressure was moderate to light . Based on the others feedback , I suspect mine had a manufacturing flaw -LRB- not to sweet on a 300 $ item -RRB- . Now I get to waste my time trying to return it or get a replacement bit . Needless to say , I am disappointed hence my 1 star ...
 I ordered one , parts missing , returned . Ordered a second , parts missing again , container opened , returned again . I really want one of these and will have to purchase it locally . Amazon was great about returning the items but I do not wish to order a third one with parts missing .
 I am really excited about this template ... and pretty dissappointed too . Our trade is finish carpentry and we do a lot of high end custom doors . This was the completion of our full mortice machine -LRB- nothing else like it for morticing full mortice lock boxes 5 * for sure -RRB- . We have two substantial problems with this template :1 - as we tighten the clamps to the door , the teeth do not stay parallel . They actually open up and push the template away from the door -LRB- and not consistantly -RRB- , giving us up to 1/16 gap at times between the door and the template . This makes precise depth control very difficult .2 - There is a little bit of wiggle and play in the bottom of the adjustable template . Where the router makes contact with the template at the bottom of the mortice , there is more than 1/16 '' wiggle because it only has contact on one side . Again , for precision , this is unacceptable.We used the template on 3 doors and are now sending it to a local machine shop to see if there is anything `` fixable '' with this.Like I said at the top , I love the concept . No more nail/screw holes to hold homemade templates to the door , and no need to carry templates for each strike ... Hopefully it is salvagable .
 When I demoed this tool I was impressed by the power but not by the weight , it is a very heavy tool . But what stood out most in my mind was the flimsy cart . Very cheap feeling and can you believe it has pnuematic tires ! This to me is complete disrespect for the customer , I would have been happy to pay extra to have solid tires on the cart . Its not just the tires , the wheels have no bearings and are very wobbly and the light guage steel and poor quality welds are a joke , K_MART quality at best.Dont expect the cart to last more than a few months tops.The tool is to heavy to haul without the cart so for me its worthless .
 Spring action ! Perfect corners ! Sure , my first reaction to this corner chisel was , `` what a neat little tool '' ; however , after a couple of uses this novelty item now resides at the bottom of one of my tool boxes - and I 'm not missing it . I make doors for a living and routinely have to have to square out notches for hinges . The Porter-Cable 42234 Corner Chisel does n't get my approval for the following reasons :1 . It is difficult to sharpen .2 . It does n't sit in my hand comfortably and on several occasions slipped when I tapped it , thus screwing up my corner .3 . I 've already got chisels that can do this job ; why did I spend -LRB- $ -RRB- on this ?
 I do not know exactly where they get these , but I have seen them popping up all over the place under various brand names from different sources . Seeing as how they all look the same , I suspect they are made in the same place and sold to various distributors with slightly different colors or specs . I would be surprised if any American company pays more than one dollar a piece for them.I got a chance to see one in action the other day . It was a rush-job , -LRB- like always -RRB- to finish the upstairs of a residence before the deadline and on budget . A journeyman carpenter was actually bragging to the trim crew that he could mortise the door hinges faster than `` the old man '' -LRB- me -RRB- because of this nifty new tool he had acquired . He routed the bulk of the hinge-mortise with a decent jig and laminate-trimmer , then proceeded to hack away at the corners with this thing . He neglected to practice using the tool first , and he also forgot that he would need to use a regular chisel to finish the job.Now , I have used standard corner chisels before , and they can help speed up certain operations . That is assuming you have a good corner chisel and know how to use it.The idea behind this is contrivance that it `` self-registers '' to the corner from two sides , then you whack the steel post which drives the blade , -LRB- presumably -RRB- perfectly into the corner . Even if it worked perfectly , -LRB- which is does NOT -RRB- you would still have to pare to the corner with a regular chisel . When I picked up this kid 's tool and examined it , I saw the blade / post is cheap steel , and the stamped steel guide is flimsy and ill-fitting . That means it does n't hold the business end accurately or well and it probably would not last very long even if you could get it to work . The blade is held loosely but it binds if you hit it off center , which he did . When I pressed the blade out of the guide , I saw that it was poorly ground and not sharp ... both bad things for any cutting tool.Well , the poor kid used it , hashed on his first two attempts and then started swearing . It took a lot of clean up to fix his mistake caused by trusting this cheap tool . He tried again on the bottom hinge-mortise , hit too hard and stuck the chisel into the cheap hollow-core door.Meanwhile , I had all three of my mortises chiseled clean , drilled pilot holes , installed hinges and was starting to hang my door when the kid threw this thing down the 2-story chute into the waste bin . -LSB- ... -RSB- If you like the idea and want a good one , Lee Valley sells a much more sensible magnetic design -LRB- the Veritas magnetic corner chisel -RRB- that looks like it might actually work . It is precision ground from hardened A2 tool steel and has an accurate aluminum magnetic guide block . The magnetic idea seems MUCH better than the cheap metal plate held on by two little screws . The magnetic design would allow a better feel for the transmission of power from your hammer , and would allow a better line of sight . It is also thirty-five bucks ... as you would expect . If I had to do nothing else but chop hinge-mortises all day , that would be the one I 'd invest in . As it is , with a regular chisel , `` the old-man '' mortised and mounted three doors while the kid with this tool was still explaining to the foreman why he ruined an eighty-dollar door.I always wondered who buys this kind of cheap gimmick . Now I know at least one demographic ... inexperienced kids.The kid had to stay late to inlay-patch the botched mortises , wait for the glue to dry , trim the patches flush , then re-mortise for hinges and hang the door . When he finally got to the bar , I bought him a beer . We all laughed . Lesson learned.It is disheartening to see a venerable company like PC selling crap like this . Maybe their marketing guys thought it would help sell more routers and jigs .
 a product that has no real use . the blade is about 5mm to 10mm either side so it allows just as much room for error when extending your check out . there is no sight or way of lining up the blade to your pencil mark so your shooting blind . in sumary how to make an easy job hard . Why would you even produce this is beyond me , but you never know sometimes these type of products work
 It appears to be difficult to find a reasonably sharp corner chisel . The Porter Cable corner chisel is the same generic , Chinese-made corner chisel that everyone sells . Sometimes they 're sharp , sometimes they 're dull . More than likely , you 'll get one somewhere in between.Rather than gamble on getting a sharp Chinese-made corner chisel , why not buy a corner chisel that you can count on to be sharp
 Do they charge more for a sharp one ? This thing is so dull it would bruise butter . I 'm sending it back . Shame on Porter Cable for selling such a poor quality product .
 I purchased the Porter Cable Spring Loaded Corner model 42234 and after I attempted to mortise a hinge prep I found that the blade was so dull that it would not be able to cut Balsa Wood . I did find another maker of this type corner chisel on the web made by Templaco Tool Co. in California at a cheaper discount than the Porter Cable . It is very sharp and works great .
 This corner chisel is designed well , but unfortunately it is not very well sharpened . It mashes wood fibers instead of cutting them . In the end , I went back to my flat chisel to square out the corners .
 They were really cheap so I did n't expect too much to begin with , but with them selling them as `` replacement filters '' I thought there might be a chance in hell they 'd be legit ... Wrong . They are ancient and none of them look the same . Might make a good prop for a home-made film or something . Definitely a no-go for intended use .
 Worst tool i ever bought , almost falls apart as you plane the door , racks so far out of square that the sharp corners dug into door . Whole thing is made out of cheap aluminum angle stock and rivets . does not stay in the open postion as it cant hold it 's own weight . I threw whole thing in the trash and spent the couple extra dollars for the Denpo door holder .
 For the weight of the ladder this bag needs to better constructed . One seam has already split and I 've only taken out of the bag 3 times ! The fit itself is good .
 Bought this bag when I purchased a larger Telesteps ladder . . I wast charactarized as being canvas . It is actually a woven plastic material that looks like canvas . My previous Telesteps bag for my smaller ladder is canvas and is still in good condition after ten years . Unfortunately , the same ca n't be said for this latest bag . Both zippers are completely separated and useless . The bag is already torn . I lay my ladder on the bag and use the Velcro top to actually close the bag . I ca n't believe Telesteps has allowed this bag to be used for their ladders . Please , Please do not waste your money . This bag is a complete piece of junk sold by a company in Grand Prairie Texas .
 We have a ladder that has almost never been used . It has a broken foot that has crumbled . The bag is even worse , one zipper just came off . Not heavy duty zippeer , be very careful or your bag is junk .
 I 've used Porter-Cable with much success . I tried to save a few dollars and go this route . Trust me , it does n't come close and wo n't hold up for more than a couple of doors . Do yourself a favor and go with Porter-Cable .
 I installed the first Watts 70A in 2007 behind my tankless water heater -LRB- steam boiler with integral domestic hot water heater -RRB- . Well it failed after 2 years of use . The spring inside corroded and broke . I bought a repair kit , which did n't fix it . So I un-soldered it , soldered in a new one , and alas it failed after two years of use . Anyway , I pulled the guts out and turned off the cold supply to it , effectively bypassing it . I 'm going to try a Honeywell mixing valve .
 Does not provide a good clearance of the corner area . If there is a downspout on the cornerboard then it does not clear this .
 I am a home inspector . When I first bought this just over a year ago , for attics , I loved it . I started using it in different areas of the home , all the time . Well , just a couple months ago , the top rung pulled off as I was extending it . I contacted the current manufacturer at the supplied phone number . At first they were friendly , said to send it in with the warranty showing it was less than a year old . I told the man it was just over a year old . He wrote back by Email and said there was `` nothing '' they could do then . I replied that I understood but I would be happy to ship it and pay whatever it takes to fix it . The company asked what part of `` they ca n't help me '' did I not understand . The said it was impossible to supply me with any parts or to do factory repairs . As it is , I tried to figure out how repair it myself and thought I did okay . But yesterday I realized the top two rungs are now only holding on one side ... it almost collapsed on me when fully extended . I can not seem to make them latch , no matter what I do . Since I paid nearly $ 300.00 for this just over a year ago , I am an unhappy customer . It is hard to imagine a so-called professional product in that price range , that can not be repaired for love nor money . Too bad , it sure is handy but not worth trying to fix by one 's self and then taking a serious fall which appears to be a likely scenario as the latches fail one by one .
 I totally agree with other 1-star rater ... ` Telesteps.net ' is printed on the box of the `` Made in China '' product , which I received . It is not the same as the product pictured on Amazon.com nor the same product detailed at ` telesteps.com ' in Sweden . -LRB- see-http : / / www.telesteps.com/arkiv/pdf/en/Telesteps-telescopic_3_3.pdf -RRB- . Releases and locking mechanisms are totally different . The ` Made in China ' product I received did n't have the metal release rings as pictured at Amazon . Instead they have a pair of orange plastic release buttons with questionable engagement capacities . They caution you about getting you fingers smashed if you use the release improperly . Also , the locking clips on each step are not as robust nor ` red ' and more visible for engagement confirmation like in the Swedish version . -LRB- Translation
 Pros
 I loved this thing while tearing off and reroofing from the rafters up my 40 year old roof . Until the darn thing gave on me and tumbled me head first on to my brick patio ! Eighteen stiches and six months of healing bruses later I have some thoughts on this thing.If you paint or use other glue like compounds the ladder needs to be cleaned completely after each use or the latches may not engage completely . In marginal lighting conditions you will not be able to tell the difference . Do n't use it in the partially raised position -- if one latch gives you might have time to catch yourself if the ladder is extended fully.Hey get a good fiberglass ladder and save time and peace of mind !
 The design was great ; but the manufacturing was lousy . We bought one &#60; 4 months ago and have used it no more than 10 times in light duty conditions ; one of the latches is already not locking , it appears that the black plastic &#34; gasket &#34; has slipped for about 1/8-inch , it can not be coaxed back in place . If you buy this product , make sure you register it with the manufacturer , you may need to make use of the 1-yr warranty .
 These ladders are quite ingenious . A very simple plastic fitting and steel pin locks the sections together as they are extended , and they progressively collapse coming down . I 've had 2 . Each lasted about a month of very light use . Soon one of the locking pins wo n't engage and its useless . The first one I sent back and they sent me a re-conditioned one . Another month , the same thing . I 've called . They wo n't give you a drawing of the mechanism to try and fix it or explain how it works , and all the pieces are press-fit so it 's non-repairable outside the factory . They basically said `` too bad '' . After taking it apart I can see what I might have tried for a fix , but too late . They really are unrepairable and the company was no help . Save your money . Too bad there is no `` 0 '' star rating .
 This is not the original telesteps made in Sweden . It 's a knockoff made in China . The marketing co. will tell you the patent was bought by an American co. . This is a lie . There is no warranty and the real teleateps parts may or may not fit . The co. may have gone underground as they will not respond .
 I bought this ladder about 8 to 10 years ago to use in my business . Thank goodness I have n't needed it that often as after only a few uses , the plastic sleeves that align the sections started unseating causing the ladder not to be able to fully `` nest '' . You can take off the feet at the bottom and pull the sleeves out until you get to the one that has unseated and gotten misaligned , reseat it , which is not always easy , replace all the others above , making sure that each one of them is properly seated , and it will then become useable again for a few more times , if you 're lucky.The idea here is wonderful and when it works , it is a godsend . When it does n't , and it did n't with increasing frequency , it is quite the opposite . I did buy this ladder quite some time ago and I would hope that this engineering flaw has been corrected .
 The image shown is of a 90degree bracket . The actual item is a 45degree bracket . I ordered four of these by mistake thinking they were 90degrees !!!!!!!! Now I 'm out 7 days + with my brackets !!!! GET IT RIGHT !!!!!!
 The brace holds the scaffold 30 inches away from the side of the building . I needed it to be at least 36 inches away from the building because the scaffold did not clear the width of my soffit . The brace should be longer , or at least adjustable .
 I just purchased this item because the description says so good about the item and I have other great items made also by Bucket Boss.Well , Bucket Boss does not longer made their belt in the USA . This is now a product made in India . not bad , but not longer as good as the original.Where the description says USA , you should read India .
 I am concerned about the 3954 mobile work platforms stability . When you climb up on the end to get on the platform the opposite end of the platform wants to come off the floor and throw you backwards . Also , when you are standing on the end of the platform it wants to come off the floor on the opposite end . This causes me a little concern about its stability . It is very mobile and light weight and easy to stor and carry around
 This product would be great , if , they came as a pair of hooks with wheels . As it comes , however , as a single item , it is not adequate to move a ladder by itself . The cost , which is not insignificant , indicated to me that I would receive a pair of hook and wheels , and a review from a subscriber blatantly told the readers that they came in pairs . That was why I ordered a set , I thought . I returned mine .
 These should be sold as a pair since a single hook is not useful . The second product review indicates that two hooks are included in an order and this is not correct .
 A freind of mine bought a set same price I liked them so I ordered thinking it was two did , t know they changed it to just one . He paid about same price for two.Why ca n't we leave seller feed back for Amazon when they sell a item or contact Amazon ????????????????????????
 I ordered this product expecting that there was a pair of ladder hooks , since the ladder needs two for saftey . I ordered the product on 052109 . I called on 060209 because the item had not arrived by the time promised . the item was not shiped until 060909 , when I was away for two weeks . Three attempted deliveries failed while I was away . The item was shipped back to sender . I called the company and they sent it back at my expence . I received the shipment on 061809 with only one ladder hook . Suffice it to say I was not satisfied with this transaction . However , I must say this is only the first negative experience I have had with Amazon.com . I hope it will be the last .
 Bought two thinking would use on two ladders on 10:12 new roof . As with the other reviewers found that a pair is needed for each ladder.Good point
 The Krause ladder I thought was the best I ever used . I had it for 5 years with trouble free use . It got me everywhere I needed to get to . I Maintained it better than what the manufactures specs . Then it failed me . I was up on it for about 10 mins . then I repositioned it to get closer to my work with out touching any of the mechanisms . All of the sudden one of the sections decided to open and throw me thru a large window and break my foot . Needless to say I am now a proud owner of a little giant ladder . Everyone I work with had one and I said no mine was fine until it failed me . They had their ladders for 15 years without incident . So really research , talk around with others before buying this particular product .
 I would have prefered to write a review based upon my use of the Krause Boot Base , but was unable to use it . Apparently , it only works with Krause ladders , something not mentioned in the add . I discovered this fact when I opened the shipped package and read the directions . I tried to use it on a werner , but the pitch is wrong . This one gets shipped back .
 I have used the Bosch HS1924 Ground Rod Driver in my Bosch demo hammer for years . The Bosch catalog lists this tool as suitable for 5/8 '' and 3/4 '' ground rods . If fact , the socket of the driver is over 7/8 '' in diameter.If you drive a copper ground rod , especially 5/8 '' , expect the head of the rod to be mushroomed out of shape when you are done ; you will be filing or grinding away the mushroomed metal before a ground clamp or CAD-Weld crucible will fit over the head of the rod . This takes time . The grinding or filing usually removes the copper cladding , so the steel core is exposed to the weather and will rust unless the ground rod is CAD-Welded . Safety is another consideration ; because the Bosch driver 's socket is so oversized , this driver flops from side to side , and is quite hard to control when you are up on a ladder starting a 5/8 '' by 8 ' - 12 ' ground rod . Tool control is much less a problem with 3/4 '' ground rods.I would like to see Bosch release an SDS Max ground rod driver properly sized for use with 5/8 '' ground rods.If you install a significant number of copper 5/8 '' ground rods , buy an SDS Max ground rod driver tool sized for 5/8 '' from another manufacturer -LRB- I now use Tru-Cut Galaxy -RRB- ; you will be repaid generously in time saved .
 These seem fine if your work only takes you up 5 to 10 feet . After that things get very shakey . My set needed repair straight out of the box and left me 15 feet up a couple times because it refused to move down . Only with a lot of struggle was I able to get it to release and get back to ground level . Spend the money on the better set up , full scaffolding or hire a contractor .
 I bought a pair of these pump jack at Menards , a midwestern version of a discounted Home Depot . They were about $ 20 cheaper a pair . Anyway , although these things do save time instead of climbing up and down a ladder , they are a real pain to use . They keep getting stuck when I try to lower them , and they even get stuck when trying to raise them . I 've experimented with them and found out that on one pump jack , I had to make sure the crank used to lower the jack must be pushed into the square hole as per instructions , while the other pump jack did n't work this way . It did n't matter if The crank was in the square hole or not . And then when I wanted to raise the jack again , I had to use a hammer to knock the crank back out of the square hole since it would n't budge no matter what I did . I also STRONGLY recommend using braces every 10 feet of pole height to give the setup more horizontal stability .
 I bought 4 set of these jacks -LSB- 8 jack , pole anchors , gaurd rails and braces -RSB- for my construction company . I was going to start doing the roofing and siding with my crew instead of subbing it out and these jacks seemed like a good way to get into it versus buying the more expensive aluminum pole set up . Boy was I wrong . It took 4 men 2.5 days to set up the poles adding that to the lumber required to install the jacks , railing , planks , and safety barior and I would have been better off buying the aluminum jacks.As for actually using the jacks , the system does not feel very secure even when installed per manufacturers recomendations . The whole set up sways.I give this product 2 stars becuase when in use you can get the job done but otherwise its a waste of time and money .
 I too have had problems lowering these pump jacks . I used conventional 2x4 's that were not douglas fir and I was told by Qual-craft that that was the problem . However , I also had access to a set sold by Lynn Ladder from a different manufacturer that worked fine with the same poles .
 Jacks were painted after assembly - which led to the parts jaming . Very difficult to get to work properly - often jammed and either would n't go up or would n't go down . Only instructions were on a sticker in micro font on the jack - could have used some pictures .
 This bucket boss belt is made with cheap material and is not made for durability . I have had the same work belt for 15 years and have used it about every day of that time . And to be honest I still cant throw it away due to the cheap quality and lack of durability the bucket boss belt has . It isnt even a month old and at one end it has managed to some how start to split and will probably break before it has been used 6 months .
 I ca n't understand the obsession with this ladder . I had my just two days and realized that it 's not all that safe . The rung 's for your feet are very small thus not giving you a good footing . I have a size 10 shoes which is average and I did n't feel safe on the ladder . The rung 's are smaller do to the ladders design about half the size of a normal ladder . I guess if you have small feet or really do n't have to spend much time on the ladder then the rung size wo n't bother you , but in my view the ladder is unsafe , even my wife who is very small said it was unsafe as well . I hope people give this great thought before investing in such an expensive ladder . Thanks for reading my review .
 I had already written a review on this ladder system , but for some reason it was erased.It 's been almost a year since I bought my gorilla ladders -LRB- the generic home depot version of the little giant -RRB- & I could not be happier about it , I use my ladders day in & day out & they really perform in the same way as the little giant , those ppl who say that nothing compares to the little giant do n't know anything about ladders , the gorilla ladder is also rated 1A 300 LB and it makes for a better scaffolding base thanks to the hinges that come included with the ladder , my gorilla ladder -LRB- Extension Height
 I think for the price that they want for this product , its not a good buy . Otherwise as far as the usage and quality wise , its a very good ladder . You can get the exact same ladder that Cosco makes at Sams Club or Costco for $ 99 . Its even available here at Amazon . I wonder what does the additional $ 300 get me . I do n't have much use of the step that they talk about . In my opinion , this is purely a ladder that is sold based on marketing .
 This ladder is expensive because of the commercial hype.There are other multipurpose ladders in this site -LRB- i.e Louisville , others -RRB- that are less expensive and have same brand recognition and features than Little Giant .
 Be very careful not to lower ladder while holdingfrom the 15 foot position . Slid down so fast when i tried to lower from upright position neaely took off my hand . Lucky it was only black n bkue and sprained . Lower ladder to floor and make smaller from there
 CONSUMER UPDATE
 The anchor proved convenient for placing poles without digging anchor holes , but the box welded to hold the poles seems to have been made to accommodate full-dimensional 2 by 4s since they provided such a loose fit for D2S . Additionally , the box was not welded square .
 The mask came in a loose plastic bag and looked used with smudge marks on the lens and scuff marks . The mask seem to fit well . The canister that it came with was dented pretty badly .
 Lets be clear , the description does say the are not held liable to the claims of the manufacturer . The mask I received will not protect anything other than some water on my eyes . The mouth piece has a large section that allows air to flow by with out filtration . Fit is nice but design flaw or my mask is missing a piece . AVOID THIS PRODUCT unless this is for the giggles .
 i wouldve gave it a four out of 5 but the filter is useless it has no date so it cant be trusted this is supposed to save lives and if you dont kno if the filter is expired or new ur gambling with your life on the brightside the mask fits perfectly sucks to your face when inhaling and pulls away when exhaling also a small nick on the left eye other then that its fine just bad filter good for a prop not good for life and death situation
 The mask works and fits good just ca n't get past the scratches on both lenses , really takes away from the product .
 Filter expired 3 yrs ago ... I do n't see how that will give me much peace of mind if I ever need the product .
 This mask looks ok , and it might work , but since there is no information included with it and all the writing is in Hebrew , it 's impossible to tell how old the filter is and how long ago it might have expired . Therefore , I ca n't rely on this mask and its one included filter , should I have the need to actually use this . Replacement filters are difficult to find are are expensive -LRB- $ 30 + each -RRB- .
 There are a few stretches on the filter , and the sticker has been removed and reapplied on it . It seems that it has been used ?!
 Ordered two masks . They both expired in 2008 . This is really immoral practice considering the nature of the product . Seller really has an obligation to state that these are for novelty or costume use only .
 I used to own one of these things -LRB- exact same model -RRB- , but a long series of events led me to giving it away to my friend 's girlfriend . Eventually , I missed it , and ordered this one.While the first mask was absolutely perfect in every way , the one I got from Amazon was damaged , and as such I do n't trust it for NBC uses . There 's something wrong that makes it so when inhaling it vibrates and shudders very violently and makes a loud noise . I also can not get it to make an airtight seal.I guess some of the masks are great , and others damaged .
 The mask is a decent mask that will do the job , God forbid , in case it is needed . However , be careful who you buy from . The filter is expired . I 'm having a hard time locating a new filter . The way it was packed , the filter was inside the mask . If they would have put the filter in a plastic bag , it would probably not have scratched the lenses . I do n't understand why attention to detail is not important anymore .
 This mask kind of sucks , i got mine with scratched lenses , its pretty beat up , but fits fairly well . Overal shipping was okay but im pissed about the lenses
 I bought this gas mask for use against paint tear gas etc and I do like it but beware the seller lies about it having a canteen straw there was none in the box also do not wear for over 30 minutes as it gives headaches and becomes very hot . overall a bad product and bad seller do not buy this as the seller lied to me about the straw
 can not be used comfortably with glasses , but in a pinch tis better than no protection , shloud have warning that it 's not for people with glases
 Arrived with scratches almost would say it was used before . Not satisfied with the quality of this product . I 'm not happy with this item and would not recommend this to anyone .
 Hopefully this product works when the SHTF . There are n't any instructions . What you see in the pic is what you get .
 Did n't really fit my face very well . Have to hold it with one hand to keep it airtight . Very inconvenient .
 I bought this think it would be great based on all of the 5 star reviews . However it did not live up to my high expectations . I would rather die of poison than have to wear this piece of crap !!! this was not what I wanted at all , and I had originally thought this would be much better . so , if you are looking for a good gas mask , definitely DO NOT buy this product . are we clear ?!
 The three masks I ordered had expired filters as of 2005 . I wish this was disclosed in the description because people are staking their lives on this product if they actually needed to use it -LRB- NBC attack or pandemic -RRB- . I wish people were informed that these filters have a shelf life of 5 years , some better filters have 10 years . Unfortunately new filters are double the cost of this mask , almost $ 35 each . I will have to buy 3 new filters for $ 110 for these masks , otherwise they are basically useless and even dangerous , false sense of security.They are a good deal though , considering just the mask is more expensive elsewhere and the mask itself seems quality , good fit and comfortable . I just ca n't give it more than 2 stars because I am disappointed there is not full disclosure in the description - I would not expect to ever receive an expired -LRB- shelf life -RRB- item when it is sold as `` NEW '' . If you decide to buy this mask I would still recommend it , however just expect to have to buy new filters also -LRB- true with all the masks/filters I have seen on Amazon - I would not buy any others without verifying the expiration date -RRB- . You can buy new filters with a 10 year shelf life at approvedgasmasks.comAlso , unrelated to this product or review but important to mention
 Attributed the item and did not return moneyThe deduction from my $ 79 and I do not know why
 Even with the adjustable straps , the mask itself is too small . I 'm not saying that it ca n't fit my head , the rubber front section with the mouthpiece and eyepieces itself is too small for my face . If I insert my chin in the chin holder , my eyes are too far up to comfortably be in the mask.My head and face are the size of a normal person . The mask I received seems to be one for a 10 year old .
 Lenses are scratches , the inside of the mask smell like chemicals , the mask inside is dirty , the tube where you drink inside the mask is either white paint or bird s *** , IT DOES N'T EVEN come with the HYRDRATION TUBE -LRB- WTF ! -RRB- the chin part of the mask is musty dust that i ca n't even clean off . Overall I 'm not satisfied
 I have owned this item for four years , and use it regularly in my professional chimney sweep/restoration business . It 's easy to set up , light weight , and versatile . I have every confidence in it , and routinely trust it with my life several stories above the ground !
 Must not have any quality control before shipping . Right lense was spattered with something that had to be scaped off and left scratches . Could n't return it for another because of time restraints . A waste .
 These Israeli M15 gas masks are great but this particular item on Amazon is misleading . I purchased from this seller -LRB- Fox Outdoor -RRB- vs the dozens of others selling this mask specifically because the pictures indicated it was the latest M15 mask with the side voice emitter . I also liked that it came with the standard hydration tube AND a canteen cap according to the product details , most other masks out there only have the tube.Sure enough , I get the masks and they have NO side voice emitter on the mask and NO canteen cap in the package -LRB- just the tube and adapter for the mask.Returning the masks now and ordering from another seller . If these details arent important to you then go ahead with this item . If so , look elsewhere .
 Do you see the title of this product ? The last phrase is 3 pack . I recieved 2 boxes , 1 bracket in each box . Again , you owe me 4 brackets , ship ASAP !
 LATE , DAMAGED and 20 hours trying to get CREDIT BACK ! I went to LOWES and bought one at the same price . I wo n't buy from AMAZON again . POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!
 The single strap on the knee pads were too damn short to go around my knee . The wife tried them on too , at 150lbs , it barely fit around her bare leg , let alone a guy wearing jeans . Sent them back without any problems & they took care of return shipping costs .
 I received it promptly . However , I feel the material used was not the best quality . It only has one snap to hold it on and it fell off my belt twice the first time I used it . I would have liked a holster that totally covers my Fluke Voltage tester to protect the leads better . I ended up using it , but having my wife sew in velcro to assist in keeping it on my belt and I super glued the snap . I do n't like dropping testers .
 I purchased these adaptors for for side table lamps , but the light emitted was so poor , I feel that I wasted my money
 Did not work used it for freezer and did not do a thing . Waste of time and money thought this would solve my problem
 They tend to give a slightly different product . A white one . Was n't too satisfied because i was n't notified that i 'd get something different , But it kinda works , so im not making a huge fuss for it .
 Please check your records and see what actually happened with the process in purchasing the so called product and then ask yourself honestly if I can rate your product . Please do n't contact me again !
 KK is an employee of Spotnails , the distributor for this product that is made in China
 The T-jak arrived just in time to hang my cabinets . When I opened the box that looked like it had been through WW2 , the top plate was missing and the adjustment screw was smashed . Tool was useless .
 Nice idea , but the details?This T-jak is continuously separating top and bottom from the main pole.Is hard to look for it at the end of each job.Janusz Waksmanski
 Either the bit does n't work or a dremel just does n't have the power to handle it . So I was disappointed when it did n't work as easily as I had hoped on both tile and backerboard .
 Got this through amazon from Tool King . They sent me 2 bits not 2 `` 10 packs '' . Amazon states 84 % off and they still sell for 1.99 ?! I found that very misleading and outright ridiculous how much the price was inflated just to advertise such a huge discount . Tool King did refund me my money though.Porter-Cable 43221-10 1/8-Inch Spiral Up , Non-Piloted , Cutout Bit , HSS , 1/8-Inch Shank -LRB- 10-Pack -RRB-
 This is just a peice of threaded pipe with a coupler painted orange . Go to your local hardware store and buy a peice of pipe and a can of orange spray paint , then send me the difference . You 're welcome .
 Go to the hardware store and buy the exact same thing for a fraction of the cost . Then , buy some orange paint . Now , send me the money you saved.You 're welcome .
 Internal parts made probably out of US . No a good quality control certification . The trigger broke the frist time I used . I do not recommended it .
 The package arrived with ZERO assembly instructions . Intuition alone got the stilts assembled . The hardware is sub-par ; several of the lock-nuts had stripped threads and it took an extra visit to the hardware store to replace them.If I got to choose again , I 'd buy Dura-stilts instead .
 I was really looking forward to getting this tool and saving some time . It sorely disappointed me . It was very hard to adjust to the right depth of cut , and instead of using a razor to cut the paper , it uses a pair of very cheap star wheels to perforate . Even when finally set to the right depth of cut , the wheels wobbled all over the place , leaving a wavy cut . It seems like a good idea , but I guess I 'll have to make my own to get it to work right .
 I bought this item with the idea of saving time it worked great until I dropped it , which was about three hours into the day , the cheaply made star wheels that score the paper bent over now as you can imagine it leaves a wavy line instead of a nice straight one , I am very disapointed with the quality of this product and would not buy another one
 The others summed it up . Cheap parts , difficult to adjust . Put your money towards the EZ Rip instead . Costs more but much better results .
 It was very hard to use . The cutting wheels would n't or do n't spin when it is tightened . hard to adjust cutting thickness .
 Go to the hardware store and buy some black pipe of the appropriate size , buy a coupler , then buy some orange paint . Presto , you have this product exactly . Calculate the difference and send me the money.In other words , do n't waste your money on this . It is just a piece of pipe .
 I pulled this out to use it for the first time when my basement was getting water in it after a heavy rain . This pump is advertised to be used in flooded basements , etc. and no where in the advertising or on the box or in the manual does it say you need several inches of water to prime it and that it only pumps down to the 1 inch level . That is appropriate for a pump that goes into a sump pump pit , but not to pump out your basement floor . Fortunately I had a Wayne utility pump that was able to do the job . I would not buy this unless you are using it for a pit . I have requested a refund from the Amazon seller ; we 'll see what happens .
 There are better options if you plan on using this for 3/4 solid hardwood flooring . I think this would work fine for the laminate or engineered hardwoods but for what I used this for it did n't really work .
 The Rotozip is great for drywall if the shaft lock do n't break , however the other accessories are a big bust and this one tops the list of worthless items I have bought for the only Rotozips I will ever buy . As a home builder I bought 3 Rotozip tools a year ago , never again .
 Worked great for 3 recessed lights , -LRB- lots of Dust -RRB- after that it would not work at all . It had burned up way to quick for the price of this bit .
 I have had the tool for about a year now and use it very little . It goes through blades like gangbusters unless you are using it in very soft thin material . It will cut drywall fairly well but throws dust around , my customers would kill me . The only use that I make of it now is cutting cement board where I need to make round or curved cuts . This it does fairly well . It will do soft tile , but I prefer an air tool since it has more control . Wood and counter tops forget , unless you own stock in the blade company .
 I needed tool to go through plaster for a remodel project . After buying the high dollar plaster bit , I could only get about 3 '' until it burned the bit up . Not exactly what they advertise for this everything tool . I did try the tool on other materials and found it could only do a good job on drywall -LRB- a little more messy than a key hole saw -RRB- . I think the tool is a rediscovered drywall tool with a nice handle . A case for the tool would have been nice so when I toss it to the side it dose n't get damaged under the building material that I cut with a real saw .
 I read a lot of reviews on this tool , some were good , some were bad . So I thought I would give it a try . First of all , it 's the loudest tool I 've ever heard , my wife told me to turn it off so she could hear her table saw . The main complaint in the reviews I read was that the bits break very easily . I have a lot of experience with tools , I read the directions , went very slowly , let the bit do the work , and after five minutes , SNAP ! I took it back in an hour . I was cutting poplar , a super soft wood , about 1/3 inch thick . If it ca n't cut that , what can it cut ? Also , when it was cutting , it cut extremely rough , if would take forever to sand away the rough edges it left . I would recommend a jigsaw as a much better tool . I have never broken a blade on a jigsaw . And it cuts much cleaner . And you can get on for half the price of the rotozip .
 I am really disappointed with this tool when it comes to freehand cutting of a 1/4 '' plywood template . I could not follow my pattern line with a smooth cut no matter how much I practiced . This tool can not replace a saber saw or band saw when it comes to this kind of application . No way could I duplicate what they do in their TV commercial .
 I am a long time wood worker and I hhave never seen such a bad tool on the market . I bought thisd thinking that I could take to the job site and get alot of use out of it . But I can not cut anything out nicly with it amd it needs a belt sander to clean the cut up on the cut part . The saw is not good for anything . If I have a hard time using it how it simeone going to use it with no woodworking back round .
 I 'm installing about 1000 sq ft of 1/2 '' bamboo flooring , and I found the Stanley Bostitch Flooring Stapler Model MIIIFS to be awkward , the staples were prone to split the tongue of my flooring , and the base plate often scratched the new finish . I gave it a couple of rows to see if I was too critical , but I 'm not -- I 'd rather do floors manually than use this tool.Of course I 'm not going to do the floors manually , so I borrowed a friend 's Porter Cable Flooring Cleat Nailer -LRB- FCN200 -RRB- and fell in love .
 I have received -LRB- 2 -RRB- Staplers and both units developed identical operating problem within -LRB- 5 -RRB- hours operating time . A small air leak developed upper section below rubber driving cap . Shortly after air leak developed 8 to 10 staples , units stopped operating.I have checked operating procedures and have found no problem . Have discussed problem with other users that had rented unit from Home Depot and was told they experienced absoultely no problem . Even after 20 hours of hard use , rented unit operated perfectly for them . I have request another unit and am in the process of shipping these defected -LRB- 2 -RRB- Units back . Also have e-mailed Bostitch and requested technical support .
 This unit has been discontinued by telpro inc. and has been replaced with a model 195 which is what you will receive if you order the 170lr . The problem is that you can buy the 195 model for $ 199 from telpro itself , instead of $ 399 from amazon for the same unit .
 I am in the process of laying about 250 sf of tile and purchased these bits to allow me to make cuts in 1/2 '' backerboard -LRB- cement board -RRB- . After one painfiully slow cut , the bit broke . I contacted Rotozip and they recommended using the RZ250 -LRB- 1/4 '' shank bit -RRB- . It 's working out very well ! RotoZip says that this bit should also work , but I think not . If you are cutting thicker cement board , pay the extra -LSB- money -RSB- and get the RZ250 bit .
 roto tile bits will do a good job on thin ceramic tiles for cutouts-straight cuts are hard-thick tile,marble,etc-forget it -- bits burn up quickly on cement backer board and at $ 5.99 are not cost effective . Buy a small diamond blade for your 4 '' grinder -- makita-dewalt etc. which are very effective , with a little practice they work fine -- wear a dust mask and eye protection
 I thought this tool was the perfect solution for my tiling project . Heed the warnings about not using it on floor tile or thick ceramic tile . I burned up a blade trying to drill through floor tile . It worked to make an irregular cut in the floor tile before it was installed but it took FOREVER . It was actually quicker for me to drive to the hardware store and have them cut the tile.It did work great on the cement backer board . I just noticed the diamond wheel for cutting tile and I am hoping that will be better .
 Staples are basically the same no matter which brand you buy . At least that 's what I thought before opening the package . The box was broken , and so were half of the strips of staples . After taping the box back together , I put all the broken strips back in . I 'm not sure why , but there was extra room in the box . I 'm not going to count 5000 staples to see if I received what I paid for , but I wo n't buy this brand again . I have purchased Bostich staples also and did not have this problem with their product .
 Ordered these staples and was very shocked when package was received.The idiot that packed the box for shipment , packed the items in a box twice the size needed and loose in the box.At least half of the staples clips were broken in the delivered package because of poor and loose packing.If the person that packaged the content had the brain power above a common yard rock , they would have stuffed the box with some type of packing , like news paper , so content would not be received loose and broken.It seems expecting proper packing is not a concern with this company , what a shame !!!
 Box received with 50 % of staples broken , Amazon did not reply to our complaint , once they have payment , you are on your own !!!
 I ordered staples the packaging was poor . The staples were out of there boxes.some were broke . this is not the first time this happened . The only reason iordered them again was the price waas unbeatable and i needed them fastB & C Eagle 97/25 1-Inch 20 Gauge 3/16-Inch Crown Staple for S3297-LHF -LRB- 5,000 per Box -RRB-
 The little box of staples was inserted in a bigger box for shipping and after miles of travel the little opened scattering 5000 staples throughout the bigger box making them useless . The most frustrating was the attempt at contacting the shipping to get them resent . After wasting an hour I gave up .
 I bought three boxes of these staples thinking it would be a great savings.After spending half my time pulling out staples that crushed instead on going in the flooring I have decided they are not worth the savings.These China made staples are undersized to begin with and will not penetrate hard wood flooring like the stanley bostich staples . I will never make the mistake of buying cheap off brand staples again.I would advise anyone considering purchasing the staples to go back and buy the bostich.A . MartyB & C Eagle 97/25 1-Inch 20 Gauge 3/16-Inch Crown Staple for S3297-LHF -LRB- 5,000 per Box -RRB-
 Amazon has ignored all these reviews and still poorly package these staples . The staples are in a flimsy cardboard box that was thrown in a padded envelope . The box totally disintegrated and the staples broke apart . If you have time to mess with them , than this is a great deal .
 staples arrived all broken in extra large box why not tape the ends of staple box and ship in smaller box
 Ordered these staples along with the Bostitch Stapler together . As happened with other reviewers the packaging was very poor . Shipped in the same box with the Bostitch stapler with only a 3 section `` air '' bag to fill in all the extra space . Half the staples were no longer full length . It also looked like this was a `` Returned '' item that was restocked and sold again cause part of the flap on the box was missing . On top of all this the staples were not coated as was stated and pictured . These were as shiny as can be ... no brown coating as pictured.No time to complain and return these so got the Bostitch staples at the Tool Rental store . Even Lowes and Homedepot did n't carry these.Go with the Bostitch staples as their box is HD and made the right way so as not to open on their own .
 The product is a good value but the condition of the item upon reciept was very poor . The boxes were broke open and the staples were scattered throughout the too large of a shipping container which allowes the staples to shift about during shipment and makes using these very difficult causing jams in my staple gun which never jams when a full stick of staples are used . Dont order unless amazon finds a better soultion to package these items
 Think of buying a Rotozip ? Do n't waste your money ! I ca n't tell you how much I like mine , because I ca n't keep the bits from breaking long enough to find out how much I like it . I went through all the bits that came with it and then went out to buy another bit to finish the job I had started , I paid for one bit at Sears , it lasted 2 minutes and it broke . I ca n't afford to use the Rotozip at that expense . Yes , I went counter clockwise and used the right bit for the right project . Believe me , no one wanted this product to work more than me , at its cost + shipping and handling .
 In using the tool over a two day period I found it worked well on dry wall.It was not do all cutter that the salesman told me about.I broke three bits - high strg carbon cutters - in twenty minutes working with a countertop trim job . I returned to using my ten year old Porter Cable Lam Cutter with the same bit I have used for two months - everyday.Save your money - buy Porter Cable .
 I have found that the Roto Zip battery opperated , in not worth the money . I have use mine a few times on drywall and it gets very sluggish very quickly . The batteries last a very short time . I was using it on a small job and the thing just stopped . It made horrible grinding sounds and chugged then stopped . I have email the company but have n't heard from them yet . I do n't think it was worth the -LSB- money -RSB- I paid for it . Buy another tool !!!!!
 The items was sold to me . It is not a tool a woodworker should have . I broke 3 blades in 30 minutes - very expensive bits which broke quickly . NOT A WOODWORKERS TOOL
 The nails shipped loose in a large unlabled box . I ca n't tell if quantity is correct . I have concerns about how they will feed in the nail gun since they are not packed straight and neat.Not the same as other products from amazon on this vendor .
 The handle is too short to use when rolling a 4X8 sheet of plywood . You have to bend over so much to reach it that you ca n't see forward enough to roll it . It is built solid and would be outstanding if the handle was around 7 '' longer . The small wheels limit the tool for use on flat hard surfaces . Will not roll across thick grass . If the handle was extended this would be great !
 This little wheeler is so short , that an average man has to stoop over to us it .
 I bought this tool to help me haul large sheets of plywood . Many good reviews , but this tool must have been made by someone 4 feet tall . The handle barely comes pas my knees . At 6ft2in tall I anticipate having issues with the ultra short handle .
 I bought two clamps . One clap does not lock and hold . Hit my finger so many time so I had brueses.Have two 2 year old clamps from the same comapny . One is working fine , second does not lock and hold .
 This cuts great circular holes and it 's easy to use . The only bad thing I quickly noticed is that if you are trying to cut in a circular hole in a ceiling the airflow that normally keeps the cutting area clear blows the dust everywhere . It makes a big mess and throws more dust and debris in your face then using a circular saw or sawzall . It only rates 2 stars .
 I fell for the Rotozip info-commercial . According to the RotoZip commercials , the Rotozip can cut nearly everything and very fast . I 'm surprised that they did not show that the Rotozip can do all this on it 's own ! I tried the Rotozip on plywood ... the bit dulled in about 1/20 of the circumference and then just burned the wood and would not cut anymore . I tried several bits and several materials and had similar results . The ONLY thing the Rotozip is useful for is cutting thin plastic or Sheet Rock . Do not purchase it for anything else ! I will be returning my purchase . Signed , a very experienced woodworker .
 Received item was missing parts , did not include items pictured - thus , will not work on SCS01 regardless of what the description says . Saw another review that said the same thing - too bad I didnt read reviews before I purchased .
 I had the same problem as others in that the round adapter was missing from the sealed package . it does not work with the scs 01 . pretty crappy . does anyone know how to get the adapter ?
 The image you are using does not match the product that was shipped . The manufacturer has changed the fastener . I needed the item as shown .
 I bought this item from Amazon . The parts supplied are not as shown in the picture on this website . It was missing a `` round adapter . '' So , I returned this one and ordered another . Same problem . Do NOT buy this tool .
 Missing Parts says it all for me , especially when the part count is low and the part is required for use with tool . The Round Adapter was missing from the sealed package . Unacceptable.After receiving the part after a couple weeks wait , yes , it cuts holes . If you want accuracy , check the settings out on a scrap piece first . Be firm and gentle cutting the hole , use both hands . This is an ` okay ' attachment for cutting circles in drywall or light materials - a little awkward for ceiling use , but low-end acceptable . If you 're cutting heavier materials or making say port cutouts for speakers , use a Router and something along the lines of a Jasper Circle Jig , and cut on a bench or table.I am not impressed with the construction . This easily , and for little cost , could have been made better . This is made much the same way you or I would have bodged one up in a pinch out of scrap c-channel . A scale marked in 1/4 or 1/8th inches , a better clamping and ` pointered ' pivot pin assembly and cast aluminum or even pot metal knobs and adapters would give a little respectability to this attachment.This is a ' 3 ' tool at best , if you receive it with all the parts .
 I used the 401 model to nail several hundred feet of white oak T&G flooring , and it worked pretty well . I thought this product , the 501 , would be a great time-saver once I got close to the opposite wall . I was wrong ! The base is very slick , so the tool , which basically works like a big stapler , moved around a lot , making it difficult to set the nail properly . I could see how it might work if you could drive the nail in one strike , but I could n't do that and the tool was not very forgiving . Anyway , I ruined about $ 25 worth of flooring before I gave up on this tool . I replaced it with a Porter Cable air nailer and quickly finished the job . I DEFINITELY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TOOL .
 Face nailing is the most tedious part of any flooring job , and buying a face nailer would seem to be a good idea . But I highly recommend purchasing a pneumatic finish nailer instead . It will cost more , but it 's MUCH more flexible and will save you hours of tedious hand nailing work -LRB- even days on a big job -RRB- . With this face nailer , you 're stuck face nailing the first three rows , which leaves a lot of holes in the boards along the wall . You can avoid this by hand-nailing the 2nd and 3rd rows at an angle , but this is extremely tedious and requires great hammer skills . With an air nailer , you can face nail the first run and then begin nailing the tongues at an angle , before you 're able to use the angle nailer . You can also finish the last few rows much more easily . Finally , you can use the air nailer for the shoe molding -LRB- and any other trim jobs -RRB- . I recommend a 15-gauge finish nailer with 2 '' nails . Get the most powerful one you can , since it takes power to counter-sink finish nails in oak . Bostitch makes a nice , small , lightweight nailer which is available in two power ranges - 300 pounds of force and 400 pounds of force . I recommend the more powerful one , even though it costs $ 100 more . Otherwise , you 'll be hand-countersinking all the nails in order to get them deep enough . You 'll need to drive more nails with the pneumatic gun in order to stabilize the boards , but it 's a easy as pointing and pulling the trigger , so it 's not a problem .
 I received 2 shipments of staples . First order was not packaged properly and all staples were loosely packaged . Staples I received in first shipment was broken up . Individual section had been seperatedin 4 to 12 staples . Utilized what was intact awaiting second shipment . This shipment was properly packaged with all staples in tack . These worked Great . When I inserted loose staples 4 to 6 staples , I experienced jams and discontinued use of first shipment .
 When I opened the box of staples I was shocked to find that the staples were literally thrown into the box with nothing securing them in any way . The staples were bent and broken apart from each other making them totally unusable . I ca n't vouch for the staple performance because I returned the box as soon as I received it . Harbor Freight has the same staples for less than half the price -LRB- and the packaging was adequate -RRB- .
 I opened up the box from amazon to find a vastly smaller box inside that had been damaged and the box of 5,000 staples was busted open and the racks were all broken up into small pieces . This was not as upsetting as the following . I installed a 600 sq ft wide plank maple floor and found out that the orange glue that binds the staples together to form a rack was so thick I ended up taking my thumb and rubbing the rest off of the head of the staple once it was driven into the plank . Those staples that had no so much glue on them eventully had a glue sliver poke up between the planks in rare instances . So I ended up taking a razor knife and cutting them out very carefully as not to scratch the planks . I LOST A LOT OF PRODUCTIVITY ON THIS JOB thinking I was saving money on the price of flooring staples compared to Lowes or Home Depot . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND BUY THE BOSTICTCH BRAND STAPLES ! Never again will I buy these staples .
 Poor packaging . Someone apparently dropped and box the staples were in and it had broken open and scattered the staples throughout the Amazon box . In addition , these staples are not coated with adhesive as are the Bostitch staples . I had to return them and ordered the Bostitch staples . Now I have to wait for a March 3 ship date .
 This is an item that I have been patiently waiting to purchase until now , when we reached the point in our remodeling project that would benefit from the ability to lift and hold sheet stock for installation . After a great deal of research , I decided to purchase a model and manufacturers lift that is considerably more expensive than many others on the market . Additionally , I liked the idea of `` Made in America '' . This was in great part a reason for my decision to purchase this particular machine.I was very disappointed with the assembly quality and attention to fit and finish put forth by the manufacturer of this product . I unpacked , assembled , and tested the unit . It immediately went back in the box for returned.There were two main problems with the unit I received . Mechanically , the cross-arm that mounts atop the vertical mast did not set level . Understandably , the unit is designed with play at this point to allow for a certain amount of `` self-leveling '' to occur , causing the sheet stock to rest fully against the surface to which it is being applied . In the case of the unit I received , the pin mechanism which is part of the cross-arm had been poorly stamped , then welded out of square . When inserted into the vertical mast the mis-assembly completely defeated the lifts ability to `` self-level '' . When raised , with the cross-arm was positioned tightly against a sheet . One end of the arm would rest against the sheet while the opposing end lacked contacting the sheet by almost 3 inches . This flaw was accentuated when attempting to support a 16 ' sheet.Secondly , and this is a cosmetic consideration , the unit came out of the box from the factory , completely scarred and scraped . My first thought was that a certain amount of damage occurred during shipment . However , upon closer examination it was evident that the unit was packaged in this condition . The last straw came when I looked at the `` Made in America '' flag sticker proudly positioned at the top front of the mast , right over the most offensive scrape , completely through the paint , from one end of the mast to the other . The sticker was in pristine condition . Yes , it had been proudly applied by the team member -LRB- s -RRB- in the factory , right over the poorly assembled and even more carelessly handled equipment . There was also numerous scars elsewhere on the machine due to poor padding and packaging . The unit chewed itself during shipment.This is not what I expected from a machine selling at this price point . As I repackaged the unit for return shipment , I could n't help but think to myself , `` This is what I was hoping to avoid by not purchasing one of the many other ` Made in China ' units that are available on the market . '' . With the purchase of the additional extension for the mast , this unit was priced at almost $ 1,000.00 including shipping . Understand , I had considered the price point prior to purchase , and decided that it would be a good investment , a quality machine , providing many years of service.This unit is definitely not worth the purchase price being asked . Consider one of the far cheaper machines . At least you 'll know what to expect when you open the box .
 This has got to be the worst power tool I 've ever purchased . Ergonomics are poor , including the placement of the switch where only the little finger can be used to operate it . My saw came with no documentation or free replacement blade . The warning that this saw vibrates is a gross understatement . Chances are that you will let the blade chatter up and down your trim or jamb before you ever get a clean cut started . I went back to my manuel 10 '' Stanley reversing backsaw . It takes a little longer , but produces much better/smoother results with much more control . I guess that sums up the Mortensen saw as it is totally OUT of control .
 I do not understand why this product is on the market . This is the worst feeling tool I have ever held in my hands . I would not recommend this tool to anyone for any purpose . The vibration was to much to deal with . It is also a very awkward tool to hold and is a little dangerous to use . I would give it a minus rating if the computer would let me . I would rather do it with a dull handsaw as to use this product ever again . The blade in this product is good and works well in the hand held handle .
 I love Amazon and use them all the time - as I do Skype - but this phone is terrible - I have given up and boxed it up - software just does not work - look on line and see the litany of problems others are having
 Tried the phone bc of dual use possibilities which were rare at time of purchase . Product did n't deliver . I sent it back after 3 days . More technologically savvy people probably can get higher return , regular people wo n't .
 The `` case '' as advertized is a tube made of flimsy plastic of 1.25 mm thickness , with capsat each end . It looks to me the `` case '' is a disposable shipping packaging rather than permanentstorage . If the tool is so elegant as many reviewers said , why does n't it have a equally elegant caseto match it . Judging from the good reviews , and the price -LRB- $ 139.90 -RRB- , and that the case is specificallyadvertized -LRB- but there was no picture -RRB- , I was expecting a case of equal as or better than thequality of the case of my $ 20 caliper , with which I am pretty happy.Where would you store a tube with rolling around ? And I doubt that carrying a tube to customer sidewould boost your professional image . Imagine that a musician carry his flute in a plastic tubeto the concert hall ! Sure , a good case will increase the cost , but given the lowmaterial cost of the tool , which I estimate as $ 20 or less , as it is just a few pieces of wood andsome plastic and metal parts , there are plenty of room for the case . I for one will pay for thedesign and workmanship , and casing is part of it . `` Including case '' is one of the reason I decidedto buy the product.So much for the casing . Now the two adjustable stops that you can set for the depth of `` nose '' thatoverhangs the riser . As one review well said , `` It 's important to make sure that both of these stopsare set EXACTLY the same distance from the butting edge of the tool or it will throw your cut linesoff significantly '' . But how do you make sure the same distance ? Yes you can measure it with anothertool such as a caliper , but if this tool is well thought of as many reviewers claimed , why thereare no measurement markings on the set of stops themselves ? Even if this is thought of , it wouldnot be possible as the stops are plastic . Why do n't use more durable metals with clear and moreaccurate measure markings?And for the non-adjustable stops , the standard wood screw is used directly threaded into the wood.Does the tool works , Yes ! But a cheaper tool or a hand made tool also works . The width of the treadand the riser are important , but the depth of the tread and height of the riser are not as they arehidden under the riser and behind the nose respectively.But just as a smart phone , it is not judged by weather it can be used to make a phone call , it isthe cool factor . If this is a $ 50 tool , then I would have no problem . But it is a $ 140 tool , thenI have high expectations . With this price which is about 10 times of the material cost , there is noreason to cut corners as what was done
 Stay away from the 810 . Crain has a great undercut saw . The 555 Multi Undercut saw . It is a great saw and you can get a nice cut . Also look for the heavy-duty version , you can undercut brick with it when using a masonary blade . The model number on this is 820 . Also check out the Crain 795 toe kick saw . It is very nice and now includes a case.EricInstallertools.com
 I am a potential buyer of this Crain Cutter 810H Super door Jamb saw kit , but I am confused . This is not the same saw that is in my Toolcrib Catalog for October , 2000 . Please explain this to me , as I would like to know what I am going to get if I should decide to order this saw . Thanks Ron Mueller
 I , d like to write a review about these items , but they are not shipped outside of the U.S.
 Do not buy this tool unless you will be laying out skirt boards for stairs that have less than a 7 7/8 '' rise as this gauge will not adjust above that . Also , if the stair you are skirting happens to have more than a 1/2 '' bow in the middle , it better have a 7 3/4 '' or 7 5/8 '' rise . With carewful modification I was able to elongate the slots for the parallel gauge to allow for use on a higher rise stair , but then the profile gauge they supply comes up short in the height department . Use of a 10 '' profile gauge remedied that situation . Why the manufacturer would even sell a tool with such limited capacity is beyond me , as anyone involved in renovations of older homes knows that very seldom are you going to encounter less than an 8 '' rise on a staircase -LRB- the exception being some old Victorians with 11 runs and 6 1/2 '' rises which number 2 in my career -RRB- . Maybe on the west coast things are different .
 It is shorter than all power stretchers I rented in the past . In discription lenght was not mentioned , wich is very important part of this tool . I assumed some standard lenght based on my many years of experiance from renting the same tool.also was shipped much later than originally promised
 Rousseau has to get their quality control improved . I received one of their 2875 miter saw stands today . Assembly was simple enough except for the casters . 3 had hard rubber rollers , the 4th was hard plastic , had a different locking mechanism , and had a shaft 3/8 '' shorter than the others which caused the whole assembly to rock . I fixed the problem by adding some extra washers onto the shaft . But , I think after spending almost $ 500 on this product it should come with all the correct parts . Not impressed
 The good
 This unit is over rated and its not built very strong . The directions that come with it are so general that to put it together and not get it done right too a few hours . I was very displeased when it came and If it would not be for the fact that I would have to pay to have a piece of junk sent back , I would have returned it . There are many tables out there that are cheeper and better so shop around and buy in store so you do n't get what I got . A pain in my you know what !!!!
 This workbench fell apart after 4 weeks of heavy duty use . It ended up in the scrap yard . Would not recommend for heavy construction .
 Used this blade with my Crain Supersaw 810 and the blade disintegrated shortly after starting . I was trying to under cut the brick hearth of a fireplace .
 the color was so fake looking . crayon like . and the wood was sucking up water within a month.this is not sturdy stuff
 While I am going to keep and use this stop , I wish i has spent the extra $ 60 to get the much higher quality Biesemeyer stop . This model is many pieces held together with a few blots , all of which can easily become loose and throw off any accuracy . I would recommend this stop for work with a tolerance of + / - 1/16 '' . Or if you do n't mind welding the 3 metal pieces together and gluing the plastic hairline cursor in place , this could be reliable and accurate . Surprise surprise , made in China
 I received this tool from Amazon today and could n't wait to start stripping the multiple layers of paint off the wood lap siding of my 1917 bungalow . The machine arrived promptly , as it always does from Amazon , and it looks and feels like a nice quality piece of equipment EXCEPT for the often mentioned plastic side blade covers -- they look like trouble before you ever fire up the machine . I 'm a carpenter and own machines from Bosch , Porter-Cable , Hitachi , Dewalt etc. ... I know rugged machine design when I see it.I hooked it up to my shop vac and did a test . Once I got the cutting depth dialed-in , it worked great . It performs like a powered carbide scraper , so you can can work it back and forth if you need to strip away multiple layers and it 'll take off a fairly uniform layer with each pass and leave a nice workable surface . The side blades , however , seem mostly useless in that you ca n't adjust their cutting depth and they do n't take much at all off in a pass . Maybe there 's a trick to it , but I 'll never find out because I 'm sending this thing back.Anyway , since the test went so well , I decided to jump right into the first part of the project . It went great for about 10 minutes until I noticed paint chips suddenly flying all over the place . Was the dust collection port clogged ? No ... one of the * & ## $ % # side blade covers had already broken off ! Another reviewer noted that this would not affect cutting , which is true , but it defeats the dust collection almost completely . Yet another reviewer stated that he fixed the problem with a piece of metal flashing . I 'm sure that works , but I 'm not going to pay $ 300 + for a tool and then rig it up to keep it running . Not to mention not being able to use half the blades the machine is designed to provide.I commend Metabo for improving the technology of paint removal machines as compared to the older Porter-Cable machine . The ideas of dust collection and using carbide blades rather than an abrasive are great , but this machine is not quite there . The side blades need to be made more useable and the covers are downright dangerous . I figured I 'd give the Metabo a try since it 's roughly half the price of a Paint Shaver , but there seems to be a reason . My hunch is that Paint Shaver has taken the good things about the Metabo and made them better . Plus it is said to work much faster . I 'll find out soon enough , since I 'm returning the Metabo and ordering a Paint Shaver Pro tomorrow.UPDATE AS OF JUNE 30,2005 I now have a Paint Shaver Pro , and it is a FAR superior machine to the Metabo . Another reviewer noted that the Metabo gets closer into corners than the Paint Shaver , but that has been resolved with the Pro model . Not only does the Paint Shaver remove paint faster than the Metabo , but the blades for removing paint from the edges of lap siding are actually adjustable in depth and they work . I paid almost twice as much for the Paint Shaver Pro as the Metabo , but if you look at the used market for them on Ebay , you ca n't go wrong because you 'll get most of your money back out of it if you sell it.Sorry Amazon , I love ya , but I can not recommend the Metabo when a better tool is available elsewhere .
 I have recently purchased 2 Metabo paint removers and rented a PaintShaver . I have used each tool for over one week each in the removal of multiple layers of lead-based paint from an old house . I have no ties whatsoever to either Metabo or Paint Shaver . My comments are based only my experience on removing thick layers of paint on bevel fir siding.METABO
 I do n't know who writes these reviews but they must work for Metabo . I got much better , quicker results w / an angle grinder & a wire brush attachment for a whole lot less money . What a waste of $ 400.00 .
 I got my Paint Remover 2 days ago and got it around to using it today . Unfortunately , after stripping a 2 ft x 4 inch area not one , but two , of the plastic guard doors flew off into the air . The retaining springs that held them on to the pin are long gone . I was skeptical of the other negative reviews regarding these plastic doors . My apologies , they were being generous.As far as being able to rate the performance of the product , I will have to pass because I could n't use the thing because of all the uncontained paint chips flying everywhere!I have boxed up the paint remover and am having to return it .
 I tried this out on a small job and within 5 minutes that little door thing was gone . Do n't know how as I was pretty carefull with it after the reviews . Does not strip as fast as I would like and timing myself my old burner was faster but probably equal in time as I had to sand afterwards . Decided the tool was not what it should be and decided to return it . Bad news , this CPO company does not do this . I am now stuck with this tool I used for 1 day . Now to purchase a door for it and dump it . I have other Metabo tools which are fine but my biggest disapointment is this CPO company . I will be sure not to make that mistake again .
 This machine is really not designed to remove paint from claps or shingles . More or less designed to remove paint from a flat surface on sawhorses . I recommend you invest your money in Paint Shaver Pro . Useless product !
 For paint older than 1979 only use a hepa vacuum , wear googles , a lead certified respirator , and one use overalls . Shed all those things outside and was off any lead dust . You can posion yourself and your family . I have a paintshaver pro , it works really well and meets EPA requirements .
 nasty pinches and blood blisters from set up and transport.Very poor packaging , arrived damaged and no number to call.Suggest makers further refine . Does however have advantages including larger wheels compared to other make . Lots ofadjustements possible .
 So , I liked the stand for the first 5 months then it just started falling apart . First the rollers started coming out because the 1/4 rod just slides around inside of the rollers . You have to weld it in place . Then later the legs tore off . Had to weld them.Yesterday I went to tip it up to colapse it and the rivits pulled out . -LRB- The hinges -RRB- My saw flipped over and landed up side down.Now I am a trim carpenter . I use it everyday . So If your a home owner useing it to buid model air planes you will be fine . Not for the contractor for shure . But maybe you could order a welder from Amazon to fix your new saw . It will list comen things bought when you bought this product . The welder will show up.So to top my disapointment . I called Trogen . This guy didnt want anything to do with me . He sells a product and wont stand behind his product . He tells me he only make 20 dollars off these stands . He said I would have to ship mine back 80 dollars and he would fix it . Im out 80 bucks for his bad product . Or he would sell me one for 292.00 so I would save 7 dollars and loose out my 80 dollars . Then tells me list price is 439.00 . Righ t I could buy 2 for that from Amazon . So I gues Ill Just keep welding or buy someone elses product . Not happy with this at all .
 I did n't and ordered directly from amazon.com ... The rating represents price -- high -- versus usability and quality -- low . Right out of the box I had reservations . Imagine a ... wheeled stand where the wheels are attached with the same friction caps as childrens ' wheeled toys . I 'm not even going to bother to try to install a saw . It 's not pre-drilled , wobbly and unstable , and worst , not designed to store a saw folded-up and free standing .
 When I purchased this product , it had a picture of 4 stanchions . The description also says `` stanchions , '' which makes you think you 're getting more than one . Only one was sent , and since then the photo has been changed to show one stanchion.This is a large , lightweight stanchion that is not a very bright white . In fact , the color is sort of yellowish , like plastic looks when it gets old.I returned this stanchion and got a set of 4 on this site from Beistle Company for $ 64 .
 There are some definite postitive features about these particular sawhorses , but as a contractor often on the move some drawbacks . The amount of weight the TS-501 sawhorses can handle is surely impressive , but the folding style legs leave an uneasy feeling with any substantial weight load . The legs never seem to open well all the way . The legs have a potential to fold with any shift of the weight . An accident like this occurred with me . I had set a significant amount of deck boards on the saw horses for the weekend and when I had returned the legs had buckled to the side , the boards were scattered and the opposite legs had broken through the manufactures stop . Fortunately nothing below was damamged and the boards remained in tact , but my saw horses are useless now .
 The idea for the product seemed good . They are the only tool in my truck that I hate to use . The legs do not stay folded up unless you use two hands -LRB- one for carrying , the other for holding the legs in -RRB- . I have used mine for over one year and the main bolts need to be tightened almost every time . The amount that I have used them on the stairs , like the photo shows , is never . The feet are to small and they sink in any kind of ground other than asphalt or concrete . The small metal angle that holds the legs perpendicular to the top , allows the legs to wabble , they are not sturdy at all .
 These horses can and will go in any direction they chose and without warning . And when there 's a few hundred pounds of lumber involved , or power tools , that 's dangerous and totally unexceptable . Nobody I know uses sawhorses on stairs -LRB- necessitating adjustable legs -RRB- , the pointy feet sink right into anything less than concrete , they swing open when closed and try to fold up when open ! I had relegated mine to supporting light trim for staining ... that is until someone on my crew pressed them into service to help keep a load of 20 ' pine flooring out of the dirt . Here 's your `` Apples-to-apples '' comparison
 I opened the box and was VERY disappointed . They are made of thin metal tubing with flimsy , misaligned welds that clearly ca n't take much stress -LRB- appearance very suggestive of a trainee 's first attempt -RRB- . And then in order to use them I had to bend the crooked mounting brackets to line them up.Cheap , yes . But unless you plan on mounting them on a table top that will never be used , look elsewhere .
 I used to order these for my company as I had thought they were of a good quality and had good customer support , that and they were the only 1-1/2 '' bits I could find . But after having four of them in a row shear at the drive end after a week of use I was sure that they had either got a bad steel shipment or had cheaper out . Which would n't be so bad if milwalkie was at all interested in fixing a potential problem with there manufacturing.Long story short save yourself time and money buy the more expensive wood owls or Lenox bitsI will not be buying one of these again
 These things are hopeless ! The Chinese do n't even bother to sharpen off the paint on the edges . The steel is soft . They are easy to sharpen with a file - as long as you do it frequently . This design has no spurs - just a single dull cutting edge . They will bore a hole but not cleanly .
 I work as a Residential/Light Commerical General Building Contractor , and in all Honesty I must say ... this stand did not live up to my standard . I make it a point to research all of my tool purchases and do n't mind paying the extra dollar for Quality . THAT BEING SAID , I thought that for the money I paid and the `` features '' being offered I would have a `` no-hassle '' stand . What I did get was a stand that had a `` good concept '' but a very bad design ! The main-pain is when trying to pull out the extensions you have to loosen these cheap plastic turn-nuts that just end up tearing up your hand and frustrating you at the begining and end of the work day ! Also , some of the nuts are so close together that they hit one another , and some supports get blocked by other extensions and wo n't slide out unless you take the whole arm out ! -LRB- Do n't these people test this thing ! -RRB- Once you FINALLY get it ready to use it is fairly nice to have the extra length . Lastly , the directions that come with this are HORRIBLE ! -LRB- I do n't know why these comapanies ca n't put a normal set of directions together . -RRB- All-in-ALL , I think that for the money one could research and find an easier to use and quicker set-up stand , and for the person who does n't have time to waste -- forget this one .
 I 'm not sure how long the other reviewer had his before he wrote it or what kind of work he did but I 've had this for 3 months and it 's falling apart already . The pivot bolts that hold the wheel side have literally sheared off . The platic wing nuts that are all over this thing are breaking . I ca n't say which stand would be better because I have n't tried another yet but I can say for sure that unless you are a once in a while user , you had better not waste your money on this one .
 Assembly was easy but the spring-loaded anchoring pins that pop into the holes in the sleeves of the handle support were faulty . This is a dangerous flaw as the security of the handle in maneuvering the saw is essential . I have to attempt to file the inside `` chads '' -LRB- ! -RRB- of the holes to allow the pins to more fully penetrate the hole and be secure . Otherwise seems fine .
 Yes it sets up in seconds . . but the stabilty is the pits . if you own a dewalt 12 inch saw or any other saw that is other than small , stay away from this product . you will have to make some supports for the saw and also the legs bite into the wood so-so . the teeth on the legs bend as much as they bite . quality of this product is poor .
 Storehorse 10115-6 is nothing more than the original storehorse . The description is misleading , I did n't see how the plastic was reinforced with any fiberglass . Also , it does not tell you that you are buying a pair , so do n't order 2 like I did , or you will get 2 pair.Added Later
 I should have paid closer attention to the other review . None of the local stores seem to carry the extra tall sawhorses so when I found these on Amazon.com I ordered a pair . What I got was a pair of the original storehorses . Now I 'm in the process of returning them in exchange for the ones I ordered . Maybe they will get it right the second time .
 The replacement storehorses arrived today and guess what ? Yeah , you 're right . They sent the wrong ones again . I 'm sending this pair back along with a note asking them to refund my money if they ca n't send the right ones but I 'm not counting on them getting it right this time either .
 The chime is too soft to be heard throughout the house . I would not recommend it .
 This product broke after 10 months of very light usage.I opened it up to see what was wrong . it was burnt inside
 Shame on B&D for selling a piece of junk mechanical bench . AND shame on me for not looking at all of the reviews to understand the difference from the original workmate . I own an original and expected good quality . Why would a company change from a WINNER to such a POOR LOSER ? Cheap metal , rough cut in places , thin cheap wood compared to the originals , an adjustment system that is based on a PLASTIC belt -LRB- wow ! -RRB- and handles that adjust as one . I have read that if you crank the handle that would tighten on the smaller end of an angled piece of wood , the wider side slips off of the plastic crank and when the board is almost tightened you use both handles to tighten securely . Does n't sound good to me . I would have rather spend a little more for the old original workmate than this piece of junk . I will be buying a `` jawhorse '' and sell this new workmate on craigslist .
 Here 's a couple of things the pictures wo n't tell you :1 -RRB- The vise handle , track and pin and quite loose and plastic . Once you install the handles on the item you ca n't take them apart again as they are held in with pins you have to hammer in .2 -RRB- The area between the two ends on the vise planks opens only between 4-6 inches so you can only hold something thats between 4-6 inches wide3 -RRB- The alignment on mine was off by about 1/4 '' which is a lot considering it 's supposed to double as a vise4 -RRB- Overall I 'd say this item is not really suitable for any kind of serious work . Might be good as a kid 's play thing
 The WM425 has lots of ingenious features but they are made so cheaply -- with plastic and thin metal -- that those features are more of a marketing ploy than part of a quality Workmate . My original Workmate , which is probably 20 years old , is working like new . My WM425 is already broken -- one of the handles broke off . The WM425 takes me at least twice the effort to perform tasks that the original Workmate can do because the screw length of the WM425 is so short you often have to remove and shift the back two bamboo platforms in order to clamp wood between them -- going from 1 1/2 '' to 6 '' . Also you often have to find a place to put the center/rear platform that has to be removed at times . The platforms use plastic parts that slide into notches in the top metal rails . The fit of the platforms to the rails are cleaver but I do not believe they will last long -- especially if you need to clamp down hard or move/change them . Which , brings up the point the WM425 Workmate does not clamp down as well as the original Workmate . And , the one handed tightening feature is poorly made and does not work well . The original Workmate sits well on its side when folded up . The WM425 falls over in the slightest breeze.I called Black and Decker just after my WM425 arrived because one of the plastic pegs arrived broken . The customer service at Black and Decker is excellent and she sent a replacement peg to me on the spot . I told her that the WM425 seemed cheaply manufactured but I would keep it because sometimes things that look cheaply made actually work fine anyway . I also mentioned to her that I would pay much more for an original workmate if they were to manufacture them again -- since I know they last a long time . Also , although the box looked fine , the Workmate arrived twisted so the pull bar did not function . -LRB- By the way , I twisted it back -- the metal is so thin it twists easily . -RRB- Well I 've had the WM425 for about 6 months and hardly use it . I am using my original Workmate about 100 times a month and I still could use need another quality workmate . But , the WM425 is such a disappointment that I 'm using a sawhorse instead . If you own one of the original Workmates you are most likey going to hate these new ones.I do not often write reviews , but these are so bad in comparison that I hope to prevent others from making my mistake . At the very least , try one before you buy it .
 This is an OK product with several major caveats . Do n't buy mail order . It will arrive damaged . The packaging is nonexistent and the plastic fittings on the underside of the boards will break in shipping . I 've done it twice . If you must have it , buy from a retailer and check everything before you take it home.As a product for fixed home use it 's OK . For taking to work sites , it 's too heavy and awkward to fold , unfold and carry . Also , the plastic fittings that do n't make it through shipping may not make it bouncing around in your truck . They are not very sturdy.A better choice is the Craftsman -LRB- the more expensive one -RRB- . It has telescoping legs and is easier to fold and carry . The top boards are melamine , but you can make your own hardwood boards . The best pegs/clamps for these workstands are the ones that come with the Skil workstand sold at Lowe .
 I had an original workmate for almost 25 years . When I moved a few years ago I gave it to my son who had just purchased his first house . Now 5 years later I really miss that old workmate . So I decided to replace it and purchased a new WM425 from Home Depot . It promised to be everything the old one was and more . WRONG !! What a piece of crap compared to the original . It 's built out of stamped metal instead of heavier gauge aluminum and is not at all easy to unfold . The worst feature is the vise action which is not as tight or precise as the original . The 2 handles are joined by a cheap light plastic perforated strap so that both sides tighten -LRB- sort of -RRB- at the same time . This eliminates the possibility of clamping pieces whose sides are n't parallel . So it 's going back to HD and my son and I will be having joint custody of the old Workmate .
 Fortunately the unit I purchased was not in as bad a shape as units others received . The wooden slats were splintering in places but not warped . The unit is minimalist , not in terms of design but of quality . If it were made properly - heavier metal , vise mechanism more robust , better wooden slats , it could probably command twice the price at Amazon and be worth it . Unfortunately , it is made as a semi-disposable unit probably not the result of being made in China but of what B & D dictated as cost . The instructions for assembly are close to useless - figures misnumbered and not very informative . Made instructions from IKEA look like a Mercedes service manual .
 Had this product for a about 3 years - got it from Lowes for about $ 55 at the time . It 's not very sturdy , and the hand cranks that move the vise are made of plastic - they broke within the first year . I 've had to rig it in various ways to keep the vise function working . I would not buy it again due to its cheap parts .
 I bought this portable workbench for my son who has just moved into his first home . I have used one of these workbenches for more than 30 years and it has been an exceptional , convenient tool . Sadly , the new model does not come close to the older version . It is relatively flimsy , the vise works ineffectively , and it does not provide as stable a work platform . Cheaper materials ; less solid manufacture ; useful for its portability , but a pale imitation of a one time flagship product .
 Had a Craftsman model for many years and loved it . Some plastic pieces crumbled but it was still a great tool for the cabinet woodworker and home improvement people.NOW I bought a new one but had to buy the original from Black & Decker . What the ??? The three surface boards were warped in different directions . Pretty cheesey . I called and they sent me 3 more that were warped in different directions ... . ahhhhh ! The final straw was during the final finishing of a cabinet I had been working on . I had the a top piece of my cherry cabinet clamped when I noticed thumb and fingerprints of GREASE all over !!! These dorks GREASED -LRB- big globs -RRB- the joints of a portable woodworking stand . Grease and wood do not play well together . There is no way anyone would not get grease on their hands just opening it . Never noticed it until it totally ruined the top of a 4 month project I was making . Strips of one inch thick cherry glued , plained and sanded are trashed!What a bunch of incompentent dorks set up this assembly line !!!! My only solution is to scrub the entire stand with paint thinner which will probably remove the paint too.What a night mare ...
 Purchased this as a Christmas gift for someone and am glad that I decided to assemble it . They instructions did not match the version of the product in the box and it had lots of missing parts . I RETURNED IT .
 As others have commented - I ca n't believe the problems has still not been addressed - my flimsy package arrived in shreds with the workbench damaged . Amazon promptly replaced it . Assembling the unit is simple , especially if you ignore the somewhat obtuse instructions , but the tool supplied for tightening the bolts is best replaced with a socket wrench as the bolts were nearly impossible to tighten with the supplied tool.Otherwise , the unit seems quite convenient for light duty work and stores easily . Construction is a bit cheesy , but the unit is serviceable .
 I could not believe that this was actually a B&D product . It is cheap and flimsy and the assembly instrucions are nearly impossible to follow . The jaws do not close properly nor do they fit tightly . The plastic assembly wrench is totally useless . What a piece of junk .
 Cheap , flimsy Chinese junk . Wo n't last a week under normal use . How do I know ?? I 've owned one of the original Workmates for 30 years . Returned the flimsy junk and will rebuild the original for another 30 years of reliable use .
 I expected more with this table ... . assembly instructions are not too clear and the final result is just ok ...
 I 've always heard good things about the workmate so I was very disappointed when I received it . It looks cheaply made with plastic and stamped out parts . I 've been unable to find very many ways to ues it . I should have bought one 20 years ago when , as I understand , they were well made and useful .
 I have had this workmate 425 for a year and a half . In that amount of time the center part has fallen out on somebody 's footThree times.You have really tighten it down to prevent this fromhappening . Also the short legs on the bottom have collapsed twicecausing it to fall on my foot . This needs to be enginered better.It is to heavy . Other than those problems it work 's ok.Don ' t standon top of this table because of the leg problem .
 I HAVE JUST GOTEN AROUND TO TRYING TO ASSEMBLE THE PRODUCT-ASSEMBLY INSTRUCTIONS ARE VAGUE AND NOT CLEAR BUT THE MAIN PROBLEM I HAVE IS SOME PARTS SHOWN ON THE INCLUDED PARTS LISTS ARE MISSING SO I CAN NOT ASSEMBLE THE PRODUCT AT THIS TIME
 This package was supposed to arrive on September 9th . I can track it to Memphis , at which point it disappears.I did not see an easy way to contact Customer Service regarding this package.Thus , I am using this feed back .
 Very poorly constructed . Flimsy sheet metal . Catches on the underside of the jaws do not engage securely into the holes in the frame . Adjusting screws were poorly aligned so that the first attachment of the moveable jaw left it crooked and required some disassembly and adjusting on my part . Reasonably sturdy with all 4 legs on a flat floor , but I suspect it will prove wobbly on an uneven surface . Definitely not for the serious DIYer who works with heavier items . Next time I would look for something much sturdier . Made in China .
 I needed a workbench in a pinch as I had n't built mine yet and this received adequate reviews . After a couple months of using it , I should 've waited . Putting it together was n't too bad . The only tricky part was the the `` vise '' where it was tough to get the plastic lined up with the gear shaft . It 's hard to clamp things to it because of all the over hanging metal . You ca n't clamp things to two entire sides because something gets in the way . It seems sturdy but at certain angles it 's tippy . For example , on the box cover , there is a picture of a door being held by the table . For kicks , I tried this with a door sitting in my basement and it immediately fell over . I tried it with a 2x2 birch plywood and the same thing while it did n't fall over , a very small bit of pressure on the end -LRB- where , for example , I 'd want to route the edge -RRB- made it tippy . There 's no way I 'd want to do any power tool work on this as I just do n't trust it to stay stable . Nevermind getting a clean cut -- I 'm talking about cutting myself.The bench dogs work well but only for limited size pieces . I guess if you 're a model builder you 'll be OK , but anything bigger than a jewelry box will have issues with it . It 's also too small to use as a sit down bench . It has worked well as a small outfeed table for my table saw but for that I could 've just used a sawhorse . Bottom line is take the $ 90 you 'd spend on this , buy yourself some wood , and build something bigger , better , and more stable than this thing . If you do n't want to do that , buy yourself a small kitchen cabinet and screw a top onto it . You 'll have a much more stable and functional work surface .
 The package of parts is missing the 2 vise screws , the 2 pins , the 2 pivot nuts . In addition , the instructions are not clear -- I never did even get through this one , the second step -LRB- the first step is to empty the carton < g > -RRB-
 I just finished putting this together . Once I was able to parse the sparsely-detailed instructions , it went together fairly quickly , with no ` extra ' parts remaining . That 's a plus.However , I was very disappointed with the quality of the materials used to construct this product , and the overall design . With the exception of six bolts , the bench is held together with plastic fasteners that will lose integrity in a relatively short time-span , especially under heavy use . Cheap metal , particle board and plastic are poor choices for workbench fabrication . Personally , I would n't trust anything weighing anywhere near 500 pounds sitting on this bench . I really do n't expect that it will last long.On hindsight , the money would have been better spent on quality lumber and hardware .
 This Workmate 425 was received with three problems , so I called 1-800-54-HOW-TO -LRB- 544-6986 -RRB- as directed by the Black & Decker manual . They denied any responsibility , saying I need to repackage this 37 pound table and return it to Amazon . Meaning that it is my problem . The main problem is the Rear Jaw and Middle Jaw boards are both warped . One is warped up and the other is warped down . On examination the two warped boards are of different construction than the unwarped Front Vise Jaw board . They have thinner top and bottom Veneers and thicker center filler . The second problem is the cranks are missing the pins to hold them . The third problem is the Footrest is dented . I am a longtime customer of Amazon and this is first time they have sent me a FACTORY SECOND .
 My husband has two years of draft school and a year of tool and die and it took him an hour and a half to put this together ... . IN fact I had amazon on the line trying to return it when he finally figured out that the direction in figure 6 was incorrect . He says the directions are TERRIBLE and that it was made cheaply as some pieces do n't fit together well . -LRB- So glad I got a black Friday deal on it ! -RRB- It even showed up with some rust on part of it.Needless to say the two star rating will remain until he has tried to actually do work on it .
 Assembly was quite easy . However , the plastic belt that controls the vise jaw was damaged upon delivery . I called Black and Decker about this issue on Nov 15 , 2012 . The representative said the belt for Workmate WM425 is on back order . I told her to order it for me anyway . To date I have not received the belt . The belt does not show on the parts listing nor in the assembly manual . Not having the belt in stock suggests to me that it may be a common problem item experienced by users of this portable workbench .
 After reading the positive reviews on Amazon . I decided to buy the workmate portable workbench from Amazon . Amazon Prime is GREAT . Got my product within a few days . I bought this with the intention of using it as a portable rifle cleaning station . The concept is great . Having a table that can be taken down and put away easily is ideal . When the package came , it was in bad shape . The box was partially torn on top during transit . I opened it up and noticed right away that the spring on the handle to lock the table up was missing . I search around the box and could n't find it . I am guessing it was knocked out during shipping . I also noticed that it was missing one of the table top . That was the end of it so I figure I would return it and get a new one . However , as I was examining the table I noticed how bad the workmanship is on this table . A true POS . Cheap Plastic was used for the chain mechanism to open and close the table top . I can imagine this falling apart after a few use since the plastic chain looks so flimsy . I decided to get a full refund . Do n't waste your money on this . I need to start looking for something else .
 I recently purchased my second Workmate to backup my first and as an nice addition to my project/handyman tools.When I purchased my second one I wanted the very same one as my first which is about 18-20 years old and I have used it so much it looks like it has been through several wars , beat up but still works great . My old workmate is my favorite tool that I can not be without , it has stood the test of time and weathered the sometimes abuse I give it which is almost daily . I choose the 425 Workmate which is supposed to be the more heavy duty of the models and carries the same 550 lb . rating as my old one . After assembling the New Workmate I could tell it looks nearly the same as my old one but not as rugged or sturdy . Black and Decker had a very great product when they made my first one but now the frame is of thinner metal , the top working surface is allot thinner and slightly warped , the new design is good with added features but it looks and feels when working with it like a cheap nock off from the original . I was very disappointed that it has been cheapened by cost cutting measures even though the newer features are good . I would have gladly paid a little more than I did on Amazon to have had the quality of my old one with out the newer features . For those people who have never owned one of the older models and do n't know how they were built before , this one would probably suit their needs . Black and Decker had a very excellent high quality product in the older model only to cut back on materials and make an average to poor quality product , it is very disappointing to see that happen . Although this is a very handy tool to have and most people will love to work with one , B&D ; missed the mark by making it lighter and of much lesser quality than they once had .
 The one star applies until I get a chance to use it . Yes I read the other reviews but thought I would luck-out . I order 98 % of the things I buy online and rarely , if ever , have I seen an item packaged so poorly with essentially no internal support , especially for an item of this weight . The nylon pivot nut on one side was broken.So I 'll tell you like the others have . Do n't have it shipped and if you buy it in a store , insist that it be taken out of the box and thoroughly inspected for broken parts unless the box is pristine . Amazon got it to me in less than five days . Black & Blacker est. 7-10 working days for the part to arrive.Addendum , the saga continues.I received my part in a reasonable length of time -LRB- 5days -RRB- although the right thing for them to do would have been to ship it to me overnight . Anyway I went down to install it . After removing the top bolt the front block between the table and frame fell into two pieces . I decided to check the other side and although still in one piece , it 's cracked . I 'm going to ask for another pivot nut on the chance that it 's cracked too . I sure lucked-out , what a f$&*@$%^ nightmare.I received the parts and assembled the bench . On opening anc closeing the vice I felt/heard a grinding noise only to noticedthe housing that the screw passes through -LRB- next to the crank -RRB- was bent . I could have disassembled the entire side and tried to pound it back to the ninety degree angle it should be . Fearing it might not work and voiding the `` warranty '' I called them . I was told it was n't replaceable and that I would have to pay to ship it back to them . They must have thought I designed the packageing it came in . It was n't Amazon but factory `` packageing '' . I emailed Amazon about the problem . They promptly replied that they had sent a replacement -LRB- Two-Day Delivery -RRB- no charge , I was amazed . I have 30 days to return the damaged one . Of course I keep it until I have the other one up-and-running , for parts should I need them . Amazon did the right thing and I wo n't hesatate to purchase from them again . Trust me I 'll never buy another B&D ; product again . Hard to believe B&D ; and Dewalt are related . Well I received my second unit . When I saw the box I was shocked , it looked worse than the first . The carrier had even tried to repair the box with clear shipping tape . I open it and was surprised to find no damage .
 Shipped in the single ply cardboard display box - the same one on the floor at Home Depot . Boards chipped in typically careless UPS handling.Instructions in about 20 languages , none of them helpful in getting the top pieces to align properly . -LRB- Gee , and I used to do well on spatial relationship test ; - -RRB- Main complaint is the shipping . Suggest buying th product locally if possible so you can take it back if you have the same experience of putting it together and will at least receive it without damage .
 I had to use one star as we were unable to use the product because it was so damaged in shipping - I bought it for a gift for my husband and wanted to surprise him . And believe me it did ! It was so destroyed in shipping he refused it and had the UPS driver take it back . Now , the Porter Cable belt sander also came the same day and it was packaged properly and undamaged . I read about this problem in previous reviews but was n't sure I believed it . I do believe it now . Black & Decker has got to come up with packaging that can make it through the delivery process or discountinue selling to this huge market on the web . Or is it the fault of UPS ?? I am still hoping to get a workmate for my husband . The rest of the review to come when we get it !
 My old Workmate worked easily . This new Workmate being top of the line , WM425 , should be at least as good . It is crap . The top is cheap , thin material , not even cut to square . I could replace the top but the vise is flimsy and so poorly designed and manufactured that I have to crank it with both hands . I took it to a B&D Service Center to ask if I can substitute a top from an old Workmate . They young man there had never seen a Workmate and had no idea what it is for . Do not buy .
 I have an old Workmate -LRB- 10 years old -RRB- that has been pretty good . It has a couple parks that have worn out , such as the mechanism that holds it in it 's compact form when not in use , but over all it have been a great tool.My in-laws gave me a new one last Christmas and it was much more flimsy and was even missing parts out of the box . My wife called Black and Decker and they said it commonly happens and we should reveive the pieces we need within a few weeks . Well , it 's June and still no parts . Granted , I should have followed up with them by now . Even with all the parts , the units are much less sturdy now than a few years ago . Back then their usability justified their cost . Now , that is simply not the case .
 ... from what these used to be.Like most products that used to be made in the USA , Black & Decker has seen fit to manufacture the WorkMate in China . And it shows . Those of you unfortunate enough to have bought this piece of junk because you did n't know any better ... I feel your pain.I still have my old original WorkMate table -LRB- a model 300 -RRB- that is fast up on the quarter century mark . And it works better in every respect than the 7 year old model 425 I received as a gift . The steel on the 425 is rough edged and thin , all pivot points are pop-riveted and , after seven years of use , so tight it is still difficult to open the table . The ergonomics of the opening latches are such that you have to push down on them while trying to pull up on the table to release it ... nothing beats third world design . The larger bamboo wood table insert warped within a year . The overall fit , finish and function of this WorkMate is rough and cheap ... such a far remove from the originals . Had this not been a gift it would have been returned . I certainly would n't recommend this waste of steel to anyone.What a shame.B & D ; invented the WorkMate -LRB- or at least brought it to market -RRB- and it was a great tool to have for DIY 's and Pro 's alike . The fact the originals are still around and working is testament to how well they used to be made ... and made here in the USA.My advice if you want a * good * WorkMate ? Find one of the old originals in the aisles of everyone 's favorite auction site or score one from a garage or estate sale . As long as people keep buying the cheap Chinese-made junk U.S. tool manufacturers are footing ... the manufacturers will keep making cheap Chinese-made junk .
 It arrived very quickly ... within 3 or 4 days from the time I placed the order but when I went to assemble it I discovered that they had sent the top boards for a Workmate model 626 instead of the 425 . They did n't fit at all . I called Black and Decker and talked to a friendly gentleman who sent me the correct top . It too arrived in 3 or 4 days . The assembly instructions were pretty good and it went together okay . However the three boards that make up the top are all slightly different lengths and do n't match up at the edges ... they 're off by at least a quarter inch from each other.The older model , in its collapsed state , would stand up on its own . This new one will fall over if left unsupported.The plastic band that keeps the two vise cranks working together is really junky and I 'll probably wind up just taking it off and throwing it away.It works for its intended purpose and it was cheap and I got what I paid for . I would have rather paid a few dollars more and received better quality . It 's a sign of the times I 'm afraid .
 I have one of the original aluminum die-cast Workmates -LRB- made in Great Britain in the 70 's -RRB- that had seen its better day . So I went with this `` updated '' model from Black & Decker . What a joke and an extremely poor excuse for `` progress '' . It 's mostly made of cheap stamped metal and plastic parts that make for a very rickety and unstable platform that is a mere wisp of the original Workmate . It came damaged , and I have since had to replace several plastic parts to keep it some form of working order -LRB- such as it is -RRB- . When I finally get some time , I am going to refurbish my old Workmate and junk this POS .
 Diffuicult to put together . Wood work surface difficult to attach to table base with plastic units . Adjusting cranks with thin plastic drive belt was flimsy/cheap . Not very reliable . Wonder how long the crank system will last . Very disappointed .
 Service and Delivery were great as always w. Prime . The product is not as solid as I thought it would be . The `` vise '' capability is a joke as the two screws dont want to work together evenly and smoothly . The workmate has been around for a long time , I remember the one my dad had , seemed very solid and well built . I would have thought that 20 years later the product would be much better than or at least as good as that 20 year old beauty , dad had . Nope ... this thing is a flimsy imitation of that old workhorse . As a portable work surface , it does provide a solid tip free worktable and was stable on the patio pavers as well as concrete . It 's just not as solid or well built as I had expected . There must be better out there ... will keep looking .
 If you buy this keep it safe from the elements . The cheap plastic `` chain '' that operates the cranks failed on mine along with the plastic lock for the legs . And the press-board top is cheap as well . Otherwise a nice helpful workbench if you can store it in your house to make it last longer .
 The product arrived damaged and it was n't evident 'till the final step in the assembly process . I had to adjust -LRB- bend -RRB- part of the Workmate to install one of the handles . It would have taken another hour to take it apart and repackage it , then arrange for return or replacement.I would n't purchase something like this on the web again .
 First , I got this at a deep discount , so am writing a review in context of the price that most pay . So lets start by saying that the instructions are crap . They have useless drawings and even have errors in the text . -LRB- mislabeled parts-top block vs. front block -RRB- Again , I had to giggle since there are only a dozen parts to put together , so it should be a cinch , right ? Well , my friend and I were laughing at first and then later we were just plain annoyed at why this should be so difficult.My friend is a process engineer and writes complex instruction manuals for a living . he could not believe that any quality control was asserted during the writing of the manual!On to the nitty gritty : So , After we discovered that the belt-drive that makes the handles turn together was mis-aligned , we set to fixing that first . once that was done , we got all the boards on top . None of them lined up well . The cranks to tighten the work clamps are not going to last because they are cheap plastic `` snap-ons '' . The belt skips constantly , and is cheap plastic . The wood surface has numerous flaws as well . The metal frame is banged up too , despite the box being fine.Grades : Directions - D-Assembly ease - DQuality - c-Stability - BUsability - BValue - D + -LRB- or a B + if you got the lightning Deal -RRB- Overall - C-Now that being said , I just bought this to hold my miter saw . It will work fine for that purpose and the price was fine . Otherwise it is just the classic , `` made poorly in china '' junk that once reputable companies are putting out nowadays .
 I got one of the original workmates in the 1980 's , and have been using it happily for nearly 20 years butI was sorely disappointed in this item . over the years I have assembled many , many items , and this was by far the worst , both in terms of directions , and in quality of merchandise.Minor problems :3 pieces -- one knob and 2 rubber feet -- were missing.Major problems : Directions are missing a critical step -- how to attach the rear and middle jaws to the frame.One of the recessed hole for the bolts was misdrilled , resulting in significant tearout , which was then filled clumsily with some sort of wood putty , which was not leveled , and fragile -- it crumbled at a touch -- the piece never should have made it into the boxVise screws were misaligned.Pivot nuts were turned around , and misaligned -- I had to detach the ribbon connecting the 2 screws so I could match the depth of the 2 pivot nuts . Detaching and reattaching the ribbon was a major project.The FRONT jaw has a `` V '' groove to hold round objects , like dowels , and the REAR jaw has a `` V '' groove , but the middle jaw does not -- what 's the point in that?When I finally got it assembled , the rear and middle jaws would not anchor correctly , and would not seat . they just slid back and forth.The rear jaw cupped down in the middle.The middle and rear jaws were not flush -- the middle jaw was proud of the rear jaw , creating a significant ridge.This piece of junk is going back
 I just got mine and this product has nothing to do with product descriptions . It is flimsy has alignment problems and crank is a joke really . And instructions are ridiculous . I will send mine back . Do not bother buying this thing unless you will use it once in a year .
 I ordered this outfeed table on July 1 when I placed my order for the Rousseau 2775 table saw stand . I got the stand quickly . Amazon has been very good about keeping me informed of the status of the order . However , it has now been over a month since I placed the order . Either Rousseau has one heck of a back log on orders for this outfeed table , or they do n't care that much . Ill wait , because I think it is a good purchase . Hey Rousseau ... Wake up .
 I ordered this product based on the great reviews here . I just received them and I am sending them back . First , they are too wobbly to be useful . Second , the plastic top bar moves around and it is almost impossible to clamp anything to it . I need a stable horse , not a rocking horse . The design is a good idea but it is not executed very well .
 The bit is fine but the vendor is worthless . The first shipment was lost and I had to wait a long time before Amazon would admit it and send another .
 Like most reviewers on this site , I am terribly disappointed with the 18 Volt battery performance for my Milwauke drill . The drill itself is good quality , but like nearly everyone else on this site , the batteries are only good for about a year -- at best . I have been through 2 -LRB- expensive -RRB- sets of batteries and after reading the reviews of others , I will not waste my hard-earned money on another set . The dealer told me that Milwaukee was aware of this issue , but he knew of no plans to correct it . I feel they are compromising their integrity in their failure to address this quality issue . I own several Milwaukee products , but now I have lost confidence in Milwaukee quality and it would be extremely difficult to convince me to continue buying Milwaukee products .
 I have been a loyal Milwaukee cordless user for many years now , so loyal that I could have been a salesman for their products . A friend bought a 1/2 '' Makita 14 volt kit and well I was blown away . It has just about as much power as my 18volt and it 's lighter and the batteries are far superior . I guess this is why I am writing this review . Milwaukee has gone on and created their 24volt system with a much better battery and just forgotten us 18volt guys and left us with these crappy batteries . The original batteries seemed to be top of the line and now ther 're junk . Still cost a lot though . I must have 10 of them in my shop most of which really need to go to the recycler . My suggestion is if your just starting out and want 18volts avoid the Milwaukee as sooner or later you are going to be disappointed .
 After a few of my Milwaukee batteries would no longer hold a charge -LRB- after less than 6 months -RRB- , I sent them back to the service center . They sent me the batteries back and said that they had tested OK . They wo n't even take a charge . Buy anything but Milwaukee cordless tools . Even Ryobi and Ridgid have better batteries than these .
 I too own a Milwaukee bag of tricks . I did buy it second hand . However , I do know why the set was sold . The batteries are the sets downfall . Ironically , I was born , raised , and still live in Milwaukee . Over 30 years in the trades , I still believe in the Milwaukee name , U.S.A. To my Milwaukee and U.S.A. designers , builders , engineers and craftsmen , Let us severe the umbilical ties with outside sources and build American products for our , American brothers and sisters , daily uses . Let us no longer allow ourselves to come up short when it comes to providing quality for our own . Let us set our sights within ourselves . Let us build the best . They will come . I will pay top dollar for an American product . If , however , an American family reaps those benefits.Milwaukee Tool , bring your products back into the hands of your American Builders . I will probably sell my kit to a foreigner . Just kidding . Maybe I will melt it into a sculpture ... ????
 I bought the 18 volt combo kit and i had three batteries with it and after a year all thee batteries have died.I have the same thing in a makita and the batteries are over two years old and none have died.I bought another set of batteries for the milwaukee and those batteries are dying.I will never buy another milwukee product with batteries.I 'll stick to makita.Milwaukee 18 volt batteries are the worst !!
 -LRB- ... -RRB- The Milwaukee batteries are bad , but no worse than Dewalt and the rest . Bosch with their new `` Bluecore '' may be better . For those of us who already own Milwaukee or others , there is still an answer . Two companies that I know of , Batteries Plus , and VoltMan , will rebuild these with batteries that last much longer . The replacement cells have a slightly lower amp hour rating , may well be underrated as they seem to have at least all the torq of the originals . I am sure there are more other companies who can rebuild the battery packs as well , but these are the 2 I know of . They take your battery pack and rebuild it using all new cells . Voltman is less expensive , but Batteries Plus may have a store in your area so they may be more convenient for you ... Update : While wildly more expensive , you can change over to Lithium Ion batteries which hold a charge for a year , and unlike Ni Cads do not die if not charged monthly . For home users who only use their tools every few months , they are the way to go . Amazon has them listed as : Milwaukee 48-11-1833 V18 Multi-Pack 18-Volt and 28-Volt Lithium-Ion Charger with 2 18-Volt Lithium-Ion Batteries Combo PackThe charger must be purchased as Ni Cad chargers will damage Lithium Ion batteries . The charger in this set can be used to charge Lithium Ion and Ni Cad batteries though .
 I have nothing new to add , these batteries suck and die within a matter of a few months ! I 'm a moderate user of my milwaukee 18v drill , and the cost to keep operating it only in the price of batteries is out of control !
 I will agree with the other reviewers ... If you are considering a cordless tool purchase , make Makita your choice . I have owned DeWalt and Milwaukee kits , as well as a variety of Makita tools , and without question the Makita will outperform the others . I do n't know what the engineers at Milwaukee were thinking when they marketed that 18-volt line . It will long be a blemish on the reputation of Milwaukee Tools , considering the fine line of tools produced by that manufacturer .
 I 've been unhappy with the lifespan of the 18v Milwaukee batteries . Compared to my Makita batteries , the Milwaukees last only half as long or less , before they wo n't take a charge anymore.Too bad , because I really like the 18v Milwaukee circular saw and the 18v Hatchet recip saw . Rather than purchase new batteries from Milwaukee , I 'm going to try having the old ones rebuilt and see if that improves their performance .
 Though I did not buy brand new 18v Milwaukee batteries from Amazon -LRB- yet -RRB- more customers need to be aware their Ni-Cad 18v series has major issues . I bought a multipiece kit , impact wrench , and one extra battery . Not 10 months later , ALL batteried began losing charge in a matter of days to the point the charger would not recharge them they were so dead . No other brand of Ni-Cad 's have done this . NOT ONE . And I have 3 other brands , and one generic American Gardner 18v bush trimmer battery.Milwaukee 18v batteries are complete junk , and not worth a dime.Look for their 18v lithium series though . Since I have their tools aready , I dont have much choice but to pay -LRB- what I 'm sure to be -RRB- an insanly high price for one .
 I have purchased many contractor grade tools in the past 10 years . Without a doubt , these batteries -LRB- all 6 ! -RRB- are the worst purchases I have made . My 18-volt drill runs great , if only I did not have to blow $ 80 on a new battery every 4 months . I give up ... I am going with Makita . No complaints from my friends on the job site with Makita drills and impact drivers .
 I have two batteries and after a little over 1 year they both went dead !! I only use for home work and am disappointed that they do not last longer !! Otherwise the tools are excellent equipment .
 I hope Milwaukee tools reads your reviews about their batteries . Mine last about a year under light to moderate usage . Makita batteries last about 3 years !! I will not buy another Milwaukee battery powered tool !! S. Duke
 I have 3 18 volt Ni-cad batteries , 2 of which suddenly would no longer accept a charge . I tried the 9 volt battery trick , did n't work . I then took a 12 volt DC power supply and some alligator clip test leads and hooked up the batteries to this setup for about an hour , this did work , now they would accept a charge . You could do the same thing by substituting your car battery in place of a power supply.I still had a problem with the batteries not holding a strong charge , but by running the battery down by holding the drill chuck by hand , waiting for the battery to cool , and then recharging the battery , I think I have cured them.It seems that the problem is a. -RRB- the lack of a conditioning cycle on the original charger , and b. -RRB- the 18 volt batteries being more susceptible to charging issues that a conditioning cycle would cure.The new Milwaukee charger for the Li-ion batteries has a conditioning cycle for Ni-cads which could be a easy solution to this problem.I give this product 2 stars because of Milwaukee 's failure to man up and address the problem .
 Well , maybe it was pride . Or the fact that ALL of my other Milwaukee tools are solid & dependable . I really do go out of my way -LRB- and will spend more $ -RRB- to buy a Milwaukee tool over most others . Makita & Bosch also get my business.BUT , MILWAUKEE BATTERIES SUCK SUCK SUCK . If that is a professional term ; -RRB- I have finally had it , and will be selling all of my used Milwaukee cordless tools . The actual quality of the cordless tools -LRB- 18v -RRB- is superb . It 's just that the batteries die FAR too fast . And at $ 80 + each ... I just will not go on anymore . If the batteries were $ 25 bucks each , I 'd definitely keep the Milwaukee gear . Personally , I think that ALL cordless tools are far too expensive in the long run . But , you just ca n't live without them . The technology is old enough , when will the prices drop just like digi cameras & computers ??? Save your money & your sanity ... DO NOT BUY MILWAUKEE 18v BATTERIES ! -LRB- unless you can find them as dirt cheap throw aways -RRB-
 I HAVE 7 MILWAUKEE 18V POWER TOOLS . I HAVE GONE THROUGH 12 OR MORE BATTERIES . THEIR BATTERIES SUCK ! THE TOOLS WO N'T WEAR OUT , BUT THE BATTERIES WILL NOT LAST . IN A NORMAL DAY I WILL USE 5-6 BATTERIES COMPARED TO 2 DEWALTS ON THE SAME TYPE TOOL . I 'M SELLING THE MILWAUKEES AND CHANGING TO DEWALT .
 I have always sworn by Milwaukee - up until I have owned their eqiuipment for little over a year.THESE BATTERIES SUCK ! I mean that literally , they suck the juice right out of themselves.I have many Milwaukee tools , and have two chargers - two of three batteries died in a year - Milwaukee corded tools are excellent - but for now I stay with B&D ; and Craftsman!After contacting Milwaukee they explained how I should jump-start the batteries . It worked on one , not on the other . After a day or so the one that was jumped cease to work . Milwaukee has covered their rears with legal documentaion so is you can not dispute or return for an exchange . They obviously know what an inferior product they have!Take heed to this warning , as well as others here - SAVE YOUR MONEY AND SANITY !
 I purchased the 18v combokit about 3 years ago . The tools themselves are fantastic but the batteries are terrible . With in a year both batteries were dead . Now that number six has quit i am going to buy another kit from Dewalt or Makita beacuse replacing batteries every year is just unacceptable and expensive !
 i got suckered in with the 18volt old milwakee some how , we as mobilehome techs for many many years had mikikta cordless tools , literally fell from the roof tops and still kept on working . old milwakee batterys stink , ihave all the tools saws , saws alls drills and flash lights , batterys just plain suk . got sukered you dont . go with makita
 On my 3rd set of batteries and when i looked inside the case it has the same cells as the cheap batteries just a different case .
 The seller used is excellent . Product arrived quickly and as promised.Milwaukee tools are excellent in general . The best is probably the 18v drill motor . The weakest is likely the 18v skillsaw . Although the tools are our preferred brand , we have found that the Milwaukee 18V batteries are the poorest in the industry . They die after about 2-3 months of daily use . This is unacceptable for such a revered brand name product . Milwaukee should send all tool buyers a free pair of batteries every 3 month for each tool sold -LRB- for LIFE -RRB- . Oh well ...
 NOT A REAL GOOD COMMERCIAL BATTERY . ABOUT A YEARS WORTH OF MEDIUM HEAVY USE . KIND OF AN EXPENSIVE REPLACEMENT , BUT THE MILWAUKEE TOOLS ARE GREAT . HOW DID WE EVER GET ALONG ?
 The milwaukee tools are ok but the batteries are the worse I have ever used . I got 6 months out of mine . I also have panasonic products and there batteries last for years . MILWAUKEE GET YOUR HEADS OUT OF YOUR @ & % AND MAKE A BETTER BATTERY .
 These batteries are overpriced and underperforming . One battery has completey died after only a few charge cycles and the other battery has trouble holding a charge .
 I had two of these , both look like new as I lightly use them . One died . The other still working . Manufacturer 's defect is the only reason I can think of .
 These NiCads are terrible ; I have acquired a rather large collection of dead milwaukee 18-volt NiCads over the years . I have found 18-volt NiMH batteries for the milwaukee tools on ebay that have served well for about 6 months so far - only time will tell . I find it hard to accept that Milwaukee has continued to sell these terrible batteries under their name for so long !
 While I like the Milwaukee product I detest these batteries . If you use them daily , like I do , you are are lucky to get 6 months out of them . I am constantly ordering new batteries becuase they simply stop charging between 5-7 mos after purchase . I have a Ryobi that I used daily before these for 6 mos and It is now 2 years old and still has the same battery . Had I known the battery stank I would not have purchased the set .
 Milwaukee batteries are total garbage . They can be jump-started by holding a 9 volt battery to it 's terminals for 30 seconds and then putting it on the charger . Positive is the single bar side . Hold positive to positive . I read this in other reviews buried on Amazon and I just tried it with a battery that has been sitting dead for 4 years on my desk . It worked but I will never buy another Milwaukee tool or battery . Wish I had n't thrown out so many others that acted dead . When this one dies again , the tool is going in the trash with it .
 Milwaukee TOOL is the best . Battery strength is very powerful . However , the battery charger and its battery is the worst of all . The battery is dead suddenly without warning . It is completely dead and does not charge . I owed two set of Milwaukee combo 18 V and 2 set of cordless Makita drill and 6.5 '' saw . Both are excellent . But I have to say , I like Milwaukee a little bit more . I am just a home improvement geek not any contractor . But I did replace 6 batteries within 5 years . There is a trick that may save your battery.Must follow the following procedure : Charge battery :1 . First , plug the charger power cord to the outlet .2 . Load battery to chargerRemove battery :1 . First , remove battery off charger2 . Unplug power cordBattery will short its circuit if you do n't follow this procedure.Second problem is that it is very difficult to remove the battery off the tool . The battery , which I bought within a year , has some handling improvement . But it still has a lot more room to improve.I would give them 5 stars if they fix the charger and its handling capability . It is the most powerful 18v cordless . I bought the second set because I got a great deal at Home Depot for 1/2 price special .
 I have also had the same problem and it just irks me that I got 2 with the tools set and a free battery , I was only able to charge the free one 2 or 3 times!Granted I do n't use them on a daily basis but it was a new battery and now the other 2 are shot ! These cost aound $ 80-120 on line and $ 60 each at HD or Lowes!At that price I can get Ridged tools set for about the price of 2 batterys !
 I hadmore service life out of less expensive tools . The milwauke batteries are short lived and haved turned me to look at other brand battery operated tools .
 I had hoped that Milwaukee would work on this problem . However the two batteries I purchaced most recently lasted about 5 months each . I guess they just want us to buy new tools . When I do , they will not be Milwakee tools .
 Hate to do thiss but I would recommend that you DO NOT buy Milwaukee cordless tools.I have used Milwaukee tools for 40 years in the building trades . Always felt they were the standard for the industry until they marketed the cordless tools . Over the last ten years -LRB- early in 2000 -RRB- , I bought at least six tool packs for around $ 500/set and gave them to various friendS and family as gifts.Then I noticed that the batteries just did not last as long as my old Makita batteries . Then when the lithium batteries came out , I thought , `` OK maybe Milwaukee solved the problem and now will produce a good battery . Unfortunately the lithium battery , for all it 's initial power and light weight , was the worst of all . It just does n't last , period.I feel like a traitor for dinging Milwaukee , but lets face it , they either have to produce a good battery or get out of the business . It is just too expensive for a carpenter to buy the set of tools and then every two years , go out and spend another $ 250 to $ 300 for a new set of four batteries . And once you invest in the set of tools , you are obviously locked into buying their battery or send the tools to the dump.And it is my understanding that long lasting batteries are available so is it that they just can not afford to put long lasting batteries in their product ?
 I have totally given up on these batteries . After four batteries failing in less than a year I bit the bullet and bought the new lithium batteries -LRB- which required I buy a new charger -RRB- . I now have two standard chargers , one multi-gang charger and four batteries which are worthless . I would not be surprised to see a class action come from these batteries .
 I 've had several Milwaukee tools in the past and loved them.Until now.I bought three 18v tool kits with an extra battery for each.And , one extra.That 's 10 batteries!ALL DEAD!All within a year and a half !
 OK . I 'm the first to admit . These batteries are not good . They lose a charge and become useless inside of a year -LRB- maybe two -RRB- . But I think the problem is n't the batteries themselves . It 's the charger . Save yourself LOTS of money and buy the Milwaukee 48-59-0260 Multi-Bay Battery Charger . Amazon sells for CHEAP and they completey recondition the old useless batteries . It 's amazing how well it works .
 Both myself and an electrcian friend of mine have these 18v NiCad tools , and we both have to have 2 batterys on charge to get thru the day . I use single batt chargers in the field and my 3 bay at home . Batts still wo ' t go more than an hr . b4 they need re-charge . I recently `` bit the bullet '' and spent $ 200 for 2 18v LithIon batts and charger , WHAT A DIFFERENCE.If u like ur 18v tools -LRB- and the do work great -RRB- just buy the LithIon batteries , more expensive , BUT THEY DO WORK
 I have both a 18 V hammer drill and a sawsall.I think the tool construction is great , and when they had new batteries , they ran great . Problem is , for an occasional user , the batteries die very quickly , and can not be recharged.My nephew uses his tools on a daily basis , and has less problems , but he still runs through batteries very quickly . If you are just an occasional user , I can not recommend these tools . Maybe the new Lith ion V18 batteries will be better.Lets hope .
 Purchased the Milwaukee 18v cordless hammer drill . The two 18v batteries did not last a year ! I contacted Milwaukee and their solution was to send me instructions on how to better care for their batteries . If Milwaukee was a standup company , they would replace at no charge their inferior batteries . At $ 89.00 per battery I have opted to jump ship and purchase the Ridgid or Makita 18v drill . The plus with the Ridgid is you get life time replacement on the batteries -- beat that Milwaukee !!!!
 Im a Contractor and havent had very good luck with Makita or MIlwaukee 18v batteries.I dont know if they sit on the shelf so long there is not much life left when purchased or they just dont last very long . Maybe they should offer new batteries sent when purchased . Kind of disapointing when spending hundreds of dollars on quality tools .
 I bought the Milwaukee Hatchet recprocating saw a few years ago along with -LRB- 2 -RRB- new 18 Volt Milwaukee batteries , From the very beginning I was very turned-off with the rediculously short work-time I got with this tool . Soon after , I stopped using it altogether . I recently tried the tool again . Of course by this time the batteries would not even light up the indicator on the charger . A service tech at Milwaukee told me how to `` jump-start '' the batteries so that they could recharge . Well he was right about the `` jump-start '' in that it caused the charger indicator to light up . But after following his advice to the letter , surprise , surprise . Maybe 30 secs of operation . In conclusion , hope that one day Milwaukee makes a half-decent battery that might actually allow your Hatchet to work off its debt to you .
 I bought a Milwaukee cordless hammer drill set , and within 6 months one of the batteries started loosing charge rather quickly . 6 months later the remaining battery crapped out . Yeah , these batteries are bad , guys . The unit works great , they just need to work on the batteries .
 I was just browsing for tools when I came across this so called `` value pack '' of Milwaukee batteries . Just seeing the picture of the batteries raised by blood pressure several points . Yes , they will die on you , and sooner rather than later , leaving a wonderful drill useless . At least they 've lowered the price on them to a point that is CLOSER to their true value ... I suppose to appease those of us who must continue to purchase them.When I bought the drill I could n't believe these batteries were as bad as people were saying , but now I 'm a believer ...
 I bought the router extension as an add-on to the outstanding porta-max series of table saw stands . I must say that I have found it to be mainly useless .1 . This router extension slides into the portamax rails and is leveled to the portamax table surface using set screws . As soon as you apply a load to the router extension , the set screws dent the portamax rails . This makes levelling difficult and of course causes unsightly damage to the portamax .2 . The otherwise excellent portamax fence is useless as a router fence . The vibration and pulling motion created when routing with the extension table cause the fence to slide no matter how hard I was able to crank down the friction cam .3 . The thickness -LRB- or should I say thinness -RRB- of the particle board top and the choice of mounting points makes clamping an alternate fence impossible . Applying appropriate clamping force causes large bowing and flexing of the laminate top . The result is that once you discover that the portamax fence ca n't be used , you discover you ca n't clamp a straight board as a fence either .4 . The choice of the pop-out ring sizes in the plastic insert are such that the Dewalt DW-621 can not be bolted to the insert and must be bolted to an intermediate plate which is then bolted to the insert . This is mainly Dewalt 's fault since the DW-621 base is famously small and narrow.The bottom line is that for $ 100 you do not get much . I only got the plastic insert which I built my own table around . Anyone looking to add this to their portamax should think twice . Save yourself the hassle and just buy the plastic insert .
 I 've been a very happy owner of another Rousseau table -LRB- the 2875XL -RRB- , so I thought that I 'd try the PortaMax out with its router extension . The idea of the extension is good -- the whole notion of extending your table saw 's fence while at the same time housing a router is clever . However , the great idea is marred by several significant design flaws :1 -RRB- As a previous reviewer mentioned , the extension is secured and leveled using tiny screws . They pretty much insta-dent the main table as soon as you use the extension . I leaned the table -LRB- in its folded form -RRB- against a shelf . When it tipped over and dropped all of 12 inches , the extension dented the main table -LRB- and need to be re-leveled -RRB- . This unfortunately also makes the fence ride a bit rickety over the dent . This design flaw is a huge deal -- almost anyone who really uses the table will hit this problem .2 -RRB- The pre-set holes in the plate , which are meant to help you start manual routing jobs , actually get in the way of mounting routers -LRB- like my Makita -RRB- . The only way to get around this is to mount your router at an off angle -LRB- basically `` spin '' the base of the router -RRB- . When drilling the plate , it makes a horrid smell .3 -RRB- Previous reviewers have mentioned the problems of the crown in the plate -LRB- which Rousseau claims is a `` feature , '' but most reviewers agree is a `` bug '' -RRB- , as well as the relatively cheesy thin table top . These do n't bug me too much , but I can imagine a more discerning woodworker being bothered .4 -RRB- The table surface does n't have a mitre track.In net , although I 'm a huge fan of other Rousseau tables , this extension is really not anywhere near as cool as a standalone . Even Rousseau 's own standalone router table comes with a mitre track ! This extension is probably only good for recreational / occasional routing . It 's no good for someone who 's serious .
 Unless you want to mount the saw to a wall you must have a stand . This does the job but is cheaply designed and made . The stand is simply galvanized `` angle iron '' with a bag full of U-bolts and low grade nuts and bolts . Instruction sheet is crude so you have to figure out how to assemble it the best way you can .
 I purchased a Lancelot carving tool during the summer of 2000 to do some cedar carving . I was disapointed in the performance . I much prefer a small chainsaw for carving . Better control , better & faster stock removal , more versitile and I feel safer with the chainsaw . Probably because my hands are further away from the cutting action . If you do n't own a chain saw , the Lancelot may be the tool for you . It is faster than hand carving .
 The information this company listed on Amazon is missing one key tidbit
 I framed a house last year and I only used the stick three times . I think it is fine for very lazy people or for a guy framing 100 houses a day .
 This blade is so thin it will not rip , it just tracks off and follows the grain of the wood . It would not even cross cut 5 stacked sheets of 1/2 '' plywood . It cross cuts a 4x6 ok , but wanders a bit on 3x6 ipe .
 As a tool holder , it worked great . But in casual homeowner use over a less than 2 month period holding only my 12V drill , the aluminum rivet holding the ` Lugg ' to the spring steel belt clip broke . As an engineer , it became obvious that a joint between aluminum and spring steel requires special consideration that was not given in this design . To make matters worse , I contacted via e-mail the company that produced this , from whom I bought the device originally , and have yet to hear from them . If your 's breaks , do n't try to fix it yourself . I did , and the ` Lugg ' , which also appears to be made of aluminum , failed at the thread as I was removing the nut . There was probably some loc-tite in the top nut . Yes , the device is very useful , and relatively inexpensive , but if you buy one , be prepared to replace it often .
 The Bigg Lugg 's idea is a good idea , but does not allow the person to get to the gun and get it out of the cradle . Most of the time , the clip comes off with the gun . Not a good product .
 I can see how it 's a really great holster -- for many drills . But I have one of the older Makita drills that has a long straight handle , not one with a big lump at the end . I 'm sure it 's great with the lumpy drills , but for my straight drill , I had to abaondon this and get a Search 940528 holster , which works OK -LRB- though probably not as good as a Bigg Lugg with a lumpy drill -RRB- .
 These seem like a good idea , and they work pretty well , but I have only had mine for 7 days and it already fell apart . I fixed it easily since the nut just fell off , but it really is n't that great a design . I think I would try a regular holster holder for a drill next time . These are handy for their versatility , but the lack of trust in it actually holding a tool makes it worth less .
 This thing pops of the belt too often . Risk the well-being of your tools everytime you use it .
 This is an example of a good idea badly implemented . The clip slides up and down the tool belt and the hook bends easily . I stopped using it after having my Panasonic drill fall to the ground twice . Should have used steel , not Aluminum for the hook and come up with away to keep the clip from sliding . Unfortunately , this is useless .
 Simply put , this belt hook is n't worth the retail price . It does hold virtually any tool , as advertised , BUT :1 . When not in use , the belt hook continually snags on objects . Even if you fold it in , it works its way out and becomes an annoyance .2 . The wire hook that holds your $ 200 + cordless tool bends rather easily when snagged , and can result in a dropped tool .3 . The cheap plastic swivel and rivet arrangement that transfers all of the weight of the tool from the wire hook to the spring steel belt clip BREAKS easily.All in all , this clip is NOT recommended . The versatility is nice , but the quality of construction/materials and overall performance just do n't make it .
 The first problem I had with this item was that it kept sliding down my tool belt and finally the clip bent so that it did n't grip any longer . So I cut the part that hooks over your belt and fastened it with a small screw and that part is great now . But now my drill sometimes falls out and the hook bends open even though I have a fairly light drill -LRB- 4.4 lbs -RRB- . My friend has a cheap looking hook and his gun never falls out . I would not buy this kind again until they improved it .
 I 'm an interior trim carpenter and I bought one of these to hold my cordless drill while installing bipass doors . It seemed like every time I tried to take the drill off the hook , it would hang up . I tried to tighten the nut so the hook would n't swivel as much , but still had hang-up problems . Also , when I was n't carrying my drill in the hook , it kept falling off my belt . Mine now lives in the bottom of my misc . junk bucket . Hope this helps .
 Nice product , however the reason for my purchase was that the ad specifically stated and claimed the product was of all metal construction ... I 've bought a similar product throught the Home Depot Chain and the piece that is jioned by the pop rivet shows wear within two to three months , thus the reason for my seeking one of `` All metal Construction '' !!
 I bought the Big Lugg because I am a carpenter who is constantly looking for ways to make my job more fun and to justify trying new gagets . I thought this gaget would be great for my 18v Makita drill . Unfortunately , the first time I moved , the drill fell out and landed on my foot . Needless to say , after a couple of choice words , I packed the Bigg Lugg up and sent it back .
 After reading all of the reviews here I bought the 2700XL for my Makita 2703 . I thought that it would be an improvement with regard to the fence and add some much needed table space . I realize in retrospect that I should have just sold the 2703 and bought a new saw . Here are the issues : Fighting with the nylon mounts - Rather than attach to your table saw in any stable fashion it is designed so that your saw rests on nylon ring mounts . These are extremely frustrating to get set up properly for a tight fit . As you screw in the bolts -LRB- from underneath the table -RRB- the rings invariably move throwing you out of square . Right off the top of my head I can think of a half dozen ways this could have been done better . Poorly done.Even more poorly done - what I would call a MAJOR DESIGN FLAW
 This table is a delight . The cutting accuracy is incredible . Having recently retired , I 'm catching up on 30 plus years of `` honey-do 's '' , including house remodeling . The large table space and the ease of operation are features not found on other saws I 've owned . The portability is a major plus . Highly recommended .
 It was mismanufactured and sat out of square on the sled . Then the degree angle levers were misaligned ; you could not tighten them as they struck the sled . I found that the big hole in the sled makes it hard to use when starting cutting a beam . The power is not alot different than my 7 1/4 Bosch circulat saw . You have to be really careful to pry away the cut off as the saw binds and stops.The guard lever needs to be longer as NORMAL fingers cant hold it up when starting the cut.I did not find it all that heavy .
 i ordered a spline to sds max and got a a spline to sds plus -LRB- never heard of sds plus . thought that would be the max.i was wrong -RRB- . i would like to return this item . how do i do this ?
 If you need to do many duplicate cuts under 20 '' , i guess toll is ok ... But it really is hard to asemble/use with any ease . . Most of the Rouseau Products were good . But reall missed the mark as far as what we expected ... Saw support does n't really work as described ... But is better tham most
 I received the Cheeter PN 10101 thinking it would work with my Porter Cable Extra Heavy Duty framing saw , only to discover that the guide works only for blade-on-right saws , and mine is a blade-on-left . The only way to do 90-degree cuts is by clamping the guide on the other side of the board , and the cut is made so that the guide is being pushed out of alignment . The catalog should state that the guide is for blade-on-right saws only ! If there is a blade-on-left version available , please let me know .
 A tool that you 'll likely stuff under a shelf and find once or twice a year while moving around the tools that are practicle .
 Have not even bothered to use it , just returning . It is supposed to `` lock '' into place to give you a 90o cut guide , but the alignment holes are off for the dimples that are suppose to fit in the holes , so it never `` locks '' into place . The only way I would trust that is was square would be to use a right angle to check for square . Mine was hard to set at 90o using just my hands -LRB- does not rotate smoothly -RRB- . However , when using it , it would be easy for the saw to push it slightly out of alignment because there is no way to lock it at a set angle.Elimination of the 90o alignment holes/dimples and the addition of some kind of real lock that was accurate would be good .
 I got it in record time with cheap shipping and the price was great too.I bolted it to a new Skil mag 7 1/4 wormdrive saw . The mag is not light by any means and it shook badly . After dismantling and reassembling no less than 10 times I determined the part that bolts on where the blade usually is was .010 loose . Fortunately , I had my vernier caliper stuck in there with the socket set , allen wrenches and a set of feeler guages now minus the .005 which is cut and wrapped around the bolt to take up the slop . Ah , smooth running , hardly.The camillion chain starts to change color and begin smoking like the `` Dice Man '' unless you stop and oil the thing every couple minutes , some type of `` rigged '' oil feed is necessary . It is also necessary to frequently check the chain tension to avoid it 's falling off . The chain tension issue is caused by the chain adjuster/tensioner being useless , not a screw like a real chain saw.The vibration of the chain through the chain drive sproket produces volumous vibration and chatter certain to remove unwanted fillings from your teeth . It is impossible to keep the work area free of wood chips , I found the need to sift through chips to find bolts that continued to fall out even after they had been secured with thread locking compound.Far be it from me to follow the safety instructions . I removed the safety bar for the plunge cut I was doing . When holding the saw in front of you the imbalance of the saw sends the 12 inch chainsaw blade toward your leg where a momentary lapse of attention could really impare/and or/improve your love life . Use extreme caution.Time is money . A slightly better tool would be twice as fast . I rough cut 10x10 PT into tapered columns with square tops and bottoms . Power planing , belt sanding , routed flutes , wire wheeled and sandblasted to finish , the Beam Cutter 's slow production and rough finish just part of the labor intensive process.Boys got ta have toys . This is more toy than tool , consider an electric chain saw.Prazi would do well building an electric chainsaw fitted with a plate similar to a circular saw . Who am I to say , I 'm no expert , I 've only been doing this for 30 years.Anybody want to buy a Prazi Beam Cutter ... cheap ?
 I use these reviews , so feel obligated to comment . I bought one of these to cut tenon joints for timber framing . I might as well have just used a chainsaw . NOT accurate at all . As another review noted , makes a chainsaw cut . That would be fine , IF it could cut straight . saw guide is just too flimsy , it flexes . I know it sounds like a good , inexpensive way to cut timber , and it does cut like a chainsaw , just doesnt cut straight like you most likely want . It can cut fast though !
 I bought this tool for cutting some heavy timbers for some roof trusses and was very disappointed with it . It is impossible to get a good square cut with it . Although you can follow a straight line on the cutting surface , the blade tends to wander as it cuts through the lower half of the material . We ended up using a Skilsaw to cut around 4 sides and finishing the center with a Sawzall . The Prazi is NOT worth the money for precision work .
 the first day when i tried to bolt it to my saw , the nut that holds the chain to the saw broke off in the saw , now the saw and the parzi is useless .
 I was excited when I saw this product advertised , and I was equally horrified the first time I used it . I have very old glazing and this product simply would not work . I managed to destroy the first window I tried it on and that was it . There is really no way to effectively practice using this thing , so good luck for you first-timers . I returned mine .
 Good idea in theory but lousy in practice . This tool did not work for me . It is very awkward trying to hold the drill and position this gadget . I had the luxury of removing the sashes from the window jamb and working on a bench -- still impossible . Try a heat gun .
 Poor design and a waste of money . Maybe it works better on not-so-hard putty . A top-bearing flush trim router bit and a straight board tacked to the sash works like a charm . Buy That !
 When I saw this product in your catalog , it seemed like the perfect tool for my reglazing project but when it came time to use it , I was horrified to watch it chew up most of the woooden frame around two different windowpanes . I promptly put it up and finished the job by hand with putty knives and a thin-bladed knife . Do not waste your time or money on this product .
 I thought this would help me remove old cracked glazing . No way ! It did little more than rub it real hard . It was hard to control as well . Do yourself a favor and get a Dremel tool with a cutting bit . Or try a Rotozip like tool . You need one of these anyway ! I have both and found the Dremel tool easier to control alowing me to quickly remove glazing . I also scratched the surface of the wood giving me a new wood face for the new glazing . Look at it this way . How much Dremel tool would the cost of this putty rubber pay for . I wish I had read these user reviews before I wasted my money .
 This company has a good idea , but the product suffers from poor materials , other than the carbide cutter . Ater a few serious uses , the cutter mangled the inner diameter of the plastic guide . Leaving an almost useless cutter on a comically long steel shaft . The guide and handle should have been made of Brass or similar , and all one piece . The guide has a tendency to slip , and spin with the shaft , so the bosses that make up the guide wear almost smooth and lose their grip anyway , since this piece is made of -LRB- not durable -RRB- plastic . As the tool is a long shaft , it is easy to get out of control and gouge the surrounding metal , or wood . I found a little care and a Carbide 1/4 '' router bit used in the drill chuck more effective and less complicated . Faster too !
 I 've read about the Prazi Putty Chaser for several years and on paper at least it seemed like a really great idea ... However ... As is the case with many ideas . What looks good on paper and what works in the field are two very different creatures.When it comes to the real world this things is beyond useless ... Besides being slow and very awkward to use . . it also easily damages or breaks the glass ... Fortunatly the damage will be minimal as the tool falls apart within the first ten minutes you have in in hand.I guess if one were EXTREMELY cautions and methodical -LRB- read , VERY , VERY SLOW ! -RRB- you might get it to do an OK job ... If ... you can get beyond the first window before it breaks , but why bother ?!? I can do the same work with a sharp chisel and a mallet at twice the speed of the Prazi and I do n't scar or break the glass in the process ... Having been in the construction trades for over twenty five years , this tool stands out as one , if not THE most useless tool I have ever bought.In buying a Prazi Putty Chaser I wasted twenty bucks on a useless tool , not to mention the additional forty I had to shell out to replace the glass it damaged.My professional recommendation is to forget about this one !
 this tool is slower than using a heat gun , and has a tendency to damage the window frame .
 I purchased this item hoping it would work for very old windows . My wife has an art business and she sells about 200 antique windows a year . I 've been cleaning out the glazing with a heat gun and chisle for years and was looking for a easier way so I thoughtI would try the putty chaser but the glazing is just to hard for the putty chasier .
 Not well made . The bushing/mutton spacer is plastic and wears very fast . Doesnot remove glazing well and grooves wood on muttons when it does . Worn out after 1 window of 6 panes . Can not recommend this product at 1/2 the price .
 There is as far as I can tell no redeeming value to this `` tool '' . Better you should use a sharp stick or a screw driver . There is a need for a tool such as this one purports to be , but this rendition is not the answer . I know what this tool is attempting to do , however it is obvious the designer has no idea how one designs tools that meet the rigorous requirements of such work . Aside from the quality issues the dam thing is downright dangerous . This tool is a total waste !!!
 by far the worst purchase I have ever made ! now you CAN make it eat some putty , the problem is it will also eat the wood . it is meant to act as a `` bearing bit '' that follows along the wood . BUT the surface you are bearing against is the putty it self . Therefore you have to `` free hand '' into the putty to create a bearing surface on the wood , of course you will most likely nic or even destroy the side of the wood in so doing . and once you do get to the wood the ... oh never mind I hope you get the point by now .
 This putty chaser is junk , it does not work well at all . It is much easier and faster to remove the glazing putty from around your windows with a heat gun , much easier . I return my putty -LRB- junk -RRB- chaser back to Amazon .
 Did n't take long for this thing to break . And it did n't really work very well getting any of the old hard putty out either .
 It appears all Prazi needs to do is add a smaller sized bolt in the kit to fit the Makita saw . They know this is a problem but do not make it clear that these saws are not compatible . You are warned .
 I have a great collection of tools but this was one I regretted buying ... It was a poorly designed setup . the first clue was that the main attacnment bolt -LRB- that comes in kit -RRB- that holds the chain spocket to the saw motor shaft . had damaged threads and you ca n't use the saw without that bolt ... can you say Q.A or Q.C ? The beam saw once it was attached and working was not really centered with the Milwalkee worn drive saw shaft , which was bought new with this Prazi beam saw -LRB- it was to be a dedicated combo unit -RRB- The beam saw would operate with a sort of concentric motion around the center of saw shaft.The saw kept loosing up locked down saw parts , bolts would back out of the Prazi unit . . I was not impressed with this tool but then again maybe I 'm just a picky General Building Contractor .
 Although this product is advertised as working with `` ANY 7 1/4 '' Worm Drive Saw '' I discovered the blade guard of the DeWalt DW378G prevented the installation of the Beam Cutter . Upon talking with the manufacturer I found they were aware of the problem and had no plans to modify the product as they would have to change the head casting . They also pointed out that the DeWalt model was a hypoid drive and not a worm drive .
 3 weeks since I got delivery of this saw . You must order the blade from them since none is included with a $ 1700 saw and it takes only 8 inch blades . Home Depot dose n't carry 8 inch blades . My saw motor came with a wobbly engine . When you put in the blade - of course properly and tighten it - it wobbles . I called and they asked me to go through milwakee 's warantee . I am going there tomorrow and will report back . My advise , avoid this supplier .
 total waste of money , do n't know why they even bother making these . went through 2 packages of 36 each in one afternoon Advise every one to spend the extra and get the reinforced cut off disks much better value for the money .
 I try to cut wood with these discs . They are so easy to break . It also takes a lot of time to install and remove them . What hassle !
 Do Not Buy ! Literally crumbled first time we used this product . Fortunately , had safety goggles on to protect from flying pieces .
 Uh huh , I know they are supposed to be used gingerly - only at the edge ... But when cutting at dremel RPM 's - on any but the lightest materials , these fail.I mean , come on . . Who is cutting things with a dremel , in which you dont apply some sort of pressure ? -LRB- Which usually sends the disk into several fragments -RRB- My dremel came with a pack of these and I spent more time screwing these things on the holder than actual use . Which sucks.Unless you are making tissue paper models or cutting whipped butter , get the reinforced disks , or the full fiber disks . In cost / time comparison with ANY other cutting disk , These are useless . Even the super cheap `` off-brand '' diamond wheels cost less , cut more .
 The mandrel used for this wheel has only a screw to hold the wheel to the mandrel . Consequently it tears away as soon as you touch the item you are cutting . I had a masonry nail in a chimney wall where a picture once hung . I thought the easiest way to deal with the nail was to cut it off with a cutting wheel . I touched it as gently as I could and the wheel went flying . Useless !
 After waiting approx . 3 weeks , I was informed this item was not available . Had I received the item , I 'm sure it 's quality would have been excellent .
 Do n't Make the same mistake I did , by not reading the reviews ... This is my first ever disapointment with Amazon ... I use the `` Wave '' for Law Enforcement , and had previously tossed out the original brown leather sheath that was supplied upon purchase , because it does not match black basket-weave leather . Why would I purchase the same useless sheath ???
 Item was just OK , nothing great . Was looking for something a little classier , for wearing my new charge tti , -LRB- as it 's about the same size as the wave -RRB- . but is not the case . did n't quite measure up to photo , so wo n't be using . Just chuck it up to a poor purchase .
 The quality of the sheath is not the best , as there is no edge treatment on the leather . Mine was also slightly offset in the snap placement so the flap is not quite perpendicular when closed . There is also no option for horizontal orientation on the belt , as I had hoped .
 I called AllSparesTools -LRB- the listed source for these sheathes -RRB- to veryify that they had _ exactly _ the sheath pictured on amazon.com . The man at AllSparesTools assured me repeatedly that they did . No such luck ! The sheath I received is the same fairly disappointing model other reviewers complained about . It really is not nearly the quality of the old style -LRB- as pictured -RRB- , although it does get the job done.Update
 Customer be warned ! The leatherman pouch you will recieve is not the one pictured . I made the mistake of ordering this product before reading any reviews . When I got it in the mail I thought that Amazon got my order wrong . Then when I read the other customer reviews I understood . The pouch that you will get is a less expensive made leather one . While it still is a good quaility pouch . It is lighter color leather , thinner and the botton just says leatherman and does not have the leatherman tool logo on it . It also says Leatherman in gold lettering accross the bottom part of the pouch not Leatherman Wave on top like the one pictured .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I say `` added '' because the sheath here is not the sheath pictured above . The sheath you are purchasing here is lighter brown and much more flimsy . -LSB- ... -RSB- I purchased this product specifically because I have the sheath you will receive and was disappointed with it .
 As another review stated , the sheath I received is not the same style as the one I received . I have one of sheaths in the style pictured and it just looks better that the ones they are sending now . Maybe that 's why they used a picture of the older style in the ad .
 I bought this for my dads leatherman . It was to small . You have to really look at the demensions when buying . Not all leathermen are the same size .
 The leather is very stiff , it does n't seem like a very high grade of leather , but almost pleather like unfortunately . My Leatherman Wave got stuck in the sheath and required a bit of force to get it out at one point . With it being of such low quality , I was disappointed in this product and would n't recommend it to anyone . Having all the problems that I did , it just does n't get used anymore . I really had high hopes for it and really did n't think it could be that bad , but I wish I never bought it . Since I guess it does technically hold the Wave , I will update it to two stars even though I can barely get it out . I have n't tried oiling it , as the comment below mentioned , but to me , I should n't have to do that to something I just purchased .
 I ordered 2 of these cases hoping that I could use them with my leatherman wave for the next several years ... The first sheath broke within a month -LRB- the belt loop ripped off -RRB- . The second sheath also broke within a month -LRB- the button ripped off -RRB- . Although this sheath is better than the factory issued one , I can not recommend this leather sheath due to the poor build quality ... I would not purchase again .
 This product is very cheaply made out of stiff thin leather , the belt loop on the holder ripped after the first time I used it :--LRB- I would not recomend this product to anyone !!!!!!!!
 I had been using a former model for around ten years without problem . I replaced it with the new model in May of this year , but the belt holder came off in half a year . I 'm very disappointed with it .
 Got this sheath because I liked the old leatherman sheaths . This one had bad stiching and was poor quality . Original sheath works and alows me to carry other things with it . save money use the sheath it comes with . PS made in China
 Danze is a good company but this head it truly a rain shower head . It needs to be a straight overhead fixture as there is minimal water pressure with this head
 I really like this prybar . I 'm not going to loan it out , That 's for sure .
 This is made in China and is not as thin and finely tapered as the original Japanese version.It 's OK , but it 's a BIG disappointment if you were looking for the original . At this price it should be the gen-u-ine article , Made In Japan !
 Indeed , this is changing a 5 star review to a two star . I got one of the last Japan-issue versions , and planned on keeping it forever . However , this did n't pan out . The new China version is very poor by comparison . First , the cat 's paw does n't have the close tolerance of the original . It ca n't get small trim nails . In fact , the whole effect seemed dramatically different and I gouged the hell out of some plywood -LRB- did n't happen with original -RRB- . Next , the ultra-thin blade is not so thin at all . I have other prybars by Hyde and Red Devil which win handily now in terms of thin-ness . Finally , the blade was actually ground differently on the inside edge , a clear sign of sloppy craftsmanship , it was maybe 3/32 different on one side . Very disappointed in Shark . If you have the best tool and ca n't cut it as a company , just raise the price , do n't become a lesser thing for the same price . Now this bar is in between what it was and something you can buy at HD , and now I have to shop for a proper one.BTW , if you go to the shark website , and read their PDF on their incredible hand-finished tools , the exact things that are missing are the `` V-blade '' in the cat 's paw they claim grabs the nail . It 's closer to a pinched U now .
 The countersink for the screw head does n't get cut w/o great force on the drill . The allen screw wrench hole was stripped very quickly , so that it was impossible to fix the countersinking part of the tool relative to the shank drilling bit . In a quality countersink , the shank drilling bit is tapered , but on this tool it 's straight -LRB- constant diameter -RRB- .
 I was looking for an affordable power caulking gun and thought that the Quickpoint Power Caulker might work for me . I should have listened to that little voice when the old axiom `` You get what you pay for ! '' came to mind as I filled out the order form . The plastic disk broke loose from the end of the plunger on the second tube of caulk . Do yourself a favor , save yourself time , money , and the frustration of having to end your project early because of equipment failure . Spend a little more money and buy better quality .
 I do n't like this design for knife sheaths and here is why . In order to reduce the amount of material the leather is folded around behind the sheath . Then the corners are riveted in place with a flap for the belt loop . The leather always seems to tear at one of these rivets . Plus when you are threading your belt through the belt loop it tends to hang up on the open section of the sheath between the rivets . It 's not that it does n't work , its just that there is a much one.For another dollar you can get a much better designed sheath . The ones 's with the stiching around the outside of two pieces of leather . -LRB- 931400 or model 931100 -RRB- It 's worth spending the extra money .
 this device is not as easy to use as other Brake Pedal depressors . The design is hard to apply , , and not so good .
 I bought this tool in part for some soft metal work -LRB- tin/aluminum -RRB- . After 2 minutes I had ground more off of the tool than the object I was working with . The only metal it will cut is aluminum foil . NOT AS ADVERTISED . Rather ticked off .
 I WAS HAVING FUN WITH , MY DAD I WORKED TOGATHER ON HOMES 25 YEARS . SO I GOT THIS IT WAS GOOD FOR 6 TUBS , I MADE SURE IT WAS CLEN , AIR PSI , WAS RIGHT . THEN IT STOP , , IGOT SAMS TUB OUT OF AIR GUN PUT IT IN A HAND GUN , TUB CAULK WAS WORKING GOOD . ALL TUBS OF CAULK I GOT AT LOWES AND LOOKED AT THE DATES ON EACH ONE . THIS BAD THING NOT BECOUSE IT STOP ON ME I READ ALL ABOUT IT WHAT WAS SAID HOW THAY USED IT . I HAVE $ 40.000.00 TOOLS , BUT THIS ONE GOT ME TDHILL .
 Our house had four of these units , all installed by the previous owner 's estate right before we purchased it ; according to the date of manufacture on the back , they are nearly 6 years old now . Last year they all started triggering at the slightest provocation
 Brother , it 's back to First Alert for us . This hunka junk goes off every time one of us has a shower that lasts more than 5 minutes . A little bit of water vapor in the air is doing it . POS . Into the garbage .
 There is a reason these are being sold for this price . Unfortunately , you ca n't see the date stamp until you open them . The ones I purchased in Oct , 2008 had a date of Sept , 2002 . If you want to get full life usefulness out of a smoke detector -LRB- 10 years -RRB- , you would be wise to shop at your local hardware stores , where you can see the date before you buy .
 After a few weeks it WENT NUTS - and goes off whenever it pleases . Had fire dept. come to check - - the problem was in the unit . GARBAGE .
 Product was advertised as new ; when I rec 'd the product , it was listed as being built in Sept 13 , 2005 . The Mfg 's literature says that it is to last ten years . the packaging from amazon said it was guarenteed for five years . Anyway you look at it ; I 've been taken .
 Worked well for 8 years . Replaced the battery tonight and it caught itself on fire . Fortunately , I was still holding it as it began to smolder . I removed the battery and put it in the trash . Looks like I 'll pick another brand .
 I have this product and it is extremely overpricedand poorly designed . Using the gun with the smallcartridge is OK with no problem but trying to use thegun for the large cartridges is almost impossible!In order to use a large cartridge you have to put thecartridge in a tube and connect the tube to the gun.This is done by compressing a hard rubber `` O '' ring andhere is the problem . Using all my strength I cannotexert enough pressure to compress this `` O '' ring and assemblethe gun . Perhaps this is just the fault of the cartridgebut this should not happen . You can not have a caulking gunthat will work only on certain cartridges.It is better to have two guns -LRB- one for small cartridgesand another for the large catridges -RRB- . For the price of thisgun you can purchase two guns . You just have to look aroundspend some time . I returned this gun and now have two seperatecaulking guns that work great -LRB- and have money let over -RRB- !
 For some odd reason dremel does n't provide washers to help hold cutting wheels in place . The first cutting wheel I used ground out it 's own center hole too big to keep the cutting wheel even . I did manage to cut through my rusty bold , but had to replace the wheel because of the center hole damage.The second cutting wheel cut right through the teeny tiny screw holding the wheel on the tool.I was hoping that dremel made something better than this , but apparently not . From what I can asertain I am supposed to stock up on dremel mandrel screw downs at 3 $ a pop and let it cut through it 's own holding screw.It is a pain to tighten this thing down because the screw is so small . The cutting wheels are so fragile I am affraid I am going to shatter the wheel if it 's down two tight . If it 's not down tight enough though then it will cut the holding screw or grind out a big hole in the center of the wheel . -LRB- Can we get around to actually cutting the material in the project ? -RRB- Also , be careful when tightening this down . If your screw driver slips and goes past the screw too fast it will shatter the cutting wheel.It astounds me that they would have such an unstable method for holding the cutting wheel in place . I would have thought after the number of years on the market they have had they would have improved on the method of holding these wheels in place . A broad flat surface such as washers or a flang of some kind on the end of the tool to support the wheel would be a big improvement .
 I ordered this tub WEEKS ago . I got a phone call saying it had shipped WEEKS ago ... no package in sight ! I have messaged Midwest General Store via email and amazon MULTIPLE times with no feedabck whatsoever to help me figure out what is going on . Not happy with them at all !!!
 Do n't click on the buy button if you think that this sheath is what you need . Coz it is n't . The sheath can only hold the mini-tool and there is no way that you can add the bits in.Instead , get the Wave and mini-tool combo which hold both items in a single pouch and you can put your bits in the handy holder that comes with it .
 This brush may be great for polishing but it is not useful for cleaning grout . I searched a lot of products and there were not many options for cleaning without stripping completely . In case someone else is looking for the same thing this brush is not the answer .
 I would have to agree with every other reveiw on the net regaurding this saw . It is impossible to use for one person and does not cut accuraty . Both of which the ad says it will do . Believe it or not there is a patent on this saw ????? why ?? After I received the saw I quickly relized why it was the lowest price saw on the market . I was going to just make it work and make all the modifacations and correct the cutting and adding panels to the side to make the unit longer to be able to support a FULL sheet of plywood . But then I relized that I paid for a NEW working saw and sould n't have to modify it . I believe the company knows of the problems , this unit is being discontinued so save your money . I returned the unit and it should only cost ME the return shipping . I have not quite figured that out yet ?? I will be in contact with Tool Crib and I 'm sure they will stand behind the products and I will hopfully get a FULL REFUND . I would recommend buying a Back to Back clamp it does the same thing and does ` nt cost much . Its a stright clamp that does not get in the way for easy cuts with a regular circular saw . Good luck in your woodworking future .
 This saw is junk I can not get it to cut square , I called the manufacture and tried what they said still cuts off.I am stuck with it
 Ordered nine of these smoke alarms last summer , replacing older units . We have n't had a fire , so I ca n't say how well they work in that scenario , but we had to replace one of them after about a year because it started sounding brief alarms for no reason in the middle of the night . Since all nine are interconnected , they all sounded . It was rather unsettling . The replacement has been fine so far , but a couple of days ago another unit initiated one brief spurious alarm , so now I 'm keeping my eye on that one .
 I bought 7 of these as replacements for an older model that Kiddie no longer makes . Within 3 months of installation , I have had 3 false alarms -LRB- twice in the middle of the night -RRB- . The false alarms came from 3 different rooms , so I have 3 defective units out of the 7 I installed.Our home is very clean , we do not smoke , and the units that failed were in bedrooms -LRB- not the garage or kitchen -RRB- . So , I can not see any reason for the false alarms.I would not recommend this model , they are not reliable .
 I had a house full of Kidde 1275 smoke alarms , and after several malfunctions -LRB- including one electrical problem causing it to literally `` go up in smoke '' -RRB- , I replaced them with the i12040 ... only because I wanted something that would `` drop in '' with the current mounting system and wiring . That they did , and I 've had no false alarms in the month they 've been installed.Why the 2 stars ? Previous to purchasing , I contacted Kidde -LRB- via their customer service web page -RRB- to ensure the i12040 units had the same mounting system as the old 1275 's and to ensure the wiring would be compatible with all the Kidde alarms on the system . Kidde never responded . I found out from a do-it-yourself web forum that these would work fine.Kidde 's customer support is notoriously poor . The old 1275 units were deficient in design and/or manufacture - and Kidde refused to acknowledge this . I wo n't give high marks to a company that wo n't respond to customer service issues .
 Replaced the older model as everyone else and was happy with how easy it was . Then , the false alarms started coming about a month later . Going to try to switch to a different brand and hope I can use existing wiring some how .
 This is the second unit of these that I have replaced for false alarms . Humidity seems to set them off when I called the company they said '' Oh yeah , that will happen take it down and take out the battery till the humidity passes '' . I do n't like taking down my smoke alarms especialy in the middle of the night when these false alarms occure most of the time leaving my family and home unprotected . I am looking for another manufacturer .
 I purchased three of these for a basement addition . They would not work with my older Kidde detectors and the customer support did not respond to several inquiries . I purchased another brand and replaced every detector in my house . I can not recommend Kidde products because of this lack of support .
 I am writing this to say 1 thing about these ... DO N'T BUY THESE , DO N'T LET YOUR CONTRACTOR INSTALL THESE , AND BE READY TO WAKE UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT IF YOU GET THESE !! I have had these in my house since 2007 when I was required by law due to an addition I was building to have hardwired smokes put in the house . The contractor followed the law and installed this unit !! They have been replace once already and same issue ... if there is any and I mean any dust , a spider or a small power surge or the wind blows the wrong way these units go off . It is 2:17 am and once again they have gone off and waken up my whole family and scared my dog into her crate that she never goes in.They have had batteries replaced every 6 months , they have been dusted , cleaned in ever way I know how and still they go off , and one when goes they all go . These as of now have been all pulled down batteries yanked and I will be replacing them in the morning myself with some other unit ... which I have no idea.Just because someone says hey look they are easy to install does n't mean anything just wait these are a nightmare .
 I bought 3 of these at Lowe 's less than 1 year ago . I had 1 of 3 go of multiple times on different nights . I crawled through my entire house looking for smoke/fire ... nothing ... and guess what ... JUST LIKE THE OTHER REVIEWS ... it was sitting in the middle of my master bedroom . When I took this lovely piece down ... it went off again . I threw it down to the bed ... alarm ... dang bed fires . Gees , now it 's chance , do I risk another wake or replace the other 2 also.When I went to replace it at Lowe 's , `` sorry we do not carry that anymore , no refund '' . It did n't even show up in the system anymore beside some `` manager authorization needed '' which the clerk said means it was a poor product that is not being carried anymore.I notice Home Depot still has this piece of junk . Save yourself the sleepless nights . Nothing like waking mid snore to a loud siren thinking your family needs to run out the door .
 It is astounding that given everything that is possible in this day and age , what complete crap this product is . I had the unfortunate circumstance of purchasing a house where the builder had installed 15 of these smoke alarms . The sheer number of false alarms generated by these silly things has done nothing but train my family to effectively ignore any smoke detector warnings . It is amazing this company has n't been sued into bankruptcy by now .
 My family and I have just moved back into our home . We had a fire that destroyed 100 % of our home and personal belongings . We were only back in our home for one week when our Kiddle i2040A smoke alarms started going off at 3 a.m. Of course my family was frantic thinking not again . I -LRB- husband -RRB- was clearing every room and even went outside to perform a 360 degree sweep of the house to ensure that my family was not in any serious danger . THE HOUSE WAS NOT ON FIRE . I contacted my contractor the next day and he tells us that there should be a code blinking on the smoke detectors and that the number of blinks should tell me what the problem was . There were no blinking lights to tell me what had happened . Two weeks went by and did not have a problem with the units . Now , I am up at 4 a.m. writing this review because I literally just took all of these units down because they have been going off for the last hour . I contacted by builder and have told him he will be replacing these units with smoke alarms of better quality.The last thing my family and I need is to be woken up by smoke alarms that consistently give off false alarms . As I mentioned early , my family and I just got back into our house that burned down . We do not need the added stress of having this cheap product scare my kids at night thinking they are going to loose all of their belongings again . Take my advice , stay far away from these units they are horrible . Its ' funny , as I looked for reviews on this product I ran across Amazon 's reviews . Many people have already complained about these systems giving off false alarms and most stated that it is early in the morning .
 This is my second set of Kidde smoke detectors . These were an updated version and rated to be good with few false alarms . Wrong . Really wrong . Within a few days of putting them up one started alarming . Repeatedly . I took it down . I took the battery out . Put it back up . Good for a few day , and it started alarming . Took it down . On battery only , it seems to never alarm . Now the upstairs one started the same thing . The basement one has never alarmed . I am sending all of them back . I do n't care if I get any refund . I am never going to buy another Kidde product .
 I bought this to replace a 12 year old smoke detector make by Firex . I believe Kidde purchased them . I needed an adapter to make it able to connect to the old style adapter but then the mounting holes were located different and I ended up not using it at all .
 A few months ago I replaced six Kidde 1275 smoke alarms in my home with Kidde i12040 . Some of the new ones are now falsely triggering alarms , usually middle of night , just like the ones I removed . Random alarms for 10 or 20 seconds then stop . If you have multiple units they will trigger the audio alarm sympathetically to each other . This seems like a good safety feature , but this makes it very difficult to figure out which one you have to disconnect to get the noise to stop since after the event is over there seems to be no indication which unit was the original culprit . I have read that the homeowner should clean these units every year . I do n't live in a dusty area and cleaning them every 3 months to prevent the false alarms is crazy . Fundamentally , I think there 's a circuit design defect or component defect in the Kidde products and I would stay away from them . The irony of this is that this aberrant behavior causes people to disable their smoke alarms and decrease fire safety . There 's probably product liability lawsuit opportunity buried in here someplace .
 According to wikipedia , ionization smoke detectors are cheaper to produce , have more false alarms and less give less time for evacuation in the case of smoldering fires . The wiki article on smoke detectors indicates that the difference is important and cites a court case against First Alert . I did n't look up the case . I hope someone will.A jury in the United States District Courtfor the Northern District of New York decidedin 2006 that First Alert and its parent company , BRK Brands , was liable for millions of dollarsin damages because the ionization technology inthe smoke alarm in the Hackert 's house wasdefective , failing to detect the slow-burningfire and choking smoke that filled the home asthe family slept.Kidde markets or owns First Alert , apparently . >> > There are better First Alert smoke alarms with both kinds of sensors : >> > First Alert SA302CN Double Sensor Battery-Powered Smoke and Fire AlarmIt is a mystery to me why they do n't drop the inferior model for the good of the public.The following quote is especially evil
 We purchased this unit because we had read it would work with our old units ' connector . That it does . However it is also supposed to set off the other alarms on the same hardwired interconnected line . It does not . It works only solo . We discovered this when we bought a set of alarms that would set off each other via a wireless connection , only to have the whole system go nuts on us when we tried connecting them both . We then tried this unit in a new location and thus realized it 's only setting itself off and not ALL our units as it should . Now back to trying to figure out what will work with our system yet again : -LRB-
 After just 3 years , my Kidde ionization smoke alarm began chirping . Same thing happened to the previous ones I owned . I replaced the battery and vacuumed it as best I could . Still keeps chirping . It is supposed to last 10 years . I will not buy this model again .
 Like many reviewers , we replaced old Kidde 1275s giving false alarms , with new Kidde i12040s since they were easy to install in the existing wiring . After about a year , one of the new units started with false alarms . Same time -LRB- 3am -RRB- , same room -LRB- bedroom -RRB- . It 's entirely possible there is some weird atmospheric condition in the room causing the false alarms . How are you supposed to figure that out ? For now , the offending unit is disconnected . It 's a small house with several other units that -LRB- so far -RRB- have not caused any trouble other than join the problem unit in the false alarm . If the others start creating false alarms , we 'll replace the entire system with another brand .
 I too had 8ea of the 1275 's -LRB- approx . 8 years old -RRB- , one of which nearly caught on fire ! The inside circuit board is burned BLACK from overheating and popping a resistor . It actually got so hot it melted the white buzzer wire to the circuit board and discolored the top of the white housing ! I emailed Kidde and got a stonewall of `` that is supposed to happen -LRB- the crispy burned circuit board -RRB- '' , `` its out of warranty '' , `` it was a power spike '' , `` its near the end of it useful life '' , etc. . When I confronted them with the fact that if the unit had encountered a power spike , why are the rest of them okay and it didnt affect anything else in the house ... at that point they simply stopped returning my emails . I am shopping for a different system to replace the Kidde CRAP , even if it means rewiring the house for a competitors system ! I am turning the detector over to the Consumer Product Safety Commission for further evaluation . Buyer Beware !
 We have a 100 year old house and were getting along fine with our battery operated smoke detectors -- And then decided , since we were having the entire upstairs rewired , maybe we should get these direct-wired detectors installed . Our electrician , who we love , used this brand and model and I HATE THEM.Within the first month , one of them started going off for absolutely no reason in the middle of the night around 1 or 2 a.m. . We made sure it was all clean , reinstalled it -- and still - every so often , it would just go off -- No reason!We started keeping notes on if we had fans going , what the weather and humidity was like , the time -LRB- always middle of the night , of course -RRB- etc. . The electrician replaced it once , and then the replacement started doing the same thing.What prompted me to write this review is that today , for the first time during a daytime hour -- the thing went off again . I was sitting in an upstairs bedroom office on my lap top . I do n't smoke -- No one else is home , the oven and stove have n't even been used yet today , it 's Wisconsin -- so the windows are closed , no fans running -- the furnace was n't on.I got it to turn off -LRB- our `` hush '' button , btw , does n't seem to work , either -RRB- and went down to check the house -- and the basement -- NOTHING -- No smoke , no problems -- on my way back up , the smoke alarm went off AGAIN -- -LRB- And remember -- when one goes off -- all of them go off -- and it is DEAFENING -RRB- -- so I turned it off a second time -- I just put the chair away when it went off again -- So -- now with a MIGRAINE and my adrenaline pumping -- I tried to pull it off the ceiling -LRB- you twist it -RRB- and it would n't go -- so I finally just grabbed the case and pulled , cutting my finger , and breaking the detector case and of course the top went flying down the stairs -LRB- further breaking it -RRB- . I have never been so happy about something being destroyed in all my life . I think I will give my seven year old a hammer to take to it out in the drive way when he gets home from school . I may burn it when he is done with it.But ... since I do n't think you can just stick a new brand in with the already existing ones -LRB- if anyone knows , comment on this and let me know ! -RRB- -- I think I have to replace the S.O.B. ... so I came on to Amazon to see what one costs ... and thought it would be good to WARN PEOPLE TO USE ANY OTHER DETECTOR BUT THIS ONE -- If you have an older home and you already have the individual battery operated dectectors and are good about changing your batteries -LRB- we used to do it on new years every day -RRB- and replacing them when they get old - STICK WITH THAT . This was probably the biggest home-related decision mistake we have ever made . I hate direct-wired detectors and since we were so good about upkeep on the other ones , I regret the decision to change tremendously ! -LRB- As of today , there are 98 reviews of this detector , and mine will be the 19th giving it one star . That 's about 20 % -- you want more than 80 % of the people using a smoke detector to be happy with their model before you buy the same , do n't you ?? -RRB-
 It 's been my experience that Kidde wired-in smoke alarms are prone to problems . One problem , chirping for no reason , happens at night , on weekends , and other times when you either can not get help or have to take off work to deal with the problem .
 I purchased 4 of these to replace detectors that were 15 years old . Worst decision ever . I HATE these things . One month after they were installed they began going off one evening . No smokers , no one cooking , etc. . They proceeded to go off 2 more times that night until we finally disconnected them . Two days later I come home from work to find the fire department at my house . The stupid things had been going off all day . The `` faulty '' detector was identified . I bought a good old fashioned battery operated one to replace it . I 'm waiting for the others to fail now . Nothing is more nerve wracking then dealing with this .
 I bought 11 of these after my 5 year old Kiddies started to give me false alarms . Definitely the worst money i have spent on any house ! Do n't buy them ! After 7 months 4 out of 11 are disconnected because they give false alarms . Number 5 is on my lap right now because it thinks it has a dead battery , yes , even after i just put a new battery in . I probably do n't need to mention that everytime they give a false alarm it is in the middle of the night . 3 kids wide awake , wifes , lets just say rather upset , and i am trying to get to sleep while high on adrenalin after running around the house trying to figure out which one is going off . I am online buying new ones right now but actually took the time to write this review , even though i have never written one before , just cause they are THAT BAD .
 These chirp and beep for no reason , you can change battery and nothing helps these are crap and I am so sorry that I purchased these they should be used for target practice at a gun range as that is all they are good for .
 Our old Kiddes were acting up , so we replaced them this these . Still having problems with battery alert alarms when the batteries are fully up to charge . Not really impressed at all .
 I 've had it with the Kidde i12040 . This is the 5th time that we 've been woken up in the middle of the night by a screaming alarm . What you must realize is that it 's not just a slightly loud sound , it 's a screeching deafening sound . It woke my neighbors up . When this happens I literally jump out of bed and run in circles . Because all of the smoke detectors are connected , they all sound and you ca n't tell which one is the problem . We 've just removed them all . The worst thing -LRB- as many of the reviewers have said -RRB- is that it has only happened in the middle of the night , between 1am-3am . This is a horrible product .
 Since we installed these smoke detectors in our new house they have gone off half a dozen times between 3 a.m. and 7 a.m. Loved it when we had company and we could not turn them off ... Finally took them all out !!!!!! Now got ta buy more ! Wish I had read the reviews before buying !!!!!
 The knife felt cheap in my hand because it 's mostly plastic . The blade did n't slide in and out smoothly , the thumbcatch bends and the tip of the blade still stuck out a bit when fully retracted unless I played with the thumbcatch . It was difficult to load new blade and it did n't seem to lock into place securely .
 No roofer 's knife here - just a lightweight craft knife that would get a higher rating from me if it did n't have a tendency to open up when you retract the blade . Almost always have to fully retract the blade then nudge it forward a bit to make sure the handle is locked - what a nuisance .
 I purchaed the BoWrench and Tongue & Groove Cam to help me install vaulted ceilings and vertical walls . I found the tool too heavy to use over head and likely to slip and fall if I did n't keep constant pressure on the handle -- even after it was locked in place .
 This thing lasted less than 2 minutes . Maybe I used it for the wrong application but in my opinion it should have been more durable than it was .
 I used this brush one time for 5 minutes and all of the bristles flew out . Not only was I pelted with a million tiny bristles , but the item was useless after 5 minutes !!!!!!!! I went to harbor freight and picked up a set of 5 various assortments of these for the same price and they have been very durable . I WOULD NOT recommend this item !!!!
 The people reviewing these wheels with 5 stars must be taking great care of them as one only lasts me about 20 minutes . Admittedly , mine is field use and there 's a high likelihood the die grinder will get knocked around , in which case the wheel will break quicker than you can blink . Compared to a 5 '' cutoff wheel in an angle grinder , this product is junk . Lasting 20 minutes instead of 2 is an improvement , but not by much .
 Each of these wore out before sharpening one chain . I found diamond replacements for half the price and they last twice as long .
 I purchased this tool hoping it would help things move faster . After 10 minuets we put it back in the box . I will return it Does not work well Mario from Yonkers
 The advertised pictures show this tool being used on joists that are not taped . If you plan on rebuilding an outdoor deck and want to last you will probably want to use deck joist tape in which case this product does not work . It just slips and tears the tape . Use an f style clamp and a flat superbar instead , it is the same concept as what Jorgenson just came out with in the Pony Board Boss . Then you can straighten anywhere along the board and not ruin your tape ! Be sure to use the deckmate spacers as well .
 Faced with replacing a 25 year old , 1500 s/f deck , the BoWrench looked liked it would be a great help ; after all , leverage is one of man 's best friends . However , it was a big disappointment . It lacks an adequate grip on the joists , and tends to slip back along the joist , just when you are at a critical point . They need to redesign the gripper jaws to really grip the joist . I 'd recommend some type of cam-like action . To keep it from slipping I found that I had to drive a screwdriver or a couple of nails behind it into the joist . The same problem occurs with the `` Adjustable '' attachment for wider joists . All-in-all I would not recommend wasting your money . A crow-bar or heavy screwdriver driven into the joist works just as well and is easy to use . Anybody want to buy a hardly used BoWrench ... cheap ?
 There was a time when American Standard used to be at the pinnacle of quality when it came to plumbing fixtures and products . Sadly , this is no longer the case . Like most American corporations quality is no longer the costly roadblock to massive profit . The faucet is manufactured in Mexico . It is made of mostly plastic material with very little brass in the faucet itself . The faucet I replaced was also an American Standard , made in the USA , and it lasted for 60 years . It weighed about 4 times as much , was solid , chrome plated brass , and could well work again if I could hunt down some small component for the cold water part of the faucet that finally wore out . I was really shocked at how cheap and flimsy its modern day predecessor felt out of the box . I truly felt ripped off and angry . I was tempted to return it but my mother had gone long enough without a fully working faucet in her laundry room . Also , with the free shipping , no sales tax , plus discount , I probably was n't going to find a better faucet for the money.That is not to say it was worth the money I spent , because it was n't . This faucet is JUNK.I installed it , and it works fine , but I honestly do n't expect it to last inside of 5 years . *** Update
 Works fine except that the kinked spout directs the water on the back of the tub . Poor quality control . No shipping damage . Factory defect . This product was purchased at Amazon.com .
 The blade pops out or comes loose often . Constantly tightening it . Cheap-o . It is very flexible so you have to cut very attentively to ensure that the cut stays straight .
 Anyone with a set of Dremel bits probably got a little tiny cup of this stuff with it . It 's good that they include it in buffing sets , but as a separate refill these are insane . When I ran out of the included cup about 15 years ago , I went to my nearest home improvement store and got a tube of it which was about 6 times larger for the same price . I still have it .
 This 1000 + tool does n't really do much because it weighs 10 lbs and is rather awkward , most of the tools are difficult to pull out and you need instructions because they are so compact and held together by a balstan ring which makes it hard to turn at angles . I took this with me to the mountain ranges of Oslo and threw it away because it was so burdensome to carry around . Suffice it to say that I eventually needed it to cut down a tree which fell upon my hut .
 The Short of it : If you only have the money for one tool , skip this one and purchase the Stanley Fatmax . It comes in two sizes , and is a much better made tool for similar money.The Long of it : The finish on the Tweaker identifies it 's `` Made in Taiwan '' construction -LRB- i.e. poor -RRB- ; and , as pointed out by others , the inner claw is too small to obtain a firm grip if you have a really stubborn board to deal with . I do like the apparent ability for this tool to be hammered into tight places for prying ; and the `` handle '' would lend itself well to extension with a piece of metal pipe for some real prying assistance.However , I am not sure of the quality of the metal , so any `` assistance '' applied as I indicated above -LRB- i.e. hammering , or using a pipe for an extended handle -RRB- is at your discretion . I find that any tool `` Made in Taiwan '' seldom stands up to ` normal ' use , let alone going above and beyond.The Bottom line : The Fatmax is able to handle thicker stock , for the heavier joists and such . It is a much more finished tool , and I would not be too worried to add a little `` assistance '' to it to get a job done.If you have the money to purchase several tools , there are some functions that this tool may perform better then the Fatmax , so go ahead and get one . I did . Nice idea , but I think I would have skipped it if I had seen it close-up before I bought it .
 Does n't work as well as it 's supposed to , and looks nothing like the photos . So go to the nearest hardware store and you 'll find the same thing for a better price .
 i used this like , 3 times for my 10lb mini poodle 's nails and then it became useless i.e. i 'd try to file her nail down but nothing would happen . i kept trying to press harder and then finally realized the sand paper was smoothed down too far to sand anything down . i 'm sticking with the larger drums that came with the dremel nail grinder . the big ones work fine anyway . no real reason to get the smaller one in my opinion , unless you have a super tiny hamster dog .
 i was tricked into buying this product because i bought it in good faith on the description but it failed to inform me of a very important fact ; i could not use the tool because the dremel i purchased was not compatible with the Australian standards .
 I had a similar pry bar for 20 years and it worked excellently . For all I know it is still working fine for the * & % # @ that stole it . I ordered the Fulton unit and used it lightly . It has a very smooth finish to the top of the head that makes hardly any mark on the wood when pulling a nail . The nail pulling slots wo n't pull anything smaller than 16d nails . My son-in-law borrowed it and broke the weld between the handle and the head . He was tearing up a bathroom floor .
 The bar is a quality made tool . However , the product I received us not the same as the picture . The flat `` blade '' end is not as wide as the one in the picture . To most it would n't be an issue , but in my line of work and what I specifically use this tool for , it is .
 This bar looks like it would be a good buy if you are going to tear down a building or even a wall . Save your money my friend . It only looks good . It is clumsly as hell to get on an old nail that sticks up about 1/2 inch . The metal used in its construction is so soft that after pulling about a dozen nails the V bar was peeled back so much it wo n't grasp the head on the nail anymore . It looks mean and strong but it is heavy , clumsly and soft . Save your money and buy an old gooseneck model made of real steel .
 The finish on the head is smooth enough to work on smoth wood without marking the wood . I had only used it lightly and was fairly satisfied except the nail pulling slots were not suitable for anything smaller than 16d . I loaned it to my son-in-law who broke the weld between the shaft and head tearing out the floor of a bathroom . I do n't know what he did to it he claims `` nothing '' .
 I ordered this tub WEEKS ago . I got a phone call saying it had shipped WEEKS ago ... no package in sight ! I have messaged Midwest General Store via email and amazon MULTIPLE times with no feedabck whatsoever to help me figure out what is going on . Not happy with them at all !!!
 these are good for about 15-20seconds of polishing each . then piff . so incredibly dissapointed with the quality . I wouldnt recommend these for anyone for anything .
 I was disappointed when I realized that this piece of plastic could be replaced by a simple jig , and was even off by a , most a full1/8 ''
 I 'm a do-it-your selfer , FrameMaster would help me in building a simple wall like a divider ect.If I needed a house built and a Framer showed up with FrameMaster I would question their ability .
 What kind of idiot would buy something like this ? Not me . If I showed up with one of these my crew would laugh me off the job site .
 this is not a production tool it does not fit studs and only does one at a time this tool is a joke .
 This Brush is not a good as the other 2 Carbon Steel Brush bits , the end is to compact for the use I wanted , i.e. polishing stones . I have no doubt it would be good for other applications .
 These are great wheels , as long as you do n't want one to last more than about two minutes . That is why I started looking around , and found a place on the web called Widgetsupply.com . There I discovered I could buy 100 of these , with two mandrels thrown in , for under six dollars . In different grits and any size , if I wanted to . I recently told my dog groomer , who was going through a pack of these per dog , using the Dremel brand . They switched immediately . I do n't see any difference , and I use them in various places in my wood shop , especially in guitar building and repair.One other little trick on the mandrels . The rubber gets hot and the drum will slip after a while on the rubber . Take it apart , and slip a miniature O-ring , -LRB- available at most hardware stores for pennies -RRB- , onto the shaft , put back on the rubber on the shaft , put on a drum , tighten the screw and it is like new . The O-ring is usually found in places like Ace or other good hardware stores .
 This item was recommended by Amazon when I purchased my Dremel Toll however it will not work with my tool , I think I was shamed into purchasing this item and will not be kind in my eval for this product . This is a trick and I 'm very pissed off about it .
 These sanding bands are great - for a little while . They just do n't last for very long and are hard to find and over priced . If you need them , you need them - just be aware of the down side .
 Disappointed in this product - it was shipped with Peticure and they do n't fit . We should have returned them .
 The replacement sand paper arrived a good week before the actual dremel . They enclosed a bit that does n't fit into the base , so it 's unusable . Of course , I was following the program of gradually acclimating my dogs to the presence of this little machine near their paws , so I did n't discover this for a while . Now I have to go through the hassle of trying to make the dremel work and re-acquantaining my dogs with it , once the right piece arrives.I am very disappointed .
 On 08/06/2008 , I purchased these sander bands at the same time I purchased the Dremel 750-02 Minimite 13,000 RPM 2 Speed 4.8-Volt Cordless Rotary Tool . However the sander bands do not fit this tool . Amazon 's Web-site did not clearly state otherwise.MCox , San Diego , CA
 This was advertised as an add on to my selection of the Pedicure Petite Nail Trimmer . However , these sanding drum sleevesDO NOT fit the mandrel of the Nail Trimmer . WAAAAAAY too small . Will return them !!
 i was tricked into buying this product because i bought it in good faith on the description but it failed to inform me of a very important fact ; i could not use the tool because the dremel i purchased was not compatible with the Australian standards .
 Back of hat does not read `` make the nail bleed '' as stated in the advertiment , but rather Dead on Tools . I was very disappointed .
 Ok i bought the hammer , thought it was cool being pro-america and labelled `` American to the bone . `` Then I got the hat and it 's MADE IN CHINA . Thats a load of crap and Dead On Tools is a bunch of sellouts . If you want to support overseas market share increase and put Americans out of a job buy this product !
 What ! $ 17 for a baseball cap - you are nuts . How poser chic . Skulls and death are so ... yesterday .
 This appears to be a case of advertizing one item but delivering a lessor item . I ordered the pictured bullfloat and the recommended handle . What was delivered was different from the picture bullfloat and the handle could not be used with the bullfloat delivered . I contacted the company they re-delivered the identical item . I have returned the first bullfloat and await instructions to return the second bullfloat and the handle that I have no use for without the pictured bullfloat . I would appreciate contact with a customer service individual that can correct this problem . I can be contacted at -LRB-910-RRB-987-7590 .
 I bought this hammer about a year ago because it looked different . It 's different allright - it wrecks your wrist after about 4 nails are driven . Horrible balance and odd-shaped handle design combine to give the user carpal-tunnel syndrome instantly . Wrist surgeons will fall in love with users of this wanna-be hatchet-hammer . Spend the extra bucks on a titanium and you 'll never be sorry .
 I should have known that a bright red hammer that features a chrome head and a name like `` Striker '' would bring nothing but trouble . First , the handle is too long , causing the the hammer to poke you in the legs when worn on a nail apron and presents a tormentious predicament if worn with shorts . I do n't even think the last 4 inches of the handle is even designed to be held anyway . Second , the hammer does little to leave a favorable impression on most seasoned construction workers . While some workers intentially bury it or try to pour concrete over it , other threaten to use it as a boat anchor . Third , the serrated blade eleviates any plans of using the hammer for finishing work . Finally , and most irritatingly , the handle was only connected by a small section of weak adheasive tape , causing the hammer to divide in halves when swung . I used the two-week-old hammer to set forms and frame part of the bottom floor of a house when the handle came apart . By that time , what had been shiny , modern looking hammer looked like a stone age artifact . Basically , I want my money back !
 I have been framing for 15 years . I paid 55 CDN for this hammer and the handle broke off at the head after 1 week . The dealer was a total jerk and said too bad we do n't warrant the handle . The problem is that the 18 '' handle provides too much leverage for the sharply tapered handle where it fits into the head . El snappo , no no more handle I bet they are out of business within the year .
 The Death Stick is peachy in the right circumstances , and the magnetic nail slot is handy every so often for 8d nails or longer . But there are drawbacks to buying it . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The handle is infamous for breaking . -LRB- I 've wrapped a rubber-gasketed pipe clamp just below the head of mine to protect the neck . -RRB- If you 're a pro you know that you use a framing hammer for a lot more than just driving nails into wood , and if the handle of your hammer breaks too often when you stress it , you get scared of it , and that 's not good . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The handle of the Death Stick is too narrow just where you want to hold it for maximum driving power . In my opinion , and I 'm no engineer , the handle should be re-shaped to more nearly conventional contours . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The pre - and post-purchase customer service from the company is sketchy to crappy . I figure if the handle of mine breaks I 'm on my own . Speaking of which , the hardware guy who sold me mine said a framing crew supervisor had been in the day before to buy three dozen replacement handles ! -LRB- 4 -RRB- The `` 19-inch handle '' -- regardless of how generously you measure it -- is no longer than 17.5 inches . I wonder why the manufacturer would lie by 8 % about something that 's so easy to check.Buy this hammer only for the fun of owning it , not because you think it 's a day-to day tool that you as a professional framer require .
 The Death Stick is peachy in the right circumstances , and the magnetic nail slot is handy every so often for 8d nails or longer . But there are drawbacks to buying it . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The handle is infamous for breaking . -LRB- I 've wrapped a rubber-gasketed pipe clamp just below the head of mine to protect the neck . -RRB- If you 're a pro you know that you use a framing hammer for a lot more than just whomping nails into wood , and if the handle of your hammer breaks too often when you stress it , you get scared of it , and that 's not good . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The handle is too narrow just where you want to hold it for maximum driving power , although the hatchet -LRB- California -RRB- shape does lock in nicely against the heel of your hand when you grip it all the way to the butt . In my opinion , and I 'm no engineer , the handle should be re-shaped to more nearly conventional contours . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The post-purchase customer service from the company is sketchy to crappy . I figure if the handle of mine breaks I 'm on my own . Speaking of which , the hardware guy who sold me mine said a framing crew supervisor had been in the day before to buy three dozen replacement handles!Buy this hammer only for the fun of owning it , not because you think it 's a day-to day tool that professional framers require .
 Well to be honest I pick this up merely on the fact it 's called the `` deathstick '' -LRB- marketing at its best eh ? -RRB- Well , 3 months in there is no longer a waffle pattern , the magnet fell out , and it did n't do a very good job of pulling nails.Go get aUS TAPE PT-2 21 Ounce Smooth Face , Axe Handle Striker Hammerand be happy .
 I bought this hammer and used it for three months before it was stolen -- thank god . At first I loved it . The swing was nice and it drove nails well , but the finish wore quickly as did the cross hatching on the face . After the three months , the face was almost as smooth as my decking hammer . The face of the hammer is also rounded more than most which is fine until the face goes smooth , then the face starts slipping off the nail unless the blow is dead on . I have more success driving nails with my Hart decking hammer and will use it until I break down and buy another Hart or Douglas framing hammer .
 In my thirty years of slam hammer renovation , I 've broken a lot of tools , but never while they we still shiny . In theory , the hatchet style handle gave added control , but the head snapped off the first time it was used to pull .
 I ordered a Death Stick and anxiously awaited its arrival . Amazon and Tool Crib did a great job delivering my order quickly . Then I took the Death Stick to work and showed it off to all the other guys on the job site . All were impressed with the magnetic nail set and balance of the hammer . That was at 7am . At 10am I was showing all the guys on the site how the handle had snapped off on the first nail I tried to pull with it . I was n't even pulling with any force . Glad I was n't up on a ladder trying to get a stubborn nail loose or it could have been quite a wreck . After looking at the handle where it snapped off -LRB- right where it goes into the head -RRB- and the opening that it fits into , it appears that the narrowness of the handle where it enters the head and the small amount of wood that actually takes all the stress would make this a common problem with this hammer . A better name for this product would be Dead Stick . Buy a Woody .
 I was so excited to get my new hammer , I thought it would be worth it , But within 3 day 's after getting it the magnet fell out of my hammer , Which was the main reason for buying it . It would be nice if someone would have a way to contact dead on tools so I could tell them how dissapointed I am after spending that kind of money ...
 I recently purchased a Death Stick from a local sales person and I find the Death Stick to be very disappointing.The magnet will not stay intact if the hammer is used to proform normal carpentry procedures.Also the material used to cast the head of the hammer is to soft and chips very easily .
 I bought this hammer because of alot of hype . I do n't really like the handle so much , it hurts my hand . The magnet is a good idea , but I have only used it a couple of times in the past 3 months . They need to find a better way to keep the magnet in there , I glued mine back in .
 While steel headed death sticks have a nice feel when you swing them , these hammers will rust without every day oiling , they wear out very quickly and I do n't recomend them to anyone . I do however recomend the high quality line of titanium death stick hammers which last a long time and ca n't rust . If a titanium hammer is out of your price range and you want a decent checkered face ripping claw hammer , your best bet is probably a 22 ounce fatmax which is made by stanley .
 IT BROKE THE FIRST TIME I USED IT.WASTE OF MY TIME & MONEY !
 I do n't know what grade of carbide was used but it did not hold up . I bought a new one at Lowe 's and it held up real well
 I purchased both the Dremel 569 and 570 carbide grout removal bits to perform what I thought would be a fairly straightforward removal of old grout from our bathtub tiling . The bits work very well for about 15 minutes -LRB- i.e. , about 7-8 linear feet of grout -RRB- and then go dull to the point that the bit refuses to cut anymore and the tip glows red hot even with slight pressure . I am now on my 14th bit and I still have about 15 feet of grout to remove . Given that these bits sell for between $ 11 and $ 15 , this is a ridiculously short bit life for what is relatively soft gypsum material ; it 's not like I 'm trying to cut through concrete or sheet metal . I 've tried every possible technique , including cooling the bit down for a minute after each foot of grout removal , but nothing extended the life of the bit by much . Moreover , although I 'm not a professional contractor , I have about three decades of experience with power tools , so I 'm pretty confident I 'm not using the bits in a manner that would be outside their performance scope . Dremel really needs to either drop the price of these bits to a couple of bucks and bundle them by the dozen , or upgrade the quality so that it actually is worth the current asking price . No one should have to pay close to $ 200 in grout removal bits for a simple , straightforward residential bathroom grouting job .
 I managed to get about 6 inches of grout removed and then the cutter was so dull it stopped cutting grout . Very dissapointing . I ended up using a $ 2 hand grout removal tool tot cut through the grout on the 5 tiles I was removing .
 Went through two of these bits . At first they do cut through the grout like a hot knife in butter , but after not even 5 minutes these things just stop cutting and simply stay in place and start to glow red hot if you try to move it . Way to costly to constantly be replacing these bits . Going to give the diamond wheel points a try instead -LRB- 7134 and 7144 -RRB- since they seem to be a bit stronger and cost less .
 Could have been made tougher . It does the job , until it breaks . And it will break sooner or later .
 i had about 7 mtrs of tiles to remove the the grout from.At first it was good but after doing half , the carbide coating wore of and i had to finish with a hand tool.Yours tulyGerald
 I bought this item today at the big orange box store to tear up a 300 sq ft deck . Within the first hour , one of the teeth on the straight edge chipped . By the end of the day , chunks were missing from all over . This item is made from poor quality steel . Furthermore , the circular saw wrench would constantly strike my thumb knuckle . Took it back to the store to get an Estwing . I took the opportunity to compare the stated manufacturing origin and material qualities when exchanging this item . The Estwing is drop forged and made in Japan . The Dead on makes no mention of forging , tempering , or hardening , and is made in China .
 Now I 'm just a basic home remodeler , but I have a pretty good idea how to use this thing . And it will get the job done , given enough time and arm strength . The paw is really not designed well . Yes the tight angle and sharp tines do dig into the wood well , but the step angle of the V between the tines has a tendency to fold the nail head up like a book . Making it just about impossible to pry the nail up . I have n't used mine that much , but I can easily see how it could break . I stated out using a standard 16oz claw hammer to drive it in with . Now that I 'm on nail probably 100 or so it looks like I 'm been pounding on it with a 6 pound sledge hammer . The striking part is extremely dented , which indicates either a soft metal or poor heat treating . I 've pounded on my pry bars much hard and much more often than this tool and they have 1/4 of the visible damage as the ExHumer does.Also the design is not stellar . If you are using the straight end to dig under a nail there is no real flat spot on the paw end to strike it with a hammer . Besides I 've switched to using a hard mallet to drive it in with anyway . If I continue with the steel hammer I 'll soon just be hammering into the main shaft of the tool.I 've never used it for the saw blade change or any of that , and I certainly would n't keep it if that 's all it was good for . And if I need something to open a drink with , I 've got a Leatherman that can easily do that and about 20 other things -LRB- all of which it does well -RRB- . It looked interesting when I bought it , but like many things the flash is n't worth it .
 This thing is junk . The orange store cat 's paws take out small and large nails . This misses the small nails.You wo n't look so cool when you ca n't get the job done . This has a real tough name and logo but is no good . Get the shark puller the other reviewer suggested .
 it started out really good and i after using it for about 6 months it it pretty much useless b/c it wore so now it will not even grab a nail head anymore .
 I did not receive the nail puller in the picture . There is a new style puller that is bigger and heavier that I am not pleased with at all .
 Four members of the framing crew I work for got this nail puller because it finished off the DeathStick hammer and bags . Everyone of these nail pullers broke in the same spot just after a few weeks . The Shark Corp 21-2028 nail puller is the ultimate . We all will never use anything else but a Shark .
 My husband thought this would be cool as heck to have with the features and finally tracked one down . 5 nails into using it for the first time one claw snapped clean off . Biggest waste of hard earned money ever not to mention costing him down time on the job . Did n't even scratch the paint on the hammer part and its worthless . Thanks a bundle for producing a HUGE P.O.S. product . He 's going back to the inexpensive yet reliable Vaughn .
 Its tiny ... unusable for practical carpentry . We use it as a saw wrench . Dont let them fool you too !
 In my opinion this hammer is trying too hard to be unique and not hard enough to compete . Yet another `` California Style '' knock off , the Banana has mostly barrowed features.The plastic handle though unique in some details , is uncomfortable and heavy.I would not recomend this tool to professionals .
 I have the 12 oz leather handle rip claw hammer I had for several years and decided to purchase the 16 oz hammer and well when it arrived it looked good but I noticed that the thing felt no heavier than my 12 oz and after weighing it on a set of good scales it was only 1.6 oz heavier than the 12 oz hammer just the handle a little longer and after contacting Estwing they do n't want to do anything so if you are in the market for one do n't expect it to be 4 oz heavier like it should and Estwing does not really give a hoot .
 I needed to trim a broken floor tile with a curved cut on it . Upon receiving this item for my dremel , it pretty clearly said -LRB- NOT FOR FLOOR TILES -RRB- . Awesome . Wish I knew that before I ordered it . I used it anyhow on the ceramic floor tile ; Not surprisingly , It did n't cut .
 I purchased this cutting bits for my bathroom remodeling because the project required curved lines and irregular shapes to be cut . I attached this particular bits to a ` Dramel variable speed ' and used them to cut several half-inch backerboards . Each of the bit seemed to perform as expected within the first 15 feet of cutting . After that the bits became dull and did not cut as fast . I also had to watch the equipment because it could get real warm . I also made an attempt to cut 3/8 inch ceramic wall tile and 3/8 inch marble tile . They do n't perform well at all . I ended up buying a rod saw -LRB- it was a hand saw -RRB- with Tungsten carbide grit edge blade to do the job -LRB- slow . . real slow , but they did cut nicely after I had some practice -RRB- . One other thing , I burned one of the bit when I tried to cut a hole and had to drill through one of the beckerboard .
 The bit grinds rather than cuts . Cutting a 3 '' notch in a piece of porcelin tile took about 30 minutes . Very tedious . I would think there are better alternatives .
 DANGER ! I bought this to use with my Dremel to clean my golf clubs at the end of the season . It does work for cleaning , but it 's like a brass bristle machine gun ! The second I touched it to my first club , I took a bristle about 1cm from my eye , which scared me enough to dig out the safety glasses . The glasses helped but I was constantly feeling bristles bounce off my cheeks and arms . It just ended up not being worth it and I switched to a regular brush and towel .
 I agree with the others that this simply sheds its skin in a matter of seconds . I tried it on a low RPM and at a higher RPM and it sends metal shards hurdling at your face on both settings . In case you were wondering , ALWAYS wear protective gear . I do need this for polishing certain things , and it does do its job . But I now keep two on hand when working on a project .
 Watch Out !! Not a 8-pack as advertised . I only received 1 so I called DS Homesolutions ... they went through a long song and dance about it being Amazon 's fault -LRB- which I do n't care who 's fault it is -RRB- , then finally agreed to issue me a full refund . We 'll see if I get the refund , or if I have to initiate a chargeback . Either way there 's no excuse for this.Still no refund !! Do not purchase anything from this seller as they will tell you one thing then do another!I ca n't understand why it 's still listed as a 8 pack since Amazon and the seller have been notified weeks ago .
 the screww that holds these wheels on with are not protected when cutting . the screw doesnt last but a few seconds . I gave up on this wheel , they have better cutting wheels now .
 The cutting discs could not be held fast by the screw at the top of the mandrel/shaft ; I have never found any of the diamond cutting-wheels I 've obtained elsewhere to have this problem.These are usable only sfter my having expanded their central holds for use on a working mandrel .
 I got this to use as a GP bit , as it is sold , and have tried it on wood and plastic . In both instances it did not cut very well when trying to move through the materials , vibrated excessively , and jumped around quite a bit . I would not buy another until I figured out if this one was broke or I was using it improperly , and it could be operator error as of now . I would say to buy with caution , do n't have to high of expectations . Also , for the price its almost not worth it to send it back to Amazon . Would not buy as gift .
 I 've used this on several different kinds of matterial , including pine -LRB- which if you 've never worked with it , It is extrodinarily soft -RRB- . I tried to do a plunge cut and had to turn off the tool and rush water to the scene because the wood stared smoking ! once I got it through it made the most horrible screaching noise ! In the end I gave up using it and bought the XPR Multisaw .
 Broke half way into 2nd hole . I would not recomend this product to anyone . Could not handle 3/4 MDF . I used a generic competitor from Wally World and am still using it 6 holes later .
 I really had a difficult time controlling this bit , and probably only used it twice . Even at low speeds I just could n't get it to do what I needed . I have to admit that I am not a Dremel master by any stretch . Good news is that the part is tough and sharp . Someone with more experience could most likely use it effectively . I did have great luck with Dremel 114 High Speed Cutter , also here on Amazon .
 I used this bit in my basement remodel to cut a hole in my air ducts to add more lines . The bit broke after cutting two holes .
 Must be made in China . Not even near as good as Dremel brand products . Do not use unless you ware real good protective glasses
 Like Mr Carr I had significant handle problems with this hammer . See my comment on his review . Just posting my own review to get my vote in on my experience with the quality of this product.Beware .
 i really liked this hammer ... until i tryed to pull a stubborn nail . crack ! the head separated from the handle . tryed fixing it with wedges and epoxy but it was toast . i had the same thing happen with the stanley fat max look alike.as a professional carpenter , the value of a good hammer is tenfold . i have given up on wood handled hammers and have found the perfect hammer in the stanley anti-vibe with solid steel shaft . about the same price as the estwing , but better ergonomics.the only wood handle i would be willing to try is the hart . but until i lose my anti-vibe , i wont be trying another .
 I am remodeling my basement and a have lot of dry wall to cut . Using this bit seemed like a great idea at first but after having used it a few times I quit and went back to my dry wall saw . The bit had a tendency to wander and produce very inaccurate cuts . The accuracy of my cut outs is far superior with my hand held saw and quicker I might add .
 Nice quality and color matches my other kohler fixtures , but no where does it inlude or say what it works with . After purchasing this , i had to return it because it does not work with the ez connect garbage disposal system and is intended primarily for the insinkerator or three prong system .
 Being that this is made by Kohler , I thought the finish would have lasted a lifetime . Here it is 2 months later , and it 's already chipped on me . Kind of frustrating.Otherwise , works as expected and it 's very nice looking . Just make sure to not hit it with anything .
 You do n't need this item at all for your waste king 1hp , they said is better but you do n't need it , besides you will need an extended sink flange . That is not included in your waste king disposer . So in my case I only threw my good dllrs . away .
 I purchased this part , as I was erroneously led to believe that it was needed / could be used with the King 1hp Garbage Disposal . However , when my plumber installed both my new Kohler Kitchen sink today -LRB- 05 Aug 2011 -RRB- and my King 1hp Garbage Disposal , he could n't use this Kohler part , as to do so , would have required an extended sink flange , that is not provided with the King Disposal . Thus , those purchasing a King Garbage Disposal , should be aware of this , and also that the King 1hp disposal already comes with everything that is needed for it 's installation with a Kohler Kitchen Sink . I did try to keep the top cover of this Kohler part as I would like using it to cover the entrance into the King Disposal , instead of the plastic cover supplied with the King Disposal , but after checking , even this does not properly fit , so I am returning this entire purchase of the Kohler Disposal K-11352-CP back to Amazon for a refund ; and , overall , my purchase of this Kohler K-11352-CP Disposal Flange , has been a complete waste of time and money .
 Having read the other reviews here , I am very leery about this particular product -- and vendor . It if comes sealed in a Dremel package , fine , but if not , this is bootleg and of bootleg quality .
 I bought the real deal at Home Depot to cut some duct work . Not to plunge cut , I used a drill bit to cut 4 holes at the corners , then tried to use the 9901 to laterally cut across the plenum for the duct work . Its a joke . Does n't work , chatters , smokes , and just wont cut worth a darn . I really wanted it to cut a circle duct hole in the sheet metal plenum of the furnace , but decided to try it on a rectangle one first and was greatly disappointed . So not even the official dremel 9901 works for sheet metal as they claim on the packaging . I think the one review here is an accurate one for this tool when they say it worked great for carving a pumpkin . I believe that it what it is good for .
 I got this bit to cut/route some simple shapes for a bracket from a piece of 18 gauge sheet metal . It says it will cut through hardened steel etc. but it is not good for that at all . It will only be effective with very thin or soft metals . If it has such a difficult time with plain sheet metal I ca n't see how it could work at all for hardened steel . It will NOT work with a drill press as one reviewer suggests as it has no point and is not made to plunge . It needs to cut from an edge or through a drilled hole . Also it is a 1/8 shank so it did not fit my new trio model though I expect there may be an adapter available my local store did not carry one . It would probably be OK cutting through thin or soft metal . In comparison an EZ 406 cutoff wheel was not great but several times better at cutting the same metal than this bit . I am actually changing the material to some .063 inch 6061 aluminum to see if either of my dremel tools will cut well enough with the softer metal . So just do n't expect this to cut through any hard or thick metal , it is for light duty only .
 I have Dremel 9901 cutters , and they come in sealed , super light-weight , blister packed Dremel packaging when you buy them anywhere on the planet . The cutting surfaces on the genuine bits are .122 inches in diameter.I ordered a Dremel 9901 tungsten carbide cutter -LRB- advertised as `` Dremel 9901 Tungsten Carbide Cutter by Dremel '' -RRB- . I received two loose bits in an envelope -LRB- no Dremel packaging -RRB- , and one 's cutting surface ranged from .095 to .096 inches in diameter while the other ranged from .088 to .091 inches in diameter . I also have no idea what these cutters are made out of since they are n't in manufacturer 's packaging.I contacted the seller and received this response
 I got this to cut through 12 gauge steel . It only made a dent in the steel before it broke . It also `` chattered '' which is probably due to the coarse cutting grooves . I switched to a cheap diamond cutter and although it was slow , it did the job .
 Whatever these are , they are NOT Dremel 9901s . They mic out at 3/32 '' at the cutting head , whereas 9901s are 1/8 '' from shaft to head . Additionally , 1 of the 3 I ordered has burn marks on the metal , indicating it may have lost its temper . Finally , they do not arrive in Dremel packaging . They come in a plastic baggie with a sticky label on it.If you are surface scrolling , these might work fine for you . If you are slotting , you will NOT achieve the size slot you need with these !
 i purchased the stake puller primarily for wood stakes . the concept of the puller is OK but the performance is useless for anything you cant pull out by hitting side to side and pulling out by hand . the jaws for the stakes are to short and the peg just slips off when you apply pressure . if the jaws were at lease an 1.5 '' long the tool would probably work better . it does n't seam like there was much product testing when it was designed.bottom line if your pulling wood pegs 2 ' or more in the ground do n't waste your money unless you plan on modifying the puller .
 I have had a construction company for 15 years we needed some new placers to work concrete . I orderd the tool and found it to be very light and easy to handle . but after 2 uses the blade is already bent and had to be fixed by HAND . It 's too bad that a tool with a lot of promise has to have one part made so well and the other made so -LSB- poorly -RSB- that you ca n't use the tool !
 Red Lion did not return my email regarding a fix for the noise problem . The ultra high noise level on this chain drive and cast iron gear could literally revive the dead . Ear protection is required . The housing enclosing the chain and steel sprocket is made of thin sheet metal that flexes and vibrates quite a bit during operation causing the chain to disengage many times during the middle of a pouring . It would have been a disaster would it not for me to disassemble and reinstall the chain very quickly out of necessity.The handle could be stronger . During one operation the handle flexed so much that the stop plate did not engage causing the concrete to dump to the ground instead of into the wheelbarrow . Loosing a load of concrete is no big deal but the thought of loosing control of this thing where the stop plat acts like a guillotine whereby the thought of loosing some fingers or a hand frightens me . Both hands on the handle no matter what.This mixer needed to be raised about 4 '' off the ground so that it could clear the wheelbarrow for dumping.It could do only about 1.5 cubic feet of concrete per dump . That limits me to a pour of about 60 sq. ft. by 3.5 '' thick pad - YMMV . A working capacity of 2 to 2.5 cubic feet per dump would be nicer.Since I only have a station wagon for now , moving this mixer from job site to job site is not graceful without a truck or a van.I 've poured about 20 yards with this mixer so far but the noise and the gear jumping out of the sprocket have been a pain . If I had to do it all over again , I would look at the Minuteman Multimixer which has a larger capacity , stronger motor and could be taken apart in three pieces and be fitted into a car for about the same price.In all fairness I did get my money 's worth many times over with this mixer relative to the projects completed . When I have the time , I will change it to a belt drive and weld a reinforcing piece to the handle . Still waiting a reply from Red Lion - not holding my breath .
 After mixing about one yard of cement , the drum stopped turning . There was a flaw in the yolk . The store I bought it from gave me a new one . Now after mixing about six more yards , the drum stopped again because of the yolk . I also think the handle should be stronger . There should be a switch to turn the mixer on and off , rather than unplugging the cord . The bolt that holds the drum to the yolk should have a roll pin to take the pressure off the threads . I had to do that after mixing about three yards .
 The Mixer came poorly packed . The box that contained the motor was light-weight and packed with many parts with sharp edges . As a result , the power cord was cut and needed to be replaced . After about two hours of assembly I found that the drum would bind up as it would rotate . I contacted customer service at Red Lion and found that the cast iron part of the drum had a casting flaw and was out of round . They transfered me to a supervisors voice mail and I left a message . As of today I have not received a return call and I have a 200 pound piece of junk in the garage . If you want to avoid a hassel I suggest you choose a different brand .
 There is a flaw in the yolk.The stud that holds the drum to the yolk has worn out the hole because there should be bearings on each side of the stud . Now the mixer no longer works.When metal rubs against metal it usually wears away . So I guess that 's $ 325.00 down the drain.I rate this item as a piece of junk .
 I 'm looking for a CEMENT MIXER , not a mix master or other kitchen appliance .
 Unbelievable ! Pay $ 25 PER BLADE and when we go to put them to use on our NEW METAL ROOF they chewed the edge , barely cut and scraped the paint off on our first cut !! Ended up using hand cutters for the rest of the project . VERY DISAPPOINTED !!
 I definitely did n't have the same good results as BobS did with the Malco snips . These snips work on the same principle as fiber cement electric shears . Two bottom forks support the work during cutting while a center cutting knife shears the fiber cement . The electric shears are efficient and yield good results because the bottom forks are wide enough to support the board and the center cutting knife has a close tolerance fit between the forks . This is not the case in Malco shears and the quality of cut suffers . The top surface of the board has a fairly clean cut while the backside of the board is badly crumpled . The problem with the Malco shears is that the bottom forks are made from narrow pieces are steel that have a nasty tenedencey to dig into the backside of the board . The Malco shears center knife has a huge gap between the center cutting knife and bottom support forks . Consequently this portion of the board is not adequately supported during cutting . With these two features , you end up with a crumbled cut on the backside of the board . If this does n't bother you , than these snips will work for you . I personally will pass on the Malco snips .
 Crushes siding but works for some cuts . Jig saw with carbide works better for most cuts .
 I hate this thing . It 's over priced and flimsy at best during use . Avoid it . I have found the cheaper Chinese diamond engraving bits to be 10 times better .
 This bit is advertised to cut all sorts of metals including hardened steel . It is horrible . I tried cutting 18 gauge sheet metal and it did not work well at all . I then tried cutting .063 inch 6016 aluminum , again it did not cut well at all . It is a 1/8 inch shank bit like the other carbide metal cutting bits by Dremel so it wo n't fit in the dremel trio which would help make routing more stable but the trio uses 3/16 shanks and runs at slower speeds so it is not fast enough to use this bit even were one to make it fit -LRB- no accessory is made to do this -RRB- and the higher speed tools will not allow for stable cutting . It is shockingly horrible that they are unable to produce a bit that will cut aluminum well . I had to use one of the EZ406 cutting wheels which does do a decent job of cutting the same piece of aluminum and that is a decent product . It is not designed to cut the curves so it needs to be followed by a file or something to smooth the cut , but though meant to be a cutoff wheel it does a far better job as a router than this bit that is meant to do so . This bit may work with very thin metal but I have not had any success with cutting steel or aluminum at all yet so even that is only speculation .
 Black and white picture does not reveal that they are all the same color
 I was hoping that this will help me shape a ceramic tile after it has been snipped , but it did n't . In fact it would n't make a dent in the tile . I am not sure what the manufacturer meant by cutter , but this thing does n't cut/sand down anything .
 Dremel needs to go back to the drawing board with these things . I broke a co-workers tip engraving a brass punch so I had to replace it . This is the only reason why I even considered purchasing this worthless thing . I had to order it because no one around was willing to stock these worthless things .
 These might be alright for AL or Brass but for steel you are wasting your time and money . For Al and Plastic ok but they give and you will not end up with a straight bore . I still have n't found the right tools for small bores but these are not it . One of them even bent the first time I used it and I was not taking a big cut . JUNK !!!
 I purchased 2 lamps at the same time and were both delivered in the same packing box . both lamps were ontop of the light bulbs that go inside that rocks . They were both crushed . Then only one lamp worked . The second lamp gave me problems with fitting a certain size bulb , and the on/off switch is completely borken . Not able to turn on or off , button just popped right out of cord . I am very unhapp about this purchase ! It could have been packaged better for the prices you charge for shipping . Meanwhile I pruchased 2 lamps and I only have 1 that works .
 This lamp is put together terribly , the wires were loose at the bottom connector and the bulb burnt out after a week , very cheaply made .
 The drill was supposed to come with four drill bits , but only came with two . It looked as if the tool had been rewrapped . The drill came from another company and took about four weeks for delivery . I will not order another tool if I know it is coming from this other company .
 Brushes were the corect # seller listed for my Dremel Moto-Tool 380-6 , but slightly too large . No response from seller when I emailed them . Was able to use by filing them down , but not correct .
 I ordered the drill thinking it would come with 8 drill points , as was indicated in the advertisement . When it arrived it only had 3 . It was obvious that the drill had been removed from the package and 5 drill points were removed . The drill was replaced in the package and the written description of the contents had been marked out with a permanent marker . I was able to remove the marker with solvent to see what had been marked out . I returned the drill with the above explanation and ordered another one . Another one was sent again missing 5 of the 8 drill points . I returned th more recent one for a full refund .
 I purchased this tool and also found it came with 3 bits , two of which were the same size . Exhaustive searching has located no bits -LRB- beyond the two sizes already with the bit -RRB- . The ad should clearly state what bits actually come with the tool . As it is I now have a overpriced discontinued `` antique '' tool that can only be sold to another sucker . A search did turn up a modern reincarnation of the Stanley pushdrill made by Lara .
 This english made plane is no better than the $ 12 Indian made planes . Some of the Indian planes have hardwood handles , the Stanley has plastic handles -LRB- which are probably better -RRB- which are not estetic . Both planes can be tuned to do a good job on softwood .
 I decided to use the carbide grinding stone to help remove spurs from wood i was working on . The actual carbide grinding stone separated from the metal piece 3 times no matter how deep i had the bit set into the dremel . The company dremel was great about sending replacements at no cost however i was not expecting to have such an issue with the piece separating . Maybe they should make the whole piece out of the carbide or i should stick with using it for only etching glass etc. .
 This plane really is terrible . Plastic handles , poor machining . It feels cheap . For the money one should have little problem finding an older , nicer # 4 elsewhere . That 's what I did . Shortly after getting this plane and truing it up , I was disgusted by the amount of time I put into it for something so cheaply made . So I bought a nice vintage model Stanley Bailey online and it is fantastic .
 I have a real problem with the overall machining on this . The sides and bottom are very roughly machined . The sole is so far from being flat - I have spent a couple hours lapping the bottom and I still have n't gotten to the lowest depressions . This makes me wonder if the sole will be 90 degrees to the sides when I 'm done . Stanley seems to be trying to compete with the -LRB- junky -RRB- l ow-price Chinese and Indian planes , rather than be a mid-price alternative to the $ 250 + Lie-Nielsens and Veritas . I would have preferred to pay in the $ 80-100 range for a decent plane than $ 40 for this beast . I 've since gotten a few old Stanley planes at the internet auction site , and they have been of much better quality and needed less tuning than this . And that 's all I have to say about that .
 Save your money on the plane tune up books and buy a decent tool . This piece of garbage is not worthy of the stanley name . They used to make fine tools -LRB- pre WWII -RRB- , but now sell unusably poor scrap that is a disgrace to their heritage . The castings are hopeless , and the blades are worse . No amount of filing or sanding will eliminate the chatter marks because the blades are too thin . The blade alloy will not hold an edge and chips with the slightest use . The plastic knob and tote are deplorable . The blade adjuster has more slop than a hog farm . Lie-Nielsen makes the finest planes on the market , and if you want a satisfactory plane , you 'll buy one there .
 After 6 hours of work and 20 sheets of wet/dry sandpaper I am still trying to get the sole flat n smooth . The initial grindingis so rough u could use it as a rasp . It may be a fine tool -LRB- I havent used it yet -RRB- but it takes a lot of hand lapping to get it ready
 If you want to by a poor excuse of a plane like I did then help yourself . You 'll be sorry and do n't say you have n't been warned !!
 This design does n't work , when it 's dark , the light comes on automatically . However , the Pooh cover reflects the bulb light back to the sensor and the light flickers . The night-light works perfectly without the Pooh cover . The design is defective . It only looks good .
 Our Pooh Night Light flickers and is very tempermental . Most times it comes on even when its still light out and when it does it flickers so much that my toddler asked for me to get rid of it .
 This is a super cute nightlight , and it worked just fine til one day I needed to unplug it for some reason ... I plugged it back in ... and it has n't worked since . I tried replacing the bulb ... and nada . It 's cute , but that 's about it .
 I bought this product thinking it was for Master Mechanic model 375 type 3 , but it was n't . They sent me one that does n't even work because it 's for different models . This is false advertising , DO N'T BUY IT . Do n't buy Hobbytoolsupply products . I emailed someone and they still have n't changed their description . The wrong brushes they gave me were the ones you can buy almost anywhere . That is why I bought them online because I thought they were different , but apparently not .
 I bought this drill by mail without having seen or tried one . I chose it solely based on my respect for Stanley 's traditional reputation for quality , which is very high . I expected it to be useful , with the proper bit , for every precision drilling job in any substrate - soft and hard woods , plastics , aircraft aluminum , mild and stainless steels , fine and sterling silver.It 's been a great disappointment.The component parts fit together so sloppily that it 's not possible to drill a hole with precision at all . Rocking the driven shaft back and forth in its socket -LRB- from which it can not be removed -RRB- , the tip of an ordinary bit moves through an arc of five degrees or so . Nor does there appear to be any way to adjust it to take up that slack.It might have been manufactured for rough-carpentry work , where speed is important and close is good enough . But no rough-in carpenter in her/his right mind would want to use this kind of drill for that - they 'd use electric or at the very least a traditional ` C ' brace.I 'd strongly suggest that anyone looking for Stanley quality in a precision hand drill avoid this product like plague .
 While my old Honeywell lasted some 30 years with the tabs still holding.This new one has super thin plastic tab rings that broke off when access cover was removed.I guess I could tape the cover back on , my wife will love that !
 I bought one of these for a simple 2 wire setup -LRB- R and W wires -RRB- . From the manual it looks like you can use it for that . The first one I installed did not work and the customer service person asked me about my setup , we checked that the wiring setup I had was good -LRB- touch red to white to make sure it goes on -RRB- , but it did not work , so they told me it was defective . I went to get another one , and same thing . The think is , if you look at how it 's made , it looks like they have connected the wrong posts -- the metal connector that works when you touch the wire to it is not attached to the W wire screw . I tried a different thermostat and it worked fine . So either both of the these CT31A thermostats I bought were defective , or the thermostat was mis-manufactured with a flawed design , or it 's not designed to work with a 2 wire setup -LRB- though the manual does not say so -RRB- . Would love to hear from Honeywell what the issue is with this thermostat .
 Milwaukee could have done a lot better with this case . I have the 6148-30 4 1/2 in grinder and it just did n't fit . The power cord was one of the culprits and I was n't comfortable bending it as far as it had to go to get the case closed , also the grinder was just too big . Which brings me to my second complaint . The case did n't stay closed . Because it was such a tight fit , the tabs would pop back open . If you have a Milwaukee 4 1/2 inch grinder do yourself a favor and look into the 48-55-9082 case . It 's a few bucks more but it 's metal first of all instead of molded plastic and the grinder fits great !
 According to the Amazon.com Product Description , the Milwaukee 48-55-0886 case `` is designed specifically to fit all Milwaukee 4-1/2 - inch and 5-inch grinders '' . This claim needs to be changed to say that it is designed to fit some Milwaukee 4-1/2 grinders since the Milwaukee 6122-30 is too long to fit in the case even with no disk or guard installed . It would be helpful for Milwaukee to provide the grinder model numbers that do fit in the case.I assumed that Amazon and Milwaukee know what they are talking about and went ahead with my order for the case . I did this with the knowledge that Amazon is very good with returns of items not matching their description . This has proven true ; thanks Amazon.If anyone knows of a case that fits the Milwaukee 6122-30 grinder , please comment on this review .
 I bought a bare tool M18 4 1/2 inch cordless grinder , and wanted a case . The Amazon description for this case is vague and suggests that the case fits all Milwaukee 4 1/2 inch disc grinders . Well , it does n't fit the M18 -- too small . I called Milwaukee Customer Service and they confirmed this ; Milwaukee does n't make a plastic case for the M18 tool of this type . You have to get a `` Contractor 's Bag '' for storage if that works for you . I think I 'll just store it in something else .
 This is the only case that Milwaukee offers for their 4 1/2 '' grinders . It does oes not fit my 6140-30 4 1/2 '' grinder . I had to modify the case to make my grinder fit in it . I expected better from Milwaukee .
 I found out too late the carrying case does not fit the magnum . This `` failure to fit '' information came from another Internet based supplier . Then I spotted the customer review at amazon who apparently had the same problem . He is correct `` Not Cool Amazon '' .
 I was very disappointed in this case . The 12 amp 4-1/2 '' grinder wo n't even fit with the cord attached . Nothing to keep the tool from flopping around inside . I saw the case that was included with the 4-1/2 '' 8 amp grinder , and it showed a bracket for the tool and a quick reference guide for disc selection.Come-on Milwaukee ; you built the tool well , surely you can put together a case that 's matched to the tool . Especially for $ 34.50 . VERY DISAPPOINTED !!
 I purchased a steel carrying case for my Milwaukee drill a year ago and was quite pleased with it . It had a foam-cushioned bracket inside that cradled the drill , and also included a tray that was able to hold bits and accessories . I decided to purchase a case for my Milwaukee grinder as well , so I purchased this item . Unfortunately , the features of Milwaukee 's drill case were not carried over into this one . This case is empty ... no bracket to keep the grinder from sliding around inside and no accessory tray . For half the price , I could 've bought a small Craftsman tool box that 's twice the size AND includes the tray . This is much too expensive to simply be an 'em pty box ' .
 This is allegedly a Stanley hammer but do n't be fooled by the picture . The one I received was a cheap copy made in Mexico . It had a cast , not forged head that was held on the handle with epoxy . The head was not straight or perpendicular to the handle , and it was a grey painted head with a paper label varnished on . The handle was painted black and had a paper label glued on . It made me ill to think that this is being passed off as a real Stanley hammer . I sent it back immediately and will never order another Stanley tool from Amazon .
 I bought this for an inexpensive 16-ounce hammer to use on some finish work I was doing on a house . However , the head of the hammer is painted black and the paint rubs off easily , which makes this a poor choice for finish work . I would n't recommend this unless you are only planning on using it for projects where appearance wo n't be important - and even then , a 20-ounce hammer might be better for those types of projects .
 I have not been able to get the zwave signal to travel 30 feet from an outside zwave outlet to this outlet , the range on this product is terrible .
 I had trouble to configure it at first , intermatic support was bad . Do not report status if switched manually , kind of big and get warm so probably use much more power than the Leviton . Leviton unit report instant status , are smaller and does not get warm . Spend the $ 30 bucks difference on Leviton and spare time and money on the long run ...
 If you 're not an expert in Zwave technology , you may think you 're buying a remote control AND an outlet , like hundreds of others on the market . Not so ... This one has no controller with it , you have to buy one separately for around $ 50 . If you already have the appropriate remote carry on -- but if you were planning to hook this up to a ZWave remote that learns from other remotes , as I was , you 're screwed . There is no remote . To be fair , in the fine print , it does not say that a remote is included , but to me , that would be like selling a car without a spare tire -- people 's expectations are set by the existing market .
 Do n't waste your money on this set ... complete garbage ! The holes were filled in on 3 of the 7 bits rendering them useless for the purpose for which they were designed . I ended up tossing the complete set in the trash ... I know junk when I see it . Save your money and look for a higher quality set . I did give one star for the super fast shipping ...
 Worthless junk . The holes in the center of the bits are too small for thepin in a standard security screw .
 Torx driver was security type . There was as designed - suppose to be a security hole in the center andall center holes were cast off center making them no good.I notified Amazon . Amazon notified the shipper/supplier . My account was credited for the expense all within minutes.I am still with out the needed order but I am satisfied with the way I was handled with the wholeexperienceThank YouMilton
 The driver heads stripped and fell apart within the first 2 minutes of use , and also destroyed the screw heads . Do n't buy .
 Wish I had paid more attention to the prevous review ! Thought O.K. it can be adjusted . That 's good . ... But not when it is so badly out of alignment that adjustment parameters -LRB- which are very hard to access -RRB- ca n't do it . It took several hours and some custom work to get this unit into alignment . DO N'T buy unless you like frustration .
 Nice hobby saw for ocasional use . I 've used mine almost every day for close to 2 years . That was to much for it . Bearings seized up so a throw away item now . While it was running it did an ok job . I especially liked the lightweight . Will go with another brand and pay a higher price .
 Out of the box , the ripfence fell apart . Amazon was GREAT about replacing it , even though several months had gone by since we purchased it . Delta could n't help - the part was on backorder for 2-3 months , maybe indefinitely . When I pointed out that so many people would not have requested replacements if this part had been designed properly , the customer service rep admitted that this table saw is not one of their better products and it will be discontinued shortly . He stated that the product 's performance was hurting Delta 's reputation , and it 's not meant for commercial use . We used the Shopmaster to cut redwood boards for a small terrace and it worked fine . But it 's just a matter of time before something else breaks , and then Delta wo n't have any replacement parts in stock .
 The Dewalt DW5351 for sale on other web sites show an sds-plus adaptor only . There is no chuck included in the price or description . Actually this description says adaptor with no mention of a chuck .
 The image is wrong ! It 's showing SPLINE adapter not SDS!DEWALT DW5351 SDS Plus to 1/2-Inch Chuck Adapter
 Having been around shop machinery all my life -LRB- 65 years -RRB- I knew I was in trouble when I uncrated this thing . China makes weird looking motors . They do n't look like American , Japanese , or Taiwanese motors . They are not NEMA motors . They look like Chinese motors and act like Chinese motors and are very often troublesome . As was this one.It burned up as soon as I plugged it in.Amazon is taking it back and I do want a replacement just to see what the rest of the machine is about . If the spindle runs true and it makes nice holes and the motor does n't burn up I will come back and write another review . Until then ... . watch out ! It is risky
 Three months of the use and a conversation with service center representative . `` When will my drill press be fixed ? '' `` Not earlier than 3 weeks . '' `` Why it takes so long ! '' `` We ordered PARTS ; motor , chuck and post `` This is for you Delta . When customer service confesses that there is quality control problem , then you have grim picture . It is not about this drill press , I have FOUR returned Delta products . They really live on reputation of Unisaw , do n't they .
 I 've had problems with a leaf blower from this company and you can forget customer service . From the start of the conversation the woman refused to be of any assistance since my warranty had expired . They just want you to buy a new blower . The rude tech would not help me troubleshoot or offer any type of guidance on getting this machine to work and did n't acknowledge that the model had this problem and she refused to allow me to speak to someone else . I have NEVER been treated so rudely and disrespectfully by a company that I had patronized . DO N'T buy from Weed Eater or any associated brand -LRB- Poulan , Cub Cadet , McCullouch -RRB- .
 I bought this blower solely on the Weed Eater brand name . It had about the same specs as my old one of a different brand -LRB- which I could no longer find -RRB- . The new one is louder , has more vibration , and less intensity than the old one . Those characteristics were observed independently by my wife and myself . Try another brand .
 I bought this item and immediately after the warranty expired , 2 years , the plastic developed two holes in the side of the plastic housing . The holes allow debris to exit and this debris can injur someone that is NOT wearing gloves.The unit was sucking up leaves when this ocurred.Sincerely
 I bought this based on the other reviews and I am disappointed in the power of this . The mulching is slow and not worth the effort . I will be looking to get a gas one with more power and will give this to my son to play with as a toy .
 I only rated this a 1 star because it wouldnt let me give it a 0 star rating . Did what it is advertised to do for about 7 1/2 minutes . Then it just shut off ! Wont restart at all . I thought the plug came out of the wall ? Checked my breaker ? Nope just wont do anything . While it did work , the `` so-called '' collection bag blew so much dust and debris around that I had to re-wash my car . Went to empty what little there was in the bag and the zipper broke ! Switching from blower to vaccuuming is the biggest pain I have ever dealt with . You have to have a flat blade screw driver or knife to flip an almost inaccessable latch . Then wrestle with a spring-loaded gaurd just to put on the Vac attachment . Then you have to fight the thing just to put it back into blower mode . JUNK ! Poorly designed , not user friendly , worthless quality , and it only worked for about 7 minutes !!!!!! I debated for a bit at our local store between this and a Poulan for about 24 bucks more . Should have gone with the other one .
 My previous blower/vacs were a B&D ; and a Toro and wore them each out after about 5 years . I use this to clean my woodshop and backyard . After 10 minutes , my hands started feeling numb due to the heavy vibration -- that ca n't be good for the joints and tendons . I could run my other blowers for a half hour with no problems . I thought WeedEater was a good name brand -- guess not.Noise
 i put a micrometer to this case and its not 20 gaugeits 12 gaugethe steel is now thinner and has become veryvery flimseyi also own the original case this one is to replace and it is farsuperior to this casesorry to say but milwaukee now cares more about profits than qualityif your smart you will get one of the originals off ebay cause this case isnow a piece of crap and not even worth 1/4 the price they are askingfor it
 I bought the exact product from I BELIEVE the same manufacturer about 7 years ago . It was great . I just purchased and received this item as I need to replace some I damaged after many years of use . Now the material was about 30 % thinner . I could not wait to write this negative review as I decided NOT to return them . They packaging was bad , somewhat damaged in shipping , and they even put this paper ID label on the back ID ` ing the product but it was not put on straight and it showed when installed . S I spent a long time stripping of paper/glue so it did not show white on a brown weatherstrip . All in all , I could not be more dissatisfied . If I had not bought their earlier models I might not have know . As far as how these work ? Not as good since the material is now so thin it does not work as well as the thicker models and they do not seal as well as the older ones , thus air may leak . For $ 20 I ca n't believe they ca n't return to the original thickness/quality . Finally - I am not 100 % sure this is the same manufacturer , but I am very confident it is . They look the same .
 The National Mfg. 142067 hinge is described in the catalog and on its packaging as a removable pin hinge . It 's not . Someone screwed up . It 's a fixed pin . I bought and returned three pairs of them . I destroyed one trying to remove the pin . At the hardware store the owner destroyed another one . I phoned Stanley -LRB- they own National -RRB- and they read me the catalog description . It 's wrong . Now one person there knows and he 's not in position to do anything about it . If you meet a Stanley jobber , tell him . If enough people know , it might eventually get fixed .
 The hose took almost an extra week to get here , the hose it 's self is very flimsy . It was supposed to come with clamps to attach it to the dryer and they never arrived at all ... . My opinion is that it was not worth the time to order it .
 I 've ordered this a few times and received 4 bulbs because as it states in the product description it is a 2pack of 2 bulbs ... 2 +2 = 4 . However , on my most recent order they sent me 2 bulbs and when I inquired Amazon agreed I was correct but said they could not send me half an order and for the inconvenience they would send another full order ... They sent another 2 bulbs . Clearly they either have really unintelligent shipping clerks or their computer coding is messed up in the shipping dept.Product itself is great but why pay $ 9.00 for 2 bulbs here when you can get 4 for $ 7.88 at Home Depot .
 Actually I rate this ZERO stars but I could not submit the review without at least one ... I found this manufacturer by a google search with the words `` outdoor security light , made in USA . '' I looked at the company website and they purport to be a US manufacturer . However , I was dismayed when my item arrived and I saw right on the box `` Made in China . '' Nevertheless , I mounted the light following the directions . The two lamps are supposed to swivel individually on the base left to right , and have a pivot point at the elbow which allows you to adjust up and down . Well , the nuts holding the posts to the base were so loose that the lamps would not stay in the desired position . When I tried to tighten one of the nuts to secure the post , the entire post disintegrated . I 'm asking for a refund - we 'll see what happens .
 After having carried a Gerber multitool of one type or another for years , I believed this insert system to be a great idea . I was wrong.I ca n't even cut a coat hanger without the carbide cutter shattering . I 've also tried using the carbides cutter on car stereo wires and it usually leaves multiple strands connected.I 'm sincerely disappointed at the implementation of a great idea.I rated it a one because that one star is the great idea . The blank stars are the implementation .
 The shipper did a great job . I got my product on time & in good shape.The problem is the design of the cutters . They break . Mine broke cutting a single strand of RUSTED barbed wire !! Go back to the old design or make a more durable replaceable cutter .
 We installed it on Thurs and by the weekend it had cracked . On the positive side , it was easy to install and easy to remove .
 After reading the reviews , thought it was a quality productPlastic lens is weakBe warned if you need service after the warrantyYou might as well buy a new laser , no parts or service just have to pay for a replacement unit
 I purchased one of Decora slide dimmer switches for our bathroom . After installing it , I slid the dimmer up and down twice to test it , and it broke ! The slider portion seemed to have become disconnected internally , so that it just moved up & down without affecting the light.I returned to the store , and exchanged the broken unit for another one . After installing & testing , it worked fine , so I threw away the packaging & receipt . After two weeks , that switch broke as well , in the same fashion as the first one.I could no longer return the switch to the store for a refund -LRB- and I did n't want to bother installing a third one -RRB- , so I called Levition Customer Service . They refused to refund the purchase price , and would only offer to replace the switch if I mailed them the bad one . They also refused to pay for the cost of sending them their defective product , so I threw it in the trash.We have used these same switches in other rooms of the house , and they have worked fine for ten years . The manufacturer has apparently made some change that has ruined them . I 'll never buy another Levition product .
 It `` worked '' for the first three days with our Christmas miniature outdoor lights before it faild completely . Sometimes we would have to get the remote to withen three feet of the receiver before it would work .
 This product is terrible . I purchased 2 of them from Amazon and the first one did not work right out of the package and the second one failed within 2 days .
 I used this item for controlling a 60W light . It stopped working after only 6 month of occasional use . Having no recourse to return or exchange , I figured I should open it up and see if I can fix it myself . What the warning label says was true , there 's no serviceable part inside . What was even more revealing was the shoddy soldering workmanship of the print circuit board , no wonder it failed.It goes into trash can , what a waste of money .
 This is a fine indoor unit , but it also supposed to work outside . If you are somewhere warm and where it does n't rain , maybe you can get it to work outside , otherwise , do n't waste your money .
 I bought this remote to turn on a waterfall about 20ft away . It worked for about 3 months until the temp was below 50 degrees F. I ended up buying another unit to see if it would work and this one does ` nt even work until you are 3 ft in front of it and that is at 70 degree F. I would not recomend this item to anyone.Northern California
 I wanted a remotely-controlled power outlet for a computer lab , which is behind a wall from my office desk.Behold ... its quoted 100 foot reach is line-of-sight only!I could n't get it to turn on/off even from 3 feet distance if there was a wall in the way . Or , for that matter , even from on the other side of a computer!If you plan on using this item , you 'll have to settle for using it in the same room -LRB- or , if outside , then the same side of the house -RRB- that the outlet is located , and only if you can see the outlet itself from where you 're standing .
 I had high hopes for this product since I was using it in close range -LRB- less than 10 feet -RRB- . The product was unreliable , only worked about 25 % of the time for a week and then stopped working all together . Tried swapping batteries , nothing .
 It DOES N'T work - PERIOD.Terrible - I bought 3 . Returning them all . Totally useless.One light would n't turn on AT ALL . The other only if less then a foot away , and still only rarely.Recommend : Skylink WS-100 Wireless Remote Control -LRB- CH A or B -RRB-
 The power outlet unit is very sturdy , but the remote is very poorly made . When I received the unit the remote looked so poorly made that at first I though it wo n't even work . Anyway , it did work , for about one week and then just died . Amazon sent me a replacement which looked just as poorly made , but at least it had been working for about a month now . But then I accidentally dropped it from my hand -LRB- a 3 foot drop may be ? -RRB- on my carpet , and the battery cover `` stopper '' broke off . No suprise , actually , given how low quality plastic they used to build the remote . Now the battery wo n't stay in place properly , of course , without a battery chamber cover.I 'd rather recommend this , which anyway gives you 2 outlets with one remote-http : / / www.amazon.com/Bye-Standby-BBSBUSA-Energy-Saving/dp/B0010383XM/
 I purchased two of these.First one never worked so , thought the best cure was to buy another.Second one worked momentarily and then stopped . Wrote to the company and after a good deal of time -LRB- and some trickery -RRB- , was able to get them both repaired and returned . Only use it on simple stuff -LRB- low wattage -RRB- . Wanted to use it in my woodworking shop -LRB- namely my vacuum system -RRB- . Afraid to . Currently use one inside -LRB- on a radio -RRB- and one outside -LRB- on a heating pad in the cat 's box -RRB- with no problem but I do n't think they are worth the money nor the effort especially since they are so prone to breakage .
 Have purchased 2 of these to control my outdoor fountain . Each of the receivers -LRB- the switch -RRB- only last 2-3 months . The switch is protected from rain/water . Appears to be poor quality .
 the off button on the wireless remote has stopped working.only had it 2 months . this is more junk crap from CHINA .
 Sorry
 I purchased this unit for inside use . Construction appears fine ; unit worked fine - for 5 months . Now the remote control does not send signal with use of ON button , only OFF . Trying a different brand .
 I AM UNABLE TO CONTROL THE UNIT THROUGH THE WALL AS STATED IN THE ADVERTISEMENT , ONLY THE WINDOW . I HAVE TO TAPE THE REMOTE CONTROL BATTERY COMPARTMENT DOOR ONTO THE REMOTE CONTROL , THE CLIP WILL NOT HOLD IT CLOSED .
 The unit did n't power at all when plugged in eventhough the remote was functioning properly . One of the remote buttons also showed a propensity to get jammed . So be wary of this product . Looks nice , just didnt work .
 I bought 2 but one was defective and returned for credit . Both remotes triggered the good unit so I assume both are the same frequency .
 Bought this item to use out doors as it said it was for out doors and it would not work in he cold but would work in the house . So could not use it on our Christmas lights outside as we intended on doing . Wo n't buy another one .
 the off switch works well enough but to switch it on takes several attempts . still trying to understand how to hold it or how to direct the remote to get a good signal to switch on .
 This product is claimed to work outdoor . But it did n't work well outdoor during the Christmas season .
 I use this to turn on and off a garbage disposal.Turns on the disposal every single time from upto 20 ' away . Does a very poor job at tuning it off . I have to press the off button several time before it responds . I can live with the inconvenience .
 Purchased two of these . Both were set up on a porch in a sheltered area , but neither worked in the cold -LRB- below 40 degrees -RRB- and neither worked when it rained . One stopped working all together after a few months , and the other works only sporadically . Not a good product .
 Tried to use it for my outside lights . It would not turn on or off from inside the house . I had to go about two feet away to make it work . Stay away from this product . I bought a timer switch at walmart works great . less money .
 When I got this there was only 1 bad review so I went ahead . This unit stopped working on me as well . I live where it does n't get terribly cold but it gets below 35 overnight quite a bit . It worked for 5 days and then stopped . I am not having any luck warming this up to a working state again as some other reviewers did . All things being equal , look elsewhere for a product like this.UPDATE
 I got it to wirelessly control an industrial drum fan . It works to turn the fan off , but because it completely cuts power to the fan -LRB- I presume this is the reason -RRB- , it trips the fan 's AC plug reset button -LRB- ground fault circuit interrupter ? -RRB- . Therefore to turn the fan back on you must first turn on the SVAT device , then press the fan 's reset button . The reset button is not tripped when the fan is plugged directly into the AC outlet.This device may work for some applications , but beware of this limitation . Many outdoor devices have built-in interrupters.I 'm currently looking for a competing device that wo n't trip the reset button .
 This product worked great for about 1 month and then just stopped working for no clear reason . Apparently , the return window is only 30 days which is a bunch of crap . I would n't buy this product or any other product made by this company .
 They claim for use outdoors . What they did n't tell you is it 's not very water proof .
 Put this one in my garage . It does not work when outdoor temperature reaches 40F .
 The product is a good concept but lacks the range and needs a clear line of sight from the transmitter to the receiver .
 I bought this remote to control my outdoor Christmas lights . I tested it in my house when it first arrived . It worked fine . But after installing it on my deck , it stopped working after about 10 minutes . It does not like to operate in the cold weather . When I brought it back indoors , it worked again after it warmed up . Amazon sent me a replacement for it , but that one also did not work after being exposed to the cold . I am not talking about severe cold -LRB- e.g. below zero -RRB- . Both remotes stopped functioning in 28F weather . I finally bought a similar product from my local Ace hardware store , and it has worked flawlessly .
 Bought it because it was rated outdoor with a temperature range -30 to +45 degrees C. Hooked up in afternoon at 55 degrees F and it worked fine . Tonight at 35 degrees it did n't work . It 's only controlling a 60 watt bulb . Bought it in and after about 20 minutes after it had warmed upit started to work again . I paid a premium for 1 day delivery and product did n't meet it 's spec .
 I used this for my outside Christmas lights , and it worked fine for ONLY ONE WEEK ! It stopped working today . I tried changing the battery , but it still wo n't work . Based on another review I just read , I wonder if it quit working because the temperature dropped into the 30 's today , and this remote control does n't work in cold weather ... ?
 the first one i installed would only wor from about 10 ft , with new batteries . the second one did not work at all , so i returned items for a full refund thanks to amazon .
 This product worked as described -LRB- for a few months -RRB- , but began to be `` intermittent '' , then fully quit working . I tried new batteries , etc. . Do not recall , but suppose it was out of warranty , so ... I 'm here to buy another brand ! : -
 The front of the unit states `` OUTDOOR '' but the back of the unit states that it is not for use where directly exposed to water . Well I do n't know about the rest of you , but it rains in my outdoors.The unit only worked for about a week outside , then it died and I ca n't get it to work anymore.Not recommended .
 This products was DOA for me . Hopefully other people had better luck . I never did get around to returning it . Shipping is probably half the cost of the product so not really worth my time .
 Unit worked great for 2 weeks and then totally failed . Returned to Amazon for credit . Problem was not due to low Las Vegas tempertures !!
 This product works indoors , and is capable of going through drywall . However , it was completely unable to go through even a single wooden door . The range of this device has also been greatly exaggerated . Maybe it works at 100 feet out in the open , but it 's limited to just a few feet when going through walls .
 This item does n't function as advertised . Installed in a garage , it worked only sporadically -- and only when right beneath it , let alone outside . It does NOT work through walls , nor anywhere near the 100 foot distance claimed . I installed a new battery , made no difference . Now it 's totally dead . A major disappointment , as this was to be a night security measure .
 The first one I bought worked for about 2 weeks . Amazon replaced it with no problem . The second one worked off and on for about 3 weeks . I 'm going to try the more expensive model to see if it is any better .
 after about 10 cuts on 1 1/2 &#34; sch .40 aluminum pipe the threaded adapter broke into the hole saw and I had to purcgase an after market replacement threaded adapter because I did n't have time to wait for an replacment part to be shipped to me . The job had to go on as scheduled
 I made the assumption these would be of a higher quality than the lower cost units , wrong . They seem to work OK for a short while but start loosing their bulbs one at a time . Looking inside you will see a low cost product with a higher cost looking outside .
 This is one of those companies that charge a reasonable price , but make it up on overpriced shipping .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 After receiving the air hose reel , during the installation , I noticed one of the fittings on the short hose that feeds the unit was defective . The fitting on one end was cracked all the way through , so it would obviously not hold air pressure.I notified customer service through email at Amazon , who got back to me the next day with instructions on what phone number to call to report the problem.Huge phone game where the number would operate with a recording until they opened for business , then , after they opened , the number would just ring once , then go immediately to busy.Contacted them by email , and they responded that they were experiencing phone problems , but they would refer my problem by email to the right department who would solve my issue and get back to me . They never did!I wrote them one more time after another week stating that I would try one more day to contact them by phone . But now I get their recording , select the department from their menu and it just rings and rings . I did this 6 times during their business hours.I am done , and will just try to source a new hose locally .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 I have used 16 ft. stanley lever locks for all of 10 years andit gets a 5 star rating . This new design has a plastic lumpbelow the belt hook which makes it a 2 hand operation to hookit to your pants pocket . By nature of design it wore the fabricto shreds on my new carhartt bibs in 2 days . It has other problems , the botton to lock the lever open was changing position duringuse . STANLEY DONT DUMP YOUR OLD DESIGN
 The person or persons that designed this tape measure , have never had to measure anything . Stanley has single handedly taken a 1 hand job and made it a two hand job as you can not simply place the tip of the tape measure on an item and pull . You have to pry the tape out with one hand to get it started , as you hold it with your other hand . The tape measure is useless , you might as well just get a yard stick at this point - your will need two hands to use this `` device '' . I suppose this tape measure will last forever , simply because I will never pull it out of my toolbox .
 Despite the cheap case and a cheap wrench that does n't fit my Rigid table saw , this blade works well . Of course , I ca n't try it for anything larger than 5/8 '' inch cuts as it gets too large for my spindle . After reversing the setup , I also had to get a washer so the screws would n't hit the motor mount.I think Freud has done an extremely poor job of testing and telling their customers what saws this blade works with and which ones it does n't . If you still want one of these to try , look on eBay , mine is headed there shortly , broken case and all .
 Horrible CS . I have bought from amazon for years but Timberline made some excuse about a price error and it was the price for one chipper blade only , blamed it on amazon and would not honor the sale . Amazon would not do anything to help on 3rd party sales . Amazon is usually very good on honoring their own prices , even if it was an error and the order was placed with them . Not so with Timberline.I have had good results with Freud blades and have sd508 and sd206 blades . Do not know personally about this set .
 Do n't bother ordering ... This item climbed to the top of the movers and shakers because Timberline ran a bogus offer and then canceled the orders . DK tools is most likely a front for Timberline to get orders from unsuspecting buyers . Buy anywhere else . Timberline has terrible feedback for good reason .
 I have the same complaints as the previous reviewer , except with a Grizzly ZPRO Contractor Saw . This Dado set is designed to allow the dial to be moved between the two outside blades to accomodate right or left hand arbor . This involves three set-screws with lock nuts on the outside blade that sets against the arbor . These screws and nuts do not clear the arbor mechanism when the blade rotates . After talking with Freud , the only solution is to return the dado set for a refund.This really needs to be re-engineered - and I 'm sure it will be . There are several obvious changes that would eliminate this problem . The simplest of which would be to allow the customer to order a right or left arbor configuration and eliminate the need for the screws/nuts . If they ca n't do this , they should publish a list of saws that incompatable . It would save a lot of agrivation.Also , while I liked the practical design of the case , and the absolute protection it gives to the carbide tips , the arbor wrench is useless . This wrench is absolutely required to mount the set because of the width of the dial and the narrow recessed hub in the middle of the dial to accommodate the arbor nut . The hex socket that came with my set was so asymetric that it would fit over the nut in only one if the six possible orientations . This made it impossible to tighten the nut with this wrench . None of my shop wrenches provided a cylinder deep or thin enough to clear the dial and still grab the arbor nut.Obviously , I ca n't tell anything about the performance of the set , since I could n't mount the blade and if I could , I could n't turn on the saw without sparks , grinding metal and who know what else .
 Just does not fit a Bosch 4000-07 without removing the plastic panel that makes up the dust collection housing.The wrench supplied was of very poor quality consiting of what looked like a piece of metal welded onto a hex shaped channel that was supposed to resemble a 22mm or 23mm socket . Also the case seemd to be very flimsy for the money . I 've since returned the dial-a-dado and replaced it with the super dado and it also comes with a similar case.On a postive note , Changing the arbor from right to left to fit the Bosch 4000-07 was straight forward and had it worked on my saw I would have kept it and just replaced the wrench with a real socket . Great concept but seems to be limited in application .
 Great reviews in magazines , but will not work with craftsman . nuts hit the arbor and the wrench will not fit the nut . I would have loved to use this dado but I guess the forgot not everyone ownes a unisaw . Very dissappointed .
 Got this for Christmas , the case is cheap plastic , not what I would expect for the price . The back blade has lock nuts for the hub , I would expect tapped screws . On my 10in Sears Craftsman they hit the arbor casting so would have to be spaced out . The front blade has a recess in the hub for your arbor nut . In my case the recess is not large enough to get a wrench -LRB- socket -RRB- on the saw 's nut -LRB- the wrench that come with it is for a smaller nut -RRB- ; also , with all the blades on it 's too wide for the arbor . I never cut anything with it as was too much trouble for the price .
 Technically , I suppose it DOES fit the saw . However , the supplied arbor wrench does not , nor will any combination of ratchet and socket that I could come up with since the throat opening on the saw interferes with getting anything other than a wrench onto the arbor shaft with the stack set up for a normal 3/4 '' dado cut . As popular as the DeWalt hybrid saw is , I ca n't imagine there are n't thousands of disgruntled woodworkers out there like me who are fuming over Freud 's short-sighted designers .
 I puchased this blade to replace an old wobble blade . I did n't mine the cheap case it came in as much as when ajusting it to it 's full width , it was to wide to fit on my arbor with a nut . After paying this price I expect it to work in all widths . I have a Delta unisaw , so I do not know what saw you would have to have to meet it 's full specifications ? I returned it .
 The Ridgid TS3650 's blade-mounting arbor is too short for this dado set . The widest dado setting you can * safely * dial up to is about 1/2 '' . Also , the special wrench provided by Freud does n't fit the arbor nut.C ` mon , Freud , why no warnings in your sales literature ?? As a regular user of your saw blades , you really let me down . So much for my brand loyalty .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 The loop hooks are not large enough for chisels , coated plier/cutter handles , nut drivers . Basically anything larger than standard a screwdriver 's shaft does NOT fit in the hanger.Very limited usage for a pricey item .
 These are some of the nicest clamps of there kind that I have used . Being an Architectural Finish Carpenter full time I have used all different kinds and brands of clamps . The reason I rated them so low was not the clamps , but the service I have received from Amazon . I am an Amazon prime member and the item was to be shipped second day , so that i would receive them today . I need the clamps tomorrow and have put off a project while I have waited . Seeing as how they have not been delivered and the estimated date is over two weeks from now , I had to find them locally . They where priced lower at a national home improvement store where I purchased them .
 The product was n't what I was expecting . The wire leading to the battery pack is only 3-4 inches , so ends up dangling from the vase . The lights are not very bright and are n't noticeable unless the room is dark . The fiber optic threads are somewhat stiff and wo n't separate easily so virtually impossible to get a fan shaped design , they cluster together .
 Silly . Silly . Silly . I do not know why i ordered this . Waste of moo la . So it was a crazypurchase .
 Gloves were too stiff to be used in any type of work environment requiring manual dexterity . The Carhart work gloves were a better product for our use .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 The discription of this item is not what is delivered . I was expecting a high visibility yellow line chalk based on the advertised discription and what is in the container is more of a dull mustard color chalk . I would not recommend this item to any of my friends .
 My home was completed about 8 years ago and the electrician installed all Lutron switches ; some of them these 3-way dimmers . I 've lost count of how many Lutron switches have failed . These switches are far too expensive for this kind of failure .
 My home was completed about 8 years ago and the electrician installed all Lutron switches ; some of them these 3-way dimmers . I 've lost count of how many Lutron switches have failed . These switches are far too expensive for this kind of failure .
 These things seem like a good idea , but in practice they allow a tiny bit of movement of the switch , and in many cases that is more than enough to break the circuit long.These would probably work great at preventing someone from turning on a switch , but as for preventing the interruption of power by keeping a switch ON , they fail.For that matter , these might even be dangerous for this purpose since they allow just enough movement to break the circuit , but not by enough that the electricity can not spark over the gap.And sparks inside the wall can be a very bad thing .
 The shipping & handling is outrageous !!! Do n't make the same mistake I did , go to the Hardware store and save yourself a lot of money ... Ripped-Off !!!
 for those of you who have bought this because you want the switch to9 be always on its really as simple as taking the switch out and wireing the 2 electrical wires together with a wirenut and put the switch back in and put the plate back on then what ever that switch would have controlled would be always on -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this to keep from turning the oil burner off by accident . It was great until it needed to be shut down for service . You have to undo the screw to work the switch . The burner guy said this could be a safety hazard . I then bought the Clearview switch guard which is great ! It protects the switch from accidently being turned off but also gives you easy access to the switch if you should ever need to use it .
 After water sits for a day or so , I have to wait a few seconds for rust to clear out of the hot water line . I 'm pretty sure it 's coming from the fact that the T-fitting on the filter is galvanized . The only way to find out for sure is to pay a plumber again to replace it with a copper fitting or to install a different filter that does n't have galvanized . I 'm not looking forward to shoveling out the money . I do n't know what else could be causing it . I 'm pretty sure I am right about it being the T-fitting .
 I wish I had more hands so that I can give this product 4 thumbs down !!! Wish can give this product no stars . I ca n't tell you how the product work , looks , smells , feels , or even tastes because I waited a month and never got it . They promised me that it was on it 's way two times and even said that they shipped a second one . If this happens to you , do n't hold your breath , cause your not going to get it . Your more likely to get it if you print out the photo of it and place it under your pillow that night and hope that the tooth fairy will bring it to you . I just cancelled my order . I do n't have eternity to wait for something as simple as this . It 's not like its a special order personally made for me .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 The picture of this product is of a brown dimmer and cover , however , they only send you the dimmer with no cover . I specifically bought this one because I thought I was getting both . Very misleading .
 The two biggest complaints I have are :1 -RRB- When the knob is locked , the inside knob is still allowed to rotate . In every other keyed entry knob that I have ever come in contact with , when you engage the lock , both the inside and the outside knob do not rotate . With this Schlage knob , let 's say I engage the lock and then , later on , I forget whether or not I 've engaged the lock . How could I verify that the lock is engaged from inside the house ? This knob would also allow person to lock themselves out of their house . For example , you engage the lock , forget the lock is engaged , then decide to go outside for whatever reason . The knob would allow you to open the door from the inside and go outside . Upon returning to the door , you will discover it to be locked from the outside and you will be locked out of your house .2 -RRB- I ordered two knobs and none of them came wth the security key . The very first feature listed on the Schlage website for this door knob states `` Securely re-keys in seconds with SecureKey technology '' , yet my knobs did n't come with the blue secure key and the instructions in the box did n't even mention being able to re-key the locks.I will be returning these knobs .
 Dad used this product to clean the house last summer . The nozzle did n't fit properly , although it 's advertised as a universal fit . Also , the cleaning product reservoir leaked . Not a keeper . : -LRB-
 Gloves were too stiff to be used in any type of work environment requiring manual dexterity . The Carhart work gloves were a better product for our use .
 I bought the Irwin Marathon 12 '' 100T blade in February 2006 . I went to use it the first time in September of 2008 . When I mounted it on my Porter Cable power mitre , it had a VERY noticeable wobble - I estimate about an 1/8 '' - I removed it to check that I mounted it properly -LRB- no debris on the flange -RRB- and remounted it . It still had a major wobble.Amazon wo n't accept returns after 30 days . Anyone need a brand new warped blade for cheap $ .
 Amazon sells this thing for $ 32 directly with free ship . I know , I bought one and had to return it because it was very warped and unuseable . Others seem to have better luck with it . Anyone who buys this blade for $ 67 is throwing away at least 50 % of that amount . I would not want it at any price , but if you must , get it from Amazon and save more than half .
 When the blade came I mounted it on my Delta compound miter saw and even before I made a cut I noted that the blade wobbled when I took it up to speed . Double checked that there was no problem with the mounting of the blade and still found a noticible wobble . Sent it back to Amazon and replaced it with an 80T Bosch for a few dollars more . That one shows no wobble . I guess there is a reason Irwin blades cost a little less .
 Gloves were too stiff to be used in any type of work environment requiring manual dexterity . The Carhart work gloves were a better product for our use .
 Absolute garbage but it was the only ones I had available in stock at the local store . Bits do not fit snug in the bolts . I was taking the flywheel off my VW VR6 engine . Barely made 7 out of 10 bolts , M10 bit rounded itself and stripped other three bolts which I 'll have to deal with removing somehow now . They were torqued to only 44 lb/ft . Stay away from this bits and brand !
 I looked for these tools in all my local tool suppliers and everyone either did not carried it or was out of stock . Purchased from here and received the tools promptly . As soon as I started using the 8mm it stripped . Not even three bolts into it . I call immediately and the crew at Amazon and the supplier were great enough to point me in the right direction return the tool for a refund .
 Almost paper-thin , these cheap things did n't even QUALIFY as safety shields at the plant where I work . And the return postage was more than the cost of the shields , so I ate it . STAY AWAY !!!
 If you buy this for 400 $ , you 're double the fool that bought the 62 piece one for 200 $ . This set 's worth 100 $ max . Couple extra bucks than what the 62 piece is worth.This is an average quality set that does what it says . Pick it up for 100 $ and love the fact that it does both . If you want to spend 400 $ , buy a 200 $ AWESOME quality standard set and a 200 $ AWESOME standard set.I bought the TV 80 $ version of the 62 piece Metrinch 15 years ago and love it for the convenience .
 There is no durable competitive advanteage here . This product and all Metrinch products Costs too much - the TV version was 70 % less . I know , I bought mine from the TV phase of marketing and there are no US dealers from the website - -LSB- ... -RSB- Until they get real on their prices instead of overhype and have a strong US dealership organization to back it up - I would be very cautious.Yes the product does what they claim - but the service , the follow up and the value is not there yet - this is just more MLM hype .
 Unpleasantly Surprised -LRB- rewrite -RRB- I ordered a K&auml;rcher K5 .85 MR through Pressure Washer Direct . The week it took to get to me counted towards the 30 day warranty . The item arrived with a cracked right wheel and missing lower bracket for the spray-wand storage , otherwise , it worked beautifully.My complaint concerns K&auml;rcher customer service . Their call center is located in the Philippines , but their hours are M-F 9AM-5PM EST. . Their automated greeting advised to have the invoice handy , as they `` may '' need a copy faxed to them -- there 's no `` may '' about it , they insisted , even if the product is factory-direct shipped and warranty-registered . My experience with customer service was nothing but a hassle , and by the time I receive replacement parts , the item will be out of warranty . I would 've rated the product itself a `` 5 '' if not for the very cheap and inadequate wheels . I rate the customer service and warranty a `` 1 '' . Basically , I 'm pleased with my purchase , but I consider it an `` As Is '' purchase because of the warranty and customer service . I hope I 'll not have to deal with K&auml;rcher 's customer support again any time soon.Pressure Washer Direct credited $ 25 to my account as a `` courtesy credit '' for the inconvenience , and I would order through them again without hesitation .
 Purchased new , on January 30 , 2011 . It is now May 30 , 2011 , and the unit is not working properly.Pros are : * Unit has wheels to roll around . Very helpful . * Unit has the onboard pressure hose reel , and has a hook to hang the electrical cord . * Unit is very powerful at 1850PSICons are : * Unit trips electrical breakers alot -LRB- 2-3 times when using the unit -RRB- . * Unit could have more durable plastic -LRB- plastic could be slightly thicker in certain areas -RRB- . * Unit failed after 4 months -LRB- on the day -RRB- , when used for a total of 3 ~ 4 times since January . * Even after allowing all air to escape from within the pressure lines , the unit continues to power on and off when in use , for the first 30 minutes of use . It 's very strange to have it cycle on and off when you engage the trigger , even after you have purged all the air out of the unit . Very annoying having it power down and back up , and back down , etc. . . This unit supposedly has a built in aluminium pump for `` enhanced '' durability . However , the unit began making wierd noises last night , and now , it puts out half the power . In other words , my brother 's 1300 PSI Karcher unit -LRB- which is really old -RRB- , has more power than this unit at 1850 PSI . Obviously , the pump or something inside is damaged . I never ran this with the water off , except for a few seconds during every shut down to remove the water from the pump . Which users are instructed to do in the owners manual . Users are instructed to run the motor/pump with electricity on , but the water off , for a few seconds to remove excess water from the pump . I forgot what page in the manual it says to do this ... It has always been cared for , never damaged , dropped , or destroyed in any way . I am very sad about this.I will submit an update after any repairs and/or replacements have been made .
 I purchased Karcher K 5.585 1850 PSI in May - I had another Karcher i was using and wanted one with a little more pressure . I ordered this Karcher but did n't use it until last week or so since I had just used the old Karcher when I ordered this one . Well , water just went everywhere from the trigger area and could n't use it . I called Karcher and they do not warrant anything third party online -LRB- which Amazon is -RRB- and 30 days is up since i bought it from Amazon . I am stuck with a Karcher that I paid good money for and did n't work from the getgo so be warned if you buy online .
 Trigger gun connects to hose via thin plastic . I guarantee you will be shopping for a replacement Trigger Gun before long .
 got it all set up , plugged it in and turned the switch , and it only ran for about 3 seconds then shut off and will not come back on , gfi is fully red , and checked a few different plugs and it just wont work .
 Only used few times , 1st I repalced the gun -LRB- 1/3 of the whole unit -RRB- , worked few months . Later replaced a pump part , and worked for few months . Now it 's totally dead . how many hrs did I spend to fix this myself ? Not worth itnevr buy any electtric pressure washer made by this Karcher . made in German , so what ? Totally pissed off
 This bracket is an absolute waste . A $ 15 dollar waste too ! I even tightened it with pliers , not just the hand tightening knob , and still would n't even adequately hold the Scarecrow in position . No chance of any real adjustment with this junk design either . Ended up using some electrical PVC brackets with great success , cost about $ .40 each .
 I purchased two Contech Electronics CROBRACKET Scarecrow Motion-Activated sprinkler mounting brackets to attach to my deck . Installation was easy but the brackets do not tighten down sufficiently on the sprinkler tubing . This makes it possible for the sprinkler to rotate and swivel within the bracket . Once you attach the hose to the sprinkler the weight of the hose causes the entire sprinkler to tilt . It is a great idea to get the sprinkler above the height of plants but this bracket is poorly engineered . The bracket needs to control for 3 planes of motion and it does not even control one . Heading to the hardware store ...
 This bracket is being marketed as an accessory to the Contech ScareCrow . I purchased it in order to mount my ScareCrow above ground . For this purpose , the manufacturer fails to deliver , because , while the single clamp of this bracket holds the ScareCrow horizontally , it fails to secure the ScareCrow vertically . The clamp , and hence the ScareCrow , swings in a vertical arc , even when it is not firing . No amount of tightening will help . It requires a bracket with two clamps , one above the other , to secure the ScareCrow vertically .
 This product is very flimsy and does not properly support the weight of the Scarecrow motion activated sprinkler . It does not tighten enough to have a grip . I had to add some wire to hold the sprinkler to the post . I would n't recommend this product .
 WHAT I ORDERED : Mayfair Premium Plastic Oblong Toilet Seat , WhiteWHAT I RECEIVED : Bemis PLastic Oblong Toilet Seat , WHiteThe Bemis product is similar , but not what I ordered . I did not want the hassle of fighting the returns , extra shipping expenses to get what I ordered , so I 'm living with it . The Idea of `` Bait & Switch '' makes me sick .
 If you look at the generic information above , under the PRODUCT DESCRIPTION heading it says that this is the B52 + model of these plastic side shields . If you look at the TECHNICAL DETAILS beneath that , it says that these are meant for `` Small to Medium frames . `` Having ordered off this exact Amazon page , I can tell you that the information is a bit misleading.My side shields were shipped with the specification paperwork for the different models -- including the one I purchased . On that paper , it says that the B52 + is good for MEDIUM to LARGE frames.These side shields are too big for small frames . I tried installing them on my wire-frame glasses , where I felt like the very act of installing them would do damage to the temples of my glasses.The side-shields are attached by slipping a temple through a small rubber band and then lifting that rubber band over a tab . The longer the temple-legs are , the more you 'll have to stretch that small rubber band . There were times I was afraid my glasses would bend out of shape before I got the rubber band in place.Even if these side-shields were the right size , I still felt that the act of installing them was far too time-consuming and unintuitive . A snap-on clip or something would be much faster and practical , in my opinion.For those that plan on using these with Medium or Large frames , the side-shields are `` fitted '' by merely bending the `` Living Hinges '' to complete the fit . Unfortunately , these `` Living Hinges '' are nothing more than flexible plastic , so there is a chance they can still fit improperly.According to the paperwork that came with these side-shields , here are their sizing recommendations : B26 + ... is good for SMALL and MEDIUM frames with a glass lens height of 1.182 '' to 1.70 '' -LRB- 30-43mm -RRB- B52 + -LRB- the one you 're reading about -RRB- ... is good for MEDIUM and LARGE frames with a glass lens height of 1.25 '' to 2.125 '' -LRB- 32-54mm -RRB- They 're plastic , they 're cheap , they 're made in the USA ... but I think there are better quality side shields to be found .
 Contrary to the picture . These are NOT a pair of glasses , they a simply a pair of side shields that ONLY fit b52 glasses
 These shields do fit larger frames , but they attach with flimsy acrylic like bands , nothing permanent and not easily . They make ear pieces too tight so if you have to wear them all day , be prepared for a head ache .
 decent light , but the charging connector in the light busted in two weeks , now i 'm looking for a replacement .
 The Faucet looks good if you are going for LOOKS not function . I had it installed by my contractor . The first day , i noticed that the water pressure was low , well i had my contractor removed it , cleaned it and reinstalled it . By the 3rd day the water was trickling down to barely nothing . I would not recommend this product . Needless to say i am going to return it if they will take it back .
 I should n't complain since I only paid less than $ 30 for the light , but it 's cheaply made and had some parts bent when it arrived . We are using it , it was just going in an extra bathroom ... but if you 're expecting good quality skip it .
 The original Leatherman used to be the best thing around until they outdid themselves . I still own this original Leatherman -LRB- in any form they are better than the best Swiss Army Knife -RRB- but by contrast this version of the Leatherman is awkward and painful to use . If you really need a grip when the item is open the edges of the handle bite into the hand . The blades , as are all tool here , are inside , and nothing locks into place . I strongly recommend picking up almost any other Leatherman than this one , if you really need one you 'll be glad you spent the extra money .
 This product lived up to my expectations , but you should be warned that the maglite offer is not true . I ordered 5 of these for groomsmen at our wedding -LRB- about $ 150 purchase -RRB- and did not even receive a single maglite even though the minimum purchase was $ 25 and every knife we received repeated this offer . I wrote in about the error and never even received a reply email . Just a fair warning if you are buying this brand over another for the free gift .
 The idea of a teeny , keyring-sized Leatherman is great ! I snapped one up right away and started sticking it in my pocket for all those little handy problems that come up when you 're far away from any regular tools -LRB- or even a larger multi-tool -RRB- . You know , like performing a quick tracheotomy on the bus . Or defusing a thermonuclear device someone found in a storage closet . Or trying to survive after a plane wreck on an island.Ok , more like opening the case on a PC to add a sound card , trimming a hang nail , opening a bottle of beer , or opening a shrink-wrapped CD.Well the idea was a great one , but I found the size of this tool too small to work with the flip-open Leatherman approach . The blade is too small for cutting most stuff , the pliers ca n't generate enough torque , and the tool selection too limited . Worst of all -LRB- and this is a problem I 've had with other Leatherman products , though not some of their competition -RRB- its tricky to extract the right tool and I scraped up my finger tips several times catching them on the knife blade or sharp edges of the tool.So its a great idea but does n't quite work . I 'd say , if small size is key , go for one of the more pocket-knife-like products . If features are key , it might be worth accepting a bit more bulk and getting one of the mid-sized pocket tools .
 This Leatherman was so stiff that I bent back my thumbnail trying to open it . Oiling improved it only slightly , but not enough to make the tool useable . I have returned it for a credit , which I await . Sad .
 Ordered as a replacement which broke . Cap fits but does not allow bumping as the original part did . Have to remove the cap pull the string out and then replace the cap .
 The services is unaceptable . Simple never came never arrive never been shipp to me . How in the world you expect me to issue a review!!!???@@@@I lost with Amazon some dollars for this but believe me I will pass out this experience and placed on blogs and forums for sure.I rate the product just because does not allow me for send this with a least one start ... no more comments
 My model number was no longer visible on old 12 '' bump feed Black and Decker trimmer -LRB- had an attached glued-on label that fell off years ago -RRB- , so took a chance that this product fit it , but it did not . If you 're looking for a bump cap that is approximately 4.25 '' outer diameter , with an approximate 1.75 '' inner diameter hole , this is NOT the product you 're looking for . Have no idea where to find the part I 'm looking for .
 Waste of money
 I ordered this item for .50 shipped so I do not feel like I was too badly ripped off . If I had paid full price , on the other hand , I would not be pleased . It is cheaply made and packaged and definitely not worth the money ! I do not recommend spending any more than what I paid .
 It does n't get one star , it get 's a do n't buy , this product c/b dangerous!Using this unit to check the batteries on one of the wall thermostas cost me a 94 $ service charge from my oil company for having nothing wrong w / our furnace except low batteries on the thermostat . Problem is , I checked the batteries w / this checker and they were n't in either the replace or weak range , they were in the good range ! A simple Honeywell digital programmable wall theremostat has given me over a month to change the battereis in the past . With the battereis reading good , i called our service contracted company and they said the service is n't covered because the furnace was fine , just the batteries were weak ! Wow.That explains the problems all these years w / the kids toys , etc. .
 Looks good , but the fact is it poor in measurement as it pretty much shows the measurement in boolean values i.e. says it 's good or bad.The unit is very poor in determining intermediate values in batteries . -LRB- and sometimes show almost dead batteries also as if it has 60 % power left -RRB- . This is just ok to determine wheather the battery ok or needs to be thrown , anythig beyond it do n't expect .
 I only paid a penny for it , and only one side of the tester works on batteries . I 'm sure it 's just a defective unit , but not worth pursuing any further .
 I also paid $ .50 w / free shipping . That 's about all it 's worth . It 's a very cheaply made , poor quality gadget . It does test batteries to some degree . It 's basically a `` yes '' or `` no '' , if it has some juice or not . Not very accurate , but you get what you pay for .
 I order this product in December , but have never received it .
 Item was not working right out of the box . Poor quality . It would cost more to send it back than to just take the loss . Got suckered on this one .
 BUYER ! PLEASE BE ADVISED ! THEY POST THE WORD FLASHLIGHT -LRB- S -RRB- WITH AN S . THEY POST A PICTURE OF `` 4 '' FLASHLIGHTS ! THEY TELL YOU YOU CAN KEEP ONE IN THREE DIFFERENT LOCATIONS AS OPPOSED TO USING THE WORD `` OR '' . THEY CHARGE 19.95 , BUT THIS IS ALL ONLY FOR ONE FLASHLIGHT ! JUST ONE ! WHILE OTHERS CHARGE 6.99 AND 7.25 FOR THE EXACT SAME 21 LED FLASHLIGHT , THEY CHARGE 19.95 , USE THE WORD FLASHLIGHTS < < < AND SHOW 4 LIGHTS . MISLEADING ! THEY TELL YOU YOU HAVE A CHOICE OF FOUR , BUT NOWHERE DO YOU GET TO CHOOSE ANYTHING ! JACKS TOOL SHED SELLS THE SAME LIGHT FOR ABOUT 7.25 . THINK ABOUT IT . WHY ARE THEY SHOWING 4 LIGHTS , HAVE PLURAL LIGHT -LRB- S -RRB- AND CHAGE 19.95 FOR THE SAME EXACT LIGHT ? ALTHOUGH SOME HAVE TOLD ME THAT YOU RECEIVE LIGHTS WITH BURNED OUT LED 'S / NOT SURE , BUT YOU GET THE PICTURE . VERY SAD !
 BUYER ! PLEASE BE ADVISED ! THEY POST THE WORD FLASHLIGHT -LRB- S -RRB- WITH AN S . THEY POST A PICTURE OF `` 4 '' FLASHLIGHTS ! THEY TELL YOU YOU CAN KEEP ONE IN THREE DIFFERENT LOCATIONS AS OPPOSED TO USING THE WORD `` OR '' . THEY CHARGE 19.95 , BUT THIS IS ALL ONLY FOR ONE FLASHLIGHT ! JUST ONE ! WHILE OTHERS CHARGE 6.99 AND 7.25 FOR THE EXACT SAME 21 LED FLASHLIGHT , THEY CHARGE 19.95 , USE THE WORD FLASHLIGHTS < < < AND SHOW 4 LIGHTS . MISLEADING ! THEY TELL YOU YOU HAVE A CHOICE OF FOUR , BUT NOWHERE DO YOU GET TO CHOOSE ANYTHING ! JACKS TOOL SHED SELLS THE SAME LIGHT FOR ABOUT 7.25 . THINK ABOUT IT . WHY ARE THEY SHOWING 4 LIGHTS , HAVE PLURAL LIGHT -LRB- S -RRB- AND CHAGE 19.95 FOR THE SAME EXACT LIGHT ? ALTHOUGH SOME HAVE TOLD ME THAT YOU RECEIVE LIGHTS WITH BURNED OUT LED 'S / NOT SURE , BUT YOU GET THE PICTURE . VERY SAD !
 I bought this tool set as a gift for my boyfriend because it was fairly inexpensive and had a good review . I was very disappointed with the quality of it . The hammer looks like it is sloppily glued together , the case fell apart almost immediately - essentially the set looks and is cheaply made . It 's been months since I bought the set -LRB- the only reason I 'm posting this is because I was going through past orders and was appalled that this set had only one 4-star review ! -RRB- and I 'm not well-versed on the names of different items in the set - but most of the items were plastic and cheap looking . Maybe this should have been obvious from the price , but I was still very disappointed that I spent $ 50 on something that was more appropriately made to be a play tool kit for a child than to be used to actually do any kind of repairs . My advice - spend more and get something of better quality ! We have n't gotten any use out of it .
 This is a toolset for a child , it is n't even dorm room quality . The screwdriver after a full charge can only handle 5 pre-loosened screws . The clips are made of cheap plastic . Customer service is poor
 The plastic case is really chincy and does not hold the tools well . The tools are better suited for a dorm room and very basic home repairs .
 The actual tools in this set are great . They are high quality and function exactly as they are supposed to.The biggest downside to this product is the case in which the tools are kept . It 's made of EXTREMELY cheap plastic , and the tools fall out of their slots when carrying it around.This product is fine if you 're going to keep it as a bare-minimum home tool kit , but do n't expect anything more out of it .
 So , I wanted this to keep in my car ... I should have simply purchased the individual items ... the small phillips set had a broken case and three bent and one broken screwdriver . The tape measure was also broken as was the volt meter . I will be returning this item . I did attempt to call and go to their website to see if they would replace the broken items but could NEVER get ANYONE to answer or to get their website to work . Just not worth the hassle .
 This set of tools is very cheaply made , and in no respects is a 4-star product . It 's below average -LRB- 2 stars -RRB- . The hammer is a kids size hammer . The little plastic box that holds the tiny screwdrivers does n't stay in place.I have a similar toolbox set that I got in a hardware store , for somewhat of a similar price . I was expecting something more along that quality , as Amazon typically does n't disappoint.I would not recommend Apollo to anyone .
 RE
 This tool set has almost everything I need , but it is next to impossible to get the tools out of their little compartments without a crowbar . And snapping them back in is no easy feat either . When I need a tool , I want to be able to grab it , not have to stop what I 'm doing to find something to pry it out . The tools themselves are okay , I guess . I 'm mostly just mad because my fingers are all beat-up from trying to get tools out . Sigh ...
 Before I ordered this product I called Insinkerator to ask if the cold faucet could be clicked on and remain on until clicked off for filling larger containers . I was told it would do this so I ordered the product . When it arrived I found that I was given the wrong information and the cold faucet had to be held open . Now I had to return the unit . I call Insinkerator to complain about being given the wrong information and they not only would not help me but denied they had given me the wrong information . How can I trust Insinkerator now ?
 I have spent a lot of money on natural spectrum lightbulbs over the years . The extra money seems like a good trade off given the better quality of light and the lifetime of the bulb as stated by the manufacturer . However , I have experienced very short lives with Verilux bulbs . When I contacted Verilux , the company stated that there are too many factors that affect the bulbs for them to guarantee that they live up to their claims . Sounds like fraudulent marketing , does it not ? Stay away from this brand unless you simply have too much money and need to find a way to get rid of some . The company 's exact response , as copied from my live chat , follows : Evelyn
 Product features says 3 pack bulb replacement is actually 1 bulb with shipping adds up to just under $ 10 a bulb .
 The item broke after 3 uses . It seems to be quite fragile ... needs to be made of a stronger material .
 The head of the sanding disk broke the 2nd time it was used . Now I 'm stuck with a bunch of sanding disks that can not be used .
 This lamp failed within 30 days of purchase . It worked out of the package but failed to work after a few weeks .
 Tried two sets of fresh batteries and after one flash of light never really worked.Decided on a battery operated one as another light I bought before only lasted six months , it was the type that plugs in the wall .
 It works and motion detects great . Its just not bright enough for me . I will purchase a 18 luminins led light . This is 3 .
 I started off by buying one of these . When I put the batteries in and turned it to the ON position , the bulb flashed once and never worked again . I figured it was a fluke that it did n't work , so I returned it and bought two more . One for the garage and one for the dining room , surely these will work . NOPE , when the other two showed up , I put brand new batteries in them and nothing happened , not even a flash like the first one . They did n't work in the ON position or the Sensor position.I bought these because of the high rating others have given them . Is there a severe quality control issue going on here with Maxxima ?? What kind of crap are they trying to sell us . DO NOT BUY .
 While the item was well packaged and arrived on time ; it does not function completely . The light is n't very bright but is enough for a small stairwell or to light the landing of a basement stairway , but the motion sensor does not trigger the light . After trying multiple trials in varied degrees of light , providing motion at different distances and heights ... nada . This light ends up being an expensive , bulky , tap light.Maxxima MLS-01 Occupancy Sensor LED Light
 Updated BACK to 2 ** - sensor stopped working 4 months ago ... - so have to use in the on/off switch positions / updated 7/02/12UPDATED after week - not as bright as hoped - more style maybe but not as good asSE Wireless Motion Sensor Light - 10 Super-Bright LED **************************************************************** Maxxima MLS-01 Occupancy Sensor LED LightHave placed at entrance to Large den allowing plenty of lighting to cross room to lamps w/o having to constantly switch ceiling light fixture on/off - ergo the $ $ $ $ saving in the long run.It does take 4 AA Batteries - We use Moonrays - rechargables in all ************************************************************************** Adding these - Maxxima MLN-10 LED Night Light with Sensor -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- already in 3 outlets on dark side of room - and one will never stumble around 3 desks and 4 bookcase cabinets.If U have one that is inactive -LSB- unplugged -RSB- for a while - plug in - it will take a day or so to get going again - thot one had burned out - it had n't . These allow room for surge bar plugs under them when placed in top of the outlet
 I purchased one of these and loved the design . Unfortunately , it did not work so I sent it back . I ordered another one and this one did not work either . Enough said .
 I liked this item at first and it worked ok for the first couple of months then just quit . I tried new batteries but had no luck .
 This was perfect -LRB- was using it to light the top of our stairs at night -RRB- until the motion sensor just stopped working .
 The Maxxima Sensor light has a mind of it 's own and only works on the sensor mode occasionally . The light is not very bright but would work nicely as a nightlight IF it was reliable . Too bad it is n't .
 It worked for two weeks and stopped . The light is much less than a small candle . It would not provide safety for walking more than 5 feet from it . Do n't waste your time or money on such a shoddy piece crap .
 I used this in my bathroom so do n't have to turn light on in middle of night , and it worked great for a month or so . Then all of a sudden it stopped so i figured it was the batteries but after putting new ones in i found the sensor was not working anymore .
 The light worked for about 8 months and then the LED light stopped responding . I would have returned the item if it had been in the return period
 I purchased this because it was cheap . As a screwdriver for light jobs it works fine . What I do n't like is the ratcheting mechanism . For example , when you try to screw with it , if the screw is loose or medium loose you ca n't take advantage of the ratcheting . Because every time you try to use it the screw will move backwards . It 's not until your screw is tight that you can really enjoy the ratcheting mechanism . I decided to purchase a Stanley 68-010 10 and it 's much better . It goes for about 3 dollars more than this one here at Amazon and it 's well worth the price . Plus the handle on the Stanley is bigger and made of rubber .
 I 've used this driver for the past two years , and the ratchet mechanism has started to fail . When turning it under load -LRB- which is something one does pretty often with a screw driver :D -RRB- it slips into the `` locked '' position . It looks like the setting is held in place by a spring-loaded metal ball secured between two plastic ridges . Those ridges have worn down , allowing the ball to slip .
 Bought 12 of these bulbs less than 2 years ago . At $ 7 per bulb , you expect them to truly last . Installed about 6 of them right away . Now less than 2 years later -LRB- I know it is less than 2 years as I have only been in my house 20 months -RRB- 4 of these bulbs have burned out . I called Feit ... they started asking about power surges , etc. . None of my 6 computers or three stereos or 5 televisions are having any power problems . They want me to package up the bulbs for review -LRB- and I suspect rejection -RRB- , I think I will pass . Beware ! they do not live up to spec in any way !
 I do n't know if these other reviewers are shills - or have so much modern din going in their houses that they do n't notice but , I 'm going to return these bulbs . We bought two three packs for all the recessed living room and hall lights here -- and I `` ran tests '' ... and they make unacceptable noise at full power ... and a lot more noise when dimmed . Maybe nobody reads anymore ...
 I use herbicides sparsely but I do spray poison ivy every year . Do n't get me wrong , Roundup for Poison Ivy is a reliable product . I was excited to find 24 oz concentrate -LRB- in the rectagular container -RRB- at a price that saved over $ 10 per container over Home Depot prices ... so I ordered three . Before I was notified that my order shipped , I noticed the photo of the container changed to the premixed spray bottle . I tried to stop the order but was notified the next day that it had been shipped . I returned it for credit . The good news is , my Chapin sprayer works great ... `` You get what you pay for ! ''
 DO NOT waste your ' money on this . Any roundup product sold by this misinformed company will not work . Also , you will do better to purchase locally . If you have a problem with the product you will have a better chance getting your money back ! Rather than dealing from out of state . Never know what you might wind up with !!!!!
 This is the strongest suction I have ever encountered in a vacuum ! Gobbled up dust , dirt and spilled water on the garage floor . But when I tried to get water out of a carpet , the intense suction would not allow the vacuum to move . Not forward , not backward ! The info never said it was for bare floors only . I had never had a shopvac before , perhaps this is common knowledge . If you need to clear any uncarpeted floors , this is for you !!! Unfortunatelyi , I had to return it because I need it for carpet too . Perhaps some sort of re-design would let it work on carpet . The brush on the one tool did n't hold it off the carpet high enough , and that suction just attached itself to the carpet !
 Very dissapointed . I was looking for one that that would be powerful , but I did n't need a huge tank . This is n't much different than a cheap vacuum . It does n't pick up much . I would hate to see what the lower horsepower models do .
 this vac is easy to use but the filter stinks and it doe n't have any power would return it but would have to pay to do that so guess i am out 80 dollars . I had one that had less hp it was 2 time more powerful I hate it and really hate that with amazon you ca n't really return unless you want to be out a arm and a leg . Wo n't buy anything of much value from them again
 I have to agree withe the comments regarding the bags , and how much they cost to ship . Shipping is almost as much as the cost of the bags . Shop-Vac does n't seem to realize how great this vacuum is . All the others they make tip over . This one actually stays upright , and it 's powerful as well . If you use this vacuum a lot you 'll be spending more than the price of the vacuum every two months on the cost of the bags and shipping ! How expensive can it be to manufacture a bag , and why does it cost so much to ship ?
 The only problem I have with these little Shop Vacuums is if you need a bag , good luck finding the right one that fits . It seems they make thousands of these Vacuums and only a specific bag to fit that model , that they do n't sell where you buy the vacuum . The Shop Vac I have is so worthless now , I went and bought a rigid to replace it , because I could get bags for it .
 Disclosure
 I have one of these E87 series vacuums as shown and have used it infrequently forabout five years . Bags are expensive but I found a site online where they were halfwayreasonable in price and bought a bunch . It has been a very useful vacuum overall andI would have given it a four star rating but it suddenly died today ! No warning , justdied shortly after startup . This is NOT acceptable ! It the first vacuum I 've EVER hadthat just quit working . No fuse is shown in the diagram so who knows what may be wrong ?
 Received this product and was quite excited about it . Very stylish from the photos.First , the packaging was a nightmare -- styrofoam that broke apart into itty bitty pieces all over the place.Once I finally got it assembled , turned it on , and the there was barely any light . It uses 3x40W candelabra bulbs ... but it barely seemed like as much light as an old dying flashlight.Tried using this lamp directly above a chair . Not enough light to read , much less provide lighting for a room of any size . Not even enough light to provide mood lighting.And I find the on/off switch -LRB- A floor switch -RRB- to be extremely inconvenient . For this price , a touch on/off or a discreet knob on the stand would be expected.Returning this since it does n't do anything other than look pretty . Would be a very nice lamp if it actually provided light .
 I do n't particularly care for this now that I 've got it and am trying to organize my Dremel around it . First , while the two see through side areas have plenty of molded holes in the plastic , they are pretty close together and are n't really practical . I would guess you can use every other one , maybe up to two thirds if you have a bunch of skinny bits or extra mandrels . Once you flip it open , you are no better off . The inside of the case is under sized and you ca n't fit any of the `` kits '' like the sanding and grinding or cleaning and polishing in there.I would suggest letting this one go . I 'm thinking that I 'll put this out for recycling and move my Dremel into a fishing tackle box . Should have thought of that from the start .
 I purchased a full package deal with my dremel . I have eight attachments and tons of tools . I thought this tool box would suit my needs . It does not . It does n't even hold all of the accessories that came with my dremel . It also is solid plastic . The hinge for the lid is a strip of thin plastic , it is n't even a real hinge . I would have paid $ 5 for this box , not $ 20 . Do yourself a favor and spend the same amount for a better box -LRB- fisherman 's tackle box -RRB- at K-Mart , Wal-Mart , or Meijer .
 I fully agree with several others that have reviewed this item ... `` for it 's chintzy build and limited space , for accessories , it 's not worth the price '' . Money better spent would be for a good , well made , tackle box for the same amount and you sure would n't have to `` wait 3 to 5 WEEKS ?? '' to have something shipped to you , that you 'll end up being disappointed in , when you receive it . -LRB- What do they do ; make one of these , every time one is ordered ? -RRB- Mine , went to my grandson for his little cars , my Dremel and all my many accessories are in a Plano-multi level tackle box !
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 I would rate myself as a woman with slightly more upper body strength than average . That being said , I could not get this item to work , whatsoever . My husband was able to , but watching him it was evident that this is NOT an easy tool to use . I have several boxes of wire to strip and I 've found that a utility knife does the trick much easier . Knowing what I know now , I would not waste the money .
 It is bull I have been waiting for over a month and have not gotten it do not bye do not bye
 This is was prescribed as a replacement for the horizontal rod for a older 25902 faucet . This was what the manufacturer recommended as a replacement . However it does to fit . The clip does not attach to the clevis . The metal projection to hold the stopper is not the right length . This new version has a plastic cap . Which is a better design but the wrong length . The one that would fit is the Price and Pfister which is listed on this page . So a non Delta product will work for the Delta product . Otherwise purchase the whole pop up assembly . That is an rp62472 .
 I liked the design . It comes in 3 parts and the middle part is plastic ! For $ 155I expected solid quality all around . Returning to Amazon was easy -- great customer service !
 Item was not as pictured . Item did not appear to be new as was stated .
 I looked at many sites and stores for knobs that were n't too exspensive , but did n't look cheap . These knobs fit the bill . They are beautiful and excellent quality .
 This showerhead would be fine if all you desired was a relaxing shower to take away the stress of the day.If you wash your hair with shampoo or use soap to cleanse yourself , you may want to think again . In a house with rather strong water pressure I was frustrated by the showerhead 's complete inability to rinse shampoo out of my hair in a reasonable amount of time . Note that I did , in fact , remove the restrictor washers that limit the output of water ... Find another showerhead .
 I 'm not sure where the list price for this item comes from . I have seen it quoted at over $ 500 , but it 's hard to see what would justify that price . I bought it on a Friday sale for about $ 20 , and that was too much . Pretty to look at , but its function as a shower head is very poor . Even with the flow restrictor removed , it dribbles water - lots of water , though and your hot water tank will empty in minutes . It has already been de-installed and replaced with a Water Pic . Do n't waste you money or time . With a little thought to the nozzle construction , this could have been a pretty shower head that gives a good shower . As it is , you 'd get a better shower from a gallon milk jug with nail holes punched in it . Amazon would be doing its customers a favor by NOT carrying items like this one . Caveat Emptor !
 Unless you have TONS of water pressure , this shower head is useless . We have decent pressure and the water sorta dribbles out . I had a similar $ 15 unit I bought at Lowes that worked a lot better than this one.It 's very well made and all but I like more water hitting ME in the shower than the shower floor .
 I had my plumber try to install this in the course of putting in a new bathroom . As he tightened it on , it broke right off .
 This is a small showerhead with no pressure to brag about . I would not recommend it for someone who wants to be able to rinse out their hair easily . Attractive but not a good performer .
 Product is fine but there are packaging problems from this vendor . The first shipment was damaged in transit . The box was smashed on one end and the filter frames were torn and the filters crushed on one end . The vendor responded immediately and shipped a replacement at no cost . This was great but the second shipment was also damaged . The box was bent and the filters were creased . The frames were damaged and the filters would not straighten out . I would not buy filters in this shape from a brick and mortar store . The problem is that because of the physical dimenions of the shipment -LRB- long , wide but narrow -RRB- the light weight container with no reinforcement used by the vendor is not sufficient to protect the shipment .
 I really like the look and size of this lock . It is just the right size and sturdiness for a gym locker . Unfortunately , the lock has a tendancy to have the code you set slip -LRB- meaning if you leave it open and throw it in your bag , the combination may change as it rolls around -RRB- . I had this lock for about a week before I had to have it cut off because the combination was not what I had set it to be .
 I bought two -LRB- 2 -RRB- Pelican M6 2330 LED Flashlights to take with me to an off-shore job site . I failed to check them before I departed . The tail cap on one flashlight ca n't be removed ! It seems to be froze one . Yes , I tried a wrench ! I also tried installing the batteries from the other end . Flashlight does not work . The second flashlight the tail cap will not thread on to the flashlight body . If you get a chance to look at one , check out the treads . You will see it is made of some type of soft pot-metal , and it 's galled up and crosses really easy . It 's not made of steel . Simply put , these things are junk . They look to be well made , black finish , etc. . Reminds me of a quality Surefire light , but I can assure you that these are junk , and not even close to Suefire quality . I sent a note to Pelican 's Customer Service , but so far they have ignored my concerns . $ 150.00 waste of money .
 After about a year , the push button switch on my unit does not operate reliably . I 've had it apart numerous times to try and find something wrong with it , but there are no obviously broken parts . The switch end cap can be disassembled to some degree , but not completely . There are some parts that ca n't be removed , and I expect the problem lies within those parts . Usually , just taking it apart and reassembling it , will cause the switch to start operating normally . Unfortunately , the problem returns after a while . I need something more reliable , so I 'm going to buy something different . The construction of the M6 seems to be quite durable , so it 's too bad the switch has problems . Because of the switch problems , I can not recommend this product .
 It took every bit of time allotted to get it . My son brought a Bostich home from work the first day I worked on a 12X22 room and I worked very well . It came and the first problem I had was changing out the cleat . I had to bend the cheap allen wrench the get the one that was on it off . It was difficult all the way like it had not been machined well . The mallet came with other instructions on how to tighten the head which got loose after a very short period of time . I had to crank up the air pressure to get it to set the staples well beyond the Bostich tool and still had problems with staples that did not fully seat . I have had to buy a nail set for staples to have if I am going to continue to use it . It did not jam but did not perform as well as was reviewed .
 I do home repair and remodeling for a living , and needed a nail gun for the one job I am on , after reading the reviews I decided to order this gun . This nailgun is poor at best , the base plate was not cast properly , so they ground off most of the high spots leaving abase that wobbles and slips off the board easily , but still left a sharp lip on the front , the mallet that can with it had a loose head it also does not drive the nails deep enough into the wood so you have to counter sink about 60 % of them . Do not beleive that this is a $ 599 dollar deal , this is a cheap made in China piece of garbage , Do yourself a favor and spend the $ 400 on a Bostitch MIIIFN then when you are done you can sell it on ebay and get $ 250 or so back , it will end up costing you about the same , but your job will go smoother and faster . I have sent this back and ordered the Bostitch which have have been using all week , the differance is like night and day . P.S. keep watching , I will probably have it up for sale on ebay in about 2 weeks .
 Silly me . I though all nailers allowed both 16 and 18 gauge cleats . Users recommend 18 gauge for solid 5/8 inch bamboo -LRB- Trillium -RRB- but manufacturer states either can be used . I tried 16 gauge and worked the compressor right up to 125lbs and it still would n't drive the cleats all the way in . I then bought the Bostitch MIIIFN on the advise from a Home Depot rep who told me it takes either . After the reading manual , it only takes the one Bostitch size which is 16 gauge . I tried it with the 16 gauge cleats . Using the recommended 3/8 '' NPT , it drove the cleat way into the boards at 90lbs . I adjusted and settled at 50 Lbs to drive the cleats to the proper depth , at or a hair below flush . The Bostitch worked flawlessly and is really really built well . I 'm about to finsh the rest of the house in a 3/4 '' hand scraped oak and I 'm sure the Bostitch will work great . It now comes with a set of shoes to accomodate most flooring thicknesses . I sold the Akuzuki .
 This nailer is good for the price but jams too often . It also arrived damaged and wo n't fit or shoot any `` L '' cleats . So far I have installed 600 sq/ft of hardwood with it but it is defected and will be returned , I purchased another Nailer from NuMax at cheaper price but so far it has n't jammed once and it drives the stapler all the way through every single stroke . This Akuzuki looks the same , but does not work the same as the NuMax which is cheaper and better . I had to pull so many stapler out because a lot of times it would shoot it in only half way ! Very time consuming if you ask me .
 I have had this nailer for 4 years worked great . I have had to do Minor maintenance on it -LRB- replacing o-rings , tightening things up -RRB- . Only had one job in the 4 years were it jammed.Only problem is I am out of the o-rings that came with the nailer , my assistant had the psi on the compressor jacked up and we blew an o-ring . I ca n't find a way to get a hold of Customer Service to get a new -LRB- or three -RRB- overhaul kits . An o-ring form the local hardware store was not the right size and did n't work . So I am left with having to rent a gun to finish the job I am on now . And I will probably have to buy a new one before my next job.Would love to continue to use this product as it works amazing , but can not afford to be left in the dark when it needs servicing . If it where not for the service issues I would give it a 5-star rating . If you only where doing one job and then going to sell or put the gun in the garage this is a great option . For every day use , you need something with more customer support .
 I purchased this flooring nailer on Feb 12 , 2012 . I did not start to use the nailer until March . I managed to get through one stick of Bostich L-cleats and it began to jam , and it jammed and it jammed and it jammed.I was past my 30 day return period so I reached out through Amazon to send an email to the manufacturer to take advantage of the 12 months warranty - no response!I then sent an email to the address in the handout included with the nailer - no response!I searched as best I could to find a real address for Akuzuki and could not find one in the U.S. or elsewhere . I did a whois search on their non-funtioning -LSB- ... -RSB- and they are hiding their identity.DO NOT BUY THIS NAILER - PERIODI am willing to change my review if Akuzuki ever responds to my warranty claim .
 The Akuzuki Contractor Pro Series floor nailer was ordered from Amazon on 10/06/11 and arrived about a week later . It sat in the box until after Christmas - was a Christmas gift from my wife to me so we could install about 1000sq . ft. of 3/4 '' oak hardwood flooring . After Christmas we started tearout and then started installation . I read the manual , followed all the instructions -LRB- including proper air pressure -RRB- , used the lube provided and purchased Bostitch FLN 200 flooring nails . All went well for the first box of nails -LRB- 1000 -RRB- . About half way through the second box , we started getting jams where it appeared the the nailer was trying to feed the primary nail and part of the next nail . The result was the primary nail was driven about half way home in the flooring and the the next nail was jammed in the nailer . This required disssembly to clear the jammed nail and reassemble . Things degraded to the point where three out of four strikes with the hammer resulted in jams . I carefully looked for anything that could be causing the piston driver to hit part of the second nail . I also tried several different boxes of nails all with the same result . I determined that the plate that stops the primary nail was slightly bent allowing the primary nail and a small part of the second nail to be in a position to be hit by the piston driver . At that point I emailed support@akuzuki.com on 01/14/12 for help as explained in their manual . I got no response of any kind and still have not to this time -LRB- 6 weeks later -RRB- . I could find no phone number for Akuzuki , so I attempted to email the vendor through Amazon 's system on 01/19/12 . Again no response of any kind to this date . I then got a rental unit from Home Depot to continue with the job . This is exactly what I did not want to do in buying the Akuzuki nailer . The Home Depot nailer worked fine with my nails and compressor.Any one can get a defective nailer , but this terrible customer support is unacceptable . I would recommend not buying this nailer strictly on the lack of any customer support . This has been without a doubt the most frustrating experience I have ever had with a tool bought online.On the other hand Amazon has been a pleasure to work with in that they allowed me to return the unit for credit minus a restocking charge . I requested a full refund , but since the unit sat for two months in the box , I was beyond the point for a full refund . It was my fault that I ordered it well before I knew I would need it.I have taken the time to write this review so that you would know what to expect in the way of customer support . Buyer beware applies here .
 I reviewed this with the Square N Tape combo . Poor quality.More words More words More words More words More words
 This product came out of its packaging . I sent it back and a new one was sent to me .
 The product did arrive on time and in good condition but it was not what I thought I was ordering and my husband did not want it . I filled out the return request and still have n't heard anything back . It is still in the box , sitting in my basement .
 I would not recommend this product . Due the fact , that the write up and product information is not totally correct . Deerso , the seller of this product , after several attempts has yet to return any correspondence that I have tried with them . when contacting World Marketing the distributor they explained to me that The operating pressures stated are not correct . I then had to purchase a second regulator to handle the increased pressure . I then had to pay a second service call charge to have it installed and adjust . THIS PRODUCT IS NOT REPRESENTED VERY WELL . THE SELLER DEERSO HAS NEVER CONTACTED ME AFTER NUMEROUS TRIES , TO BACK UP THEIR PRODUCT . I FEEL THIS COMPANY SHOULD BE BANNED FROM SELLING ANYTHING ON AMAZON .
 I ordered this product to be able to spot `` accidents '' by our elderly cat , but this is n't a real blacklight . It does n't fluoresce on anything except reflective white items . It 's going back .
 First , upon looking at the flashlight , it is really quick to determine there are only 3 leds in this product , not 9 ... Ok , I 'm all for replacing 9 low-output LEDs with 3 high output ones , but the product also does n't work as advertised , so this is just additional proof the product is n't the one in the description . . It even had a printed label on the back calling it a 9-led light.The description of this product specifically describes itself as being 380nm longwave , not 395nm and that it will fluoresce urine , ID , s etc , better than other LED blacklights . I say the sellers are blatantly mistaken about their product -LRB- or their supplier radically changed it on them to a much cheaper product -RRB- . The light appears blue to the eye , and would not fluoresce many things . For reference I tested it against a 20w woods glass fluorescent lamp . Yes the tube is much higher output , much purer and broader-spectrum UV than I expect out of a LED , but I used it to prove the items in question would fluoresce in blacklight.-20 dollar bill , the security strip glows green in blacklight , but not this light.-Maryland state ID , bright green `` Maryland '' stamps all over it in black light , but not this light.-My cat 's litter box - urine spots glowed green , this light caused nothing to glow.-CFL bulb , tube glows green in blacklight , but not this light.-B vitamin complex in water , glowed STRONG green-yellow in blacklight , no glow in this light-a drop of clear liquid laundry detergent - glowed purple-white in blacklight , looked clear in this light.-My teeth , freshly brushed with whitening toothpased - glowed strong yellow-green in blacklight , only had a trace of orangish-red with this light that was mostly drowned out by the blue visible light -LRB- different color due to only higher-end UV ? -RRB- I got a mild reaction out of a bright `` neon orange '' plastic toy and white paper , but nothing nearly as strong as the woods glass tube which made both glow so bright it was hard to look at.While I do n't expect a LED blacklight to be as strong , or as broad spectrum as the woods glass , I * DO * expect it to at least light up the urine and ID since they specifically mention it in the description . I 'd also have expected it to light up some of the `` easy '' targets like the detergent and B vitamins.I can only conclude this is now a `` mostly blue '' LED flashlight , with a very small amount of barely-UV in it.It 's getting returned , as this product is clearly mis-advertised .
 piece of junk buyer beware ! would not buy another , does not work well with UV inks , perhaps stains ewww . . but not inks . .
 This flashlight was completely non-functioning when received . Put new batteries in it , tried fifty different ways to get it to work . Total junk - do n't waste your money or time -LRB- just spent more of my time writing a review than the thing 's worth -RRB- . Ca n't even give the piece of garbage a ZERO on stars !
 This product is not as advertised . There are only 3 LEDs , not 9 as advertised . The wavelength is not 380nm as it appears mostly blue and does very little to fluoresce items that should light up . I feel like I 've been ripped off .
 The accuracy of the tape is so poor I could not use this tape measure.When cutting wood I noticed sometimes my measurements were off by as much as 3/32nds . I laid this tape measure against another tape measure and a 48 '' steel measure and both the other measure and the steel measure are in perfect alignment , but with the Fastcap you can see where the markings are off for part of the tape , then go back into alignment.It makes a good toy for my 3year old granddaughter .
 I thought I would really like this tape , but find I hardly ever use it . For general use , a conventional metal tape measure works better and faster , as you can often work one-handed and there are things you simply ca n't do with the Flatback . The Flatback tape ALWAYS requires two hands to use , and I do n't need the write-on capability . The single thing the Flatback does best is measure around curves . In response to the reviewers that wrote about accuracy , for most purposes the absolute accuracy of a tape does n't matter - what does matter is using the same tape for measuring that you do for , say , cutting . When I need real precision I reach for a steel rule anyway . You can also compare tapes and rules so you know the error margins within which you are working .
 I 'M UNUSUALLY DISSATISFIED . DO NOT BUY IT IF YOU PLANNING TO MEASURE INSIDE CIRCLES ; IT DOESN 'N WORK .
 Smooth running machine w / tight fit and feel . Quality components . Dust collection needs improving . No option given for dust bag . Cast miter scale gets covered w / sawdust as does magnified pointer -LRB- Keep an air nozzle handy ! -RRB- I ended up using a `` Sharpie '' to make some of the angles more visible . Dust gets into bevel lock down causing saw head to slide down to 45 ' bevel , even during a cut . Customizable miter stop feature allows for one stop only ... not very helpful when doing crown , base or other cuts where you need a corresponding angle . Fence extensions do not slide far enough out of the way and must be disassembled to reach certain compound angles . Miter lock handle quickly became loose and fell off . Trigger safety button would be nice . Quality laser would be nice . I 've owned this saw for about a year and still ca n't get used to it . I find myself going back to my nine-year-old Makita LS 1211 . I would not buy this saw again .
 I was very disappointed with this product . I have bought and used Schlage products for over twenty years and this is the first time I have ever been disappointed with one of their products . The finish did not match the finish on the pictures listed with the item AND the usual Schlage quality was not there mechanically . I would NOT recommend anyone buy this handleset .
 This item also I paid more to have it shiped then the price of the item .
 The 44 kitchen cabinet pulls I purchased on Amazon did not match the quality of the same pull I bought at WalMart . The white porcelain bead fit very snugly and neat on the back side of the pull on the WalMart pull . None I purchased on line looked that nice . I suspect the ones on line to be seconds . Of course , I paid $ .76 less a piece for the ones on line . Silly me I thought I was getting a bargain .
 Cheap and poorly made , looks like something that would come from China . Definitely not to be used as a clamp , ergo what 's its purpose ?
 great clamp idea , especially for 2X4s . BUT , the screw mechanism is made of a very weak metal and strips out easily . Too Bad , it 's a great idea .
 In this case you get what you pay for . Feels cheap . Do n't bother unless you do n't care about having cheap disposable tools .
 Recently bought a pair of these clamps for gluing up some small picture frames . One side of one clamp wo n't tighten , the quick release mechanism keeps ratcheting to the next notch . Currently in the process of returning the defective clamp and obtaining a replacement . The other clamp works fine , but 1 defective clamp out of a sample size of 2 does n't look good for this product .
 This plate was less than average quality and it was undersized from what I had ordered before from another seller . The paper was coming loose around the edges and I can see white on the edge . I had to repaint the screws to match the color of the switchplate .
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 I was at a newstand in the city the other day , perusing the new months issues of Voluptuous , Black Tail , and MILFs over 60 , when suddenly a large crash sounded right near me . Something had been dropped or fallen from a large high rise building and almost hit me on the head . I looked and to my shock and dismay , it was this 70 pound cast iron anvil . Somebody had deliberately dropped this anvil out a window , trying to hit me on the head , because there was no construction in the area . I suspect some Amazon executive thugs are behind this . Needless to say , as I wheel around the city now , I am very watchful for falling anvils like this one . It appeared to be of good solid construction , and had it hit me , would certainly have smashed my skull like a crushed watermelon . I decided to keep it and will use it when the appropriate circumstance arises . One should never be without a good solid anvil around . Luckily , I now have a personal bodyguard whose sole job is to keep a watch out for falling anvils and safes and whatnot and to save me or take the hit if he sees one falling .
 Wow it does n't take much to be an anvil , but this thing falls short in just about every direction except heavy . It 's painted with a nice hammered finish . . why would you paint an anvil ? Oh now I see to hide all the rust underneath . It looks nothing like the picture . Nothing is flat or smooth or round like it should be . They spent more time casting the big china in the side than anything else . The pic does n't show that either . Oh well a week with a grinder and maybe i can make it look like an anvil . Weather it will perform like one is another thing altogether . Northern Industrial if this is what you sell I do n't want anymore .
 This anvil is * not * hard steel . You will definitely leave marks/dents in the anvil .
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 I purchased 3 of the FastCap Speed clip for my tape measure . I use them at work in retail building materials . The first lasted 2 days , the second nearly 3 . The material is very brittle and breaks when any stress is placed on it . Two broken , the third on my desk to remind me to think twice , order once .
 This product is not worth even this low of a price . The clip itself is made of very flimsy plastic . The part that slips over your belt or pocket bends out at the slightest tug , making it not secure to your belt or pocket . The hole for sliding the clip of your tape measure in is too small for 25 ft. tapes . Just barely big enough for 16 ft. The pencil holder wont hold you pencil for long , the plastic sleeve loosens up almost immediately . In short , save your 99 cents .
 This thing is a piece of junk . It 's made out of one piece of plastic and the `` pencil holder '' breaks very easily . Do n't buy it .
 This holder is stupid ... its slot is too small for ANY tape measure clip to fit into . Do n't bother even using this as a filler ... at least find something that is useful .
 I am a contractor who uses a tape measure ALL the time . I need mine to be with me and accessible easily . I purchased this product after my previous holders metal clip had worn to the point of no longer being able to securely hold the tape measure in place . They now only offer one of those stupid pouch style versions . I had that holder for about three years . This plastic piece of GARBAGE lasted two weeks before breaking in half right at the point where it angles . Learn from my mistake , spend the couple extra bucks , and buy the Klein version
 My husband purchased this product for use in a cabinet shop and on installs . It broke in the first couple days of use . The company offered to replace the product , but my husband declined . He said it was just too fragile for the intended work environment and would simply break again . The company offered a refund , but to obtain a refund we 'd have to ship the broken product back to them and doing so would cost more than the refund itself .
 I liked the idea of some sort of holster to protect my pocket . Tapes easily destroy them fairly quickly . This thing is not up to the task . It 's too flimsy . Even the pencil holster quickly became too loose to hold anything and the sharpener was misaligned and would n't sharpen a pencil .
 Broke within a week , they must have changed the plastic as I had had these in that past and they lasted for months , this one just cracked for no reason . It 's a shame because its a great idea , better than the magnetic options , just poorly made . I 'm going to try to fix it with epoxy .
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 THESE BITS ARE GREAT . HOWEVER , BUYING FROM THIS SELLER WILL BE A NIGHTMARE TO TRY TO CORRECT . AD SAYS PACKAGES OF 3 . NOT SO !! IT 'S A PACKAGE OF 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- SINGLE BIT !!!!!!
 I ordered twenty bulbs for the two fixtures in each of my bathrooms . The light is nice and bright , and the turn on is quick , but within a couple of months , two of the twenty bulbs burned out.I contacted the seller , and although he provided me with a replacement , he chided me that these bulbs are not made for bathrooms -- that the humidity is bad for them . Are you kidding me ? They show a bathroom vanity strip light right on the box!Now , with a couple more months passed , two more have burned out , including a couple that were replaced.Do not buy !
 I bought these light bulbs 2 years ago , so far 4 of the 12 have burned out . Not a good investment . No company contact info to get them replaced or recycled .
 I debated getting this , but I did anyway ... And after a couple of cuts , this `` saw '' is off to Goodwill.First of all , although the saw shows degrees of cut from 0 to 45 each side of the center line , you can only effectively use the limited number of preset -LRB- notched -RRB- degree settings . So unless you are making a 4 , 5 , 6 , 8 , or 12-sided item , you 're out of luck . I needed to do 42 and 21-degree cuts . No dice.But do n't worry , it wo n't even do a 90-degree cut correctly . The stock I tested it on did the 90-degree cross-cut OK , but it also added a 2-degree bevel . So if you-re planning on doing any work with stock much more than 1/8-inch thick , things will never fit together properly.This is probably due to the lame mounting of the vertical guide rods . The included allen wrench was make of metal so soft that by the time I finished tightening -LRB- finger tight only -RRB- the set screws for those guides , I had managed to put a 240-degrees of twist on the wrench.This `` tool '' is junk .
 I had hoped this would be a high quality mitre box and saw without the high cost of a powered one . I was wrong!This mitrebox broke after cutting only 5 2x2s . Below are my reasons why I will not recommend this product to anyone : -- the yellow cam pins are only minimally beneficial and feel like they are low quality toys -- The blade assembly , the black plastic guides to keep the blade straight , are very cheap plastic and broke . -- The Lenght Stop , used to allow the user to cut multiple boards all at the same length , is cheap and difficult to use -- The surface of the mitrebox should be the height of a board size
 I bought this stanley miter product to replace my Craftsman clamping miter , which I recently ran over with my car . Alas , Craftsman no longer sells this particular model anymore.The Stanley product is similar , only not nearly as heavy duty and has plastic parts at critical areas , such as the blade guides . -LRB- My old Craftsman was all-metal and endured lots of projects before it met its untimely demise at the hands of mr. goodyear ... -RRB- Now , the blade guides can get torqued on with some significant forces . Bad idea to make these plastic . -LRB- I wo n't even mention the other plastic clamping parts . -RRB- In fact , the one I bought had these broken inside the sealed box . I suspect it was a return item . The blade guides simply wo n't last more than a few strokes , IMO . I will be returning this item . I 'm willing to pay good $ for a good quality one , so I 'll keep looking.Bottom line . Do n't waste your time on this one .
 Although Amazon promptly sent it off with free shipping and I was very excited to use this bad boy , it is simply not worth it . A very important piece of plastic -LRB- ? -RRB- was broken right out of the box making the unit utterly useless . It simply has too many plastic pieces and is not built well enough .
 Can not use it much . The one of the plastic piece holding the blade broke off right away . I can not even use it at all
 The picture of the product is very deceiving , I ordered this thinking it was somewhat heavy duty only to get the product and see that it was made of mostly plastic . I felt duped so I returned it for a refund and lost 10 dollars in the transaction because there was no damage to the product . I would recommend saving a bit more and buying a 10 '' miter saw .
 At first this was a passable tool and cut quite well . But after a while I came to realize that there is no way on Earth to get a replacement blade . I tried ordering it from three places and , finally , Stanley themselves . Even the Stanley employee was shocked.And lest you think that this was a temporary problem , it is not . It has been over a year since I first started looking . Today I decided to throw this one away and buy a better brand . Nice job Stanley . I will remember this every time I shop for a tool ; and you can bet that I will not buy Stanley if there is any other option .
 I needed something just a bit more useful than my old wooden miter box , so I got this at my hardware store . I am a single woman with an old house and just the occasional project . I 'm moderately handy , but this tacky tool just frustrated me to tears .1 -RRB- I do n't know for whom it is `` ergonomically '' designed , but its handle is cocked at an awkward angle and made my hand ache almost immediately . Trying to create eight cuts for a picture frame is a terrible struggle .2 -RRB- I have used it for three -LRB- very small ! -RRB- projects with soft wood moldings and the blade is already dull . I can not replace it anywhere -- there just simply are n't spare blades .3 . It is almost impossible to adjust off a simple 45 degree angle -- the cheap plastic base wo n't hold true.I ruined a picture frame trying to hack through it with this dull awkward tool . I 'm saving my pennies now for a powered miter saw .
 I was looking for a hand miter saw for cutting simple 45 miters on picture frame mouldings . I purchased this model at Lowe 's for $ 50 . First thing I noticed was the `` cam '' clamps left indents in the moulding rails when enough pressure was applied to keep the wood from shifting while sawing . Second thing I noticed was it was nigh on impossible to get a square cut on small -LRB- 1 inch -RRB- picture frame moldings . So the joins are not perfect enough to pass my standards . While a 1/64 inch gap on a 45 miter may be fine for carpentry , for picture framing the joins must be square , clean , and flawless . This product did n't do what I wanted it to do . I think the strange surfaces make it difficult to use clamps , the flimsy plastic parts have too much `` give '' to hold the steel parts steady , and the cam clamps are pretty useless .
 If a contractor showed up with this , I 'd kick him out in a heartbeat!First off , it does n't cut true -LRB- the 90 degrees setting is n't a true 90 , the 45 is n't really 45 and so on -RRB- . It has presets for 6 angles -LRB- 90 , 75 , 67.5 , 60 , 54 & 45 -RRB- and you ca n't set it to any other angle . There are so many plastic parts that the blade wo n't hold stable enough to cut a straight line and would probably break or wear out in less time than it takes to cut the baseboard for just one room -LRB- I gave up using it after 3 cuts -RRB- . The dogs to clamp your work come loose in just a few strokes of the saw and are only good for items thicker than 3/8 '' , they might as well not exist . The back stop is only 1-3/4 '' tall meaning that items much taller than that are not properly supported -LRB- not an issue with a power miter , but important with a manual one to get a clean and straight cut -RRB- . Save your money , this is worthless !
 I 've owned one of these saws for a few years , and I just broke it completely . I 'm not sure what I 'll replace it with , but it certainly wo n't be with the same model.If all you intend to cut is very small -LRB- 1/4 '' x 1 '' -RRB- pieces , this saw might be accurate enough for you , but do n't bet on it . For anything large , the initial contact point of the saw is okay , but the blade is too flexible -LRB- regardless of how much you tighten it -RRB- , and it will wander off of straight . Frankly , I can cut a truer cut with a standard hand saw.The plastic peg clamps work on lightweight work , but wo n't hold a two by four firmly enough to make cutting easy -- you 'll always want another clamp . The length guide is ridiculous . The height guides are difficult to set , but work effectively once set.What I did like about this saw , is it did provide a handy cutting station for small cuts . This is a useful feature , and , despite the lack of trueness , made the saw worth having . The angles were close enough for framing -LRB- house , not picture -RRB- work.Lastly , I accidentally bumped one of the uprights with something , and bent the base that holds the uprights . While trying to bend it back , I snapped the base -LRB- it is just thin cast aluminium -RRB- . This has ended the limited utility of the saw .
 The knife works , but the design where there is n't a switch to pull the blade back into the knife is inconvenient to say the least . You have to go fishing around inside the body of the knife in order to put a blade in place . Because it 's a hassle , it just sits in my toolbox and I use a swiss army knife or a multi-tool instead . Poor product design , not based around the user .
 I got the Stanley 10-799 as a Christmas stocking stuffer gift from my wife . Its a great looking , well balanced knife . But the functionality is poor . To begin with the blade does not retract as the picture would lead you to believe , it 's fixed . There is no way in the world to change blades easily , especially while wearing work gloves . You ca n't simply hang this knife on your shop peg board hook , it has no hole in the handle . A very poor design . btw , I told my wife it 's perfect ... shhh
 I had a entirely new garage door and chamberlain door opener with an additional Chamberlain 940D Wireless , Keyless Entry System , 315 MHz opener outside on the wall.The opener worked for a short time and then intermittently worked and did not work . after awhile the buttons stopped working with the 4 digit code . -LRB- contact issue -RRB- also sometimes when you change the battery the code erases and you have to reenter it . not very good quality .
 Beware . I ordered the 940D . Without notifing me they sent me a 377LM . The 377LM is available 15 % less from other Amazon vendors . I paid a premium because I wanted the 940D . I have contacted them to resolve .
 I ordered the chamberlain 940D wireless key pad but what I got was a standard garage door openerfor the car . Thought that maybe I messed up but when I looked up what I ordered I was right . Not worth the hassel to send it back but I was bummed . Not worth the hassel of trying to order it again . I just thought it would be nice to go with the new garage door opener .
 It does what it says . But the cheap plastic shell is in no way adequate for outdoor mounting , especially here in Minnesota . The mounting consists a single slotted hole on the back of the plastic case , which means it bobbles around as you try to use it and is easily knocked off . Instead of a rugged weatherproof keyboard , there 's an irritating plastic cover to flip up every time.The cheap construction makes it overpriced . And yes , I 'm sick of these plastic clam shell packages too . In fact I 'd say the packaging appears to be sturdier than the product .
 This should be the next product that Amazon requires to be in its new `` fuss-free '' packaging . The entire contents are contained in a nuclear-explosion-proof blister pack , multiple staples must be pried out of the folded-up instruction leaflet before it can be opened and read , the wireless keypad itself is encased in a huge sticky label that splits apart into a thousand little strips when you try to peel it away , and worst of all , the three of us could n't remove the battery cover , which is required in order to access the second hole for wall mounting and comes with no guidance other than `` slide it off . '' With what , a jackhammer ? I 'm stunned that the manufacturer went to such great lengths to make such a simple product as irritating to the consumer as possible . Thankfully , Amazon is extremely consumer-friendly with its generous return policies .
 The hammer was cracked when I got it and I had to replace it less than a week after I got it
 I do n't know if this is part of the design but the hammer is bent to the left . Looks great when not being used though .
 Do n't purchase this item . It 's plastic with an outside coating of metal . Very cheap and not worth the cost . I purchased another product through a repeatable retailer .
 Be careful on this . It 's advertised as a 5-pack . I only got ONE and there does n't seem to be any way to contact someone in `` Customer Service '' to get help.The product itself is fine
 Buy Plumbing sent the wrong faucet for the second time . Apparently they can not tell the letters DST from WF . I have now been without a faucet for over two weeks all thanks to Buy Plumbing . Never , ever buy from this company .
 Looked good when first received . Nasty looking double set of teeth . Tried on cardboard box . It did n't cut well ! I was shocked . My comparison was a serrated knife -LRB- a small Spyderco folder -RRB- that has less leverage but went through like butter . This one struggled a bit and we sent back .
 While it may be new , the device is junk . The frequency , amplitude and phase adjustments are not in `` real time '' , that is , when you turn the knob , the digits do NOT follow you as you turn it . There is a significant time lag which makes it particularly difficult to zero in on a particular value . More over , the device is very light and cheaply made . I do n't think that you could give it away to others once they see how it functions . That said , if you do n't care about what value of frequency , amplitude or phase , or are only interested in very ball park values , this may work for you . The output signal does not seem to be bad as measured on an oscilloscope . It 's the usability that is of concern .
 Great idea , good grip , good balance , good looks . What you do n't know until you buy it is that the fold-out blade is ground on one side only . This limits its utility , for instance , unless you are left handed it is impossible to sharpen a pencil or perform a similar shaving action . For the price I guess I would expect Stanley to include at least one utility blade too .
 Overall , I would think this item is way overpriced for the quality of the tool I received . I work in retail grocery for a living doing overnight stock so I know the value of a really sharp knife , and believe me , that blade is NOT sharp . On a scale of 1-10 I would rate the blade as only being a 4 in sharpness when right out of the box and after only a month of use cutting open plastic wrappings and tape from theovernight stock cases it has almost dulled down to a common butter knife . Plus I needed a screwdriver to open the knife to put in the utility blade . Its a good thing Ican figure out instructions by following diagrams , someone who is not used to figuring things out for themselves may have been really frustrated . My suggestionwould be unless you really need to have two knives in one you would be better offpurchasing a cheap utility and clip knife separately you can get at your average bar-gain store for $ 5.00 or less a piece .
 This remote control did not work with my Wayne Dalton 303 garage door opener . It was not universal at all and simply returned it .
 I can start by saying that I read a lot of different reviews saying this particular model was great and up to spec but when I got it out of the packaging and installed it on both of my garage doors , it just did n't work . By that I mean the usable range was just so short that I had to be within 2 feet of either unit for it to respond . If I was within those two feet , it worked like a dream and as stated , but that kind of operation is n't acceptable and I will still be searching for another option .
 First , this is a very comfortable hammer -LRB- grip , balance , and easy on the elbow -RRB- . The comfort comes at the expensive of keeping the vibration in the hammer.After every strike , the hammer continues to ring for a few seconds . I thought I had a 5 star hammer until I helped a friend build a shed . My elbow felt great , but the continuous ringing for 2 days was enough to drive me insane ! Even my friend was affected by the ringing while working several feet away.He had the 20-ounce Antivibe and it does not experience any ringing . I headed to Lowes to buy a new hammer and tested these two models in the store . I sampled several of the Antivie hammers on the shelf and the 16oz/20oz ringing/not ringing held true.If you can handle the extra weight , the 20oz Antivibe is a great hammer . It dampens the vibrations in a split-second . If you need a 16oz , I 'd continue to look elsewhere if you need to drive more than a dozen nails per project .
 Well , I have n't broken it yet , that 's the good thing . I like the kind of string they use and it seems to pass through the tip easy enough.Things I like about this chalk line : - sometimes quick rewind - good hook ... not all chalk lines have a good hook - good string - nice grip ... well , ok , its got rubber on the sides , a bit of an overkill to meeThings I do n't like : - Its huge ... most chalk lines are much smaller and take up less space in my belt . - that pop-out rewinder handle ... takes too long to get it out - the lock ... does n't work consistantly ... most lines you can just set the handle and it locks , not this one - the gears do n't like to work when you first fill it up ... maybe it can take 4 oz of chalk , but it wo n't rewind with that much in it !
 I do construction work and have used chalk lines for 45 years , and still do . Stanley makes some good tools . Stanley chalk lines are just about worthless . Does anyone ever try these thing at the chalk lab before they are released to the public ? Apparently not . I have tossed many brand new Stanley chalk lines into the woods and when I do , I do n't go get them . Save your money . Buy any other brand . I prefer Irwin myself .
 I did n't even get past the test stage before I found out how bad these are . Wish i 'd read the reviews here first.I bought it yesterday , filled it today and thought I 'd give it a quick test . I pulled the cord out to its extent and began reeling it in . I got about 3/4 of the way when the line started to bind . I thought it was the chalk interefering . Well , one more try - pull it back out and start over . Once it started binding again I tried to push through it . I stopped when I thought I 'd snap off the handle . When I tried to pull it out again , it would n't . I unscrewed the cap and found it was binding in the foam . Apparently the foam rubbed on the line and caused a ball of fuzz to form ahead of the line that then caused pressure on the line . This then stripped the first few cords off the line , rendering it useless . Strange but true . I 'll be looking elsewhere .
 What most of the reviewers say is true.-Difficult to wind when loaded with chalk . Stanley 's claim that it will hold a 4 oz bottle of chalk is correct , but you wo n't want to use it that way . The chalk gets in the plastic gears . It works best when the level of the chalk is low enough that the chalk falls away from the gears.-The string is tough but leaves a fat line . When I originally got mine , the string was tangled up inside . I had not expected a problem with a new tool -LRB- always the optimist -RRB- , so I immediately filled it with 4 oz of chalk . When I could n't get the string out , you can believe me that I pulled hard to `` resolve '' that problem , and to my amazement nothing broke . I had to take the new reel apart to fix the problem.-I will be using my old Strait-Line reel .
 I agree with the negative comments already posted :1 . The rewind handle is tough to pop out .2 . The pin does n't stay in as well as it should .3 . If you load it up with chalk , it tends to jam .4 . When loaded you still do n't always get good , even distribution of chalk on the line .5 . The line is an inexpensive cotton -LRB- as most are -RRB- and tends to give a `` wide line '' under certain conditions -LRB- mostly long snaps -RRB- .6 . It 's just too big to fit neatly in a tool belt . Anywhere .
 I was delighted when the shipment arrived earlier than expected . Once I opened the box , I was dismayed to find a bag of parts requiring assembly . One part , the oil reservoir was completely broken . I immediately sent the unit out for repair . Fortunately , the repairman was able to use parts from an old non-working unit to fix the new unit so it is operational . I lost additional time and funds in the process .
 I regret buying this sensor . The on/off switch gets bumped in a tool belt or box , which starts it beeping , and the only way to keep it from turning on is to pull the battery . The LCD screen is hard to read except from straight on , or in poor light . Although it beeps and shows different icons , it does not discriminate well , and does not pick up edges well . It is bulky and awkward to use on a jobsite . Spend your money on something else .
 This stud finder is worthless for finding studs . In my 1926-built house , it finds studs everywhere ! The darn thing never shuts up as it beeps away telling me `` Eureka ! I found a stud . '' NOT ! It does work for the wiring but I bought it as a stud finder . So far I 've bought three stud finders , all of them duds . Even on a brand new wall which I know had studs every 16 '' it still claimed to find them all across the 22 ' wall .
 I agree with the other reviewers that this product is useless . Do n't buy it . It constantly beeps where there are no studs , which can lead to your hanging a heavy item where there are no studs .
 I 've had this instrument for about 5 years and finally found some decent instruction on how to get it to operate.After reading the instructions on the finder and on the card that it was mounted/sold on I was unable to get it to work as advertised.The instructions are rather cryptic to someone unfamiliar with the operation of this particular `` tool '' , they were probablywritten by someone so familiar with its operation that pertinent information was omitted due to the writers familiarity with thequirks of its operation . After reading an amazon review for the intelli-sensor pro I was able to piece together enough informationthe get this particular `` brick '' operating , I did have to use of an unfinished room with exposed studs to help with the calibration.Once it was properly calibrated it found the edges of studs without too much trouble but metal in the wall made finding some studsproblematic ie The metal would prevent the stud from displaying on the finder correctly . Since you ca n't really select what your scanning forit can be distracting , the simple on/off/mode switch basic just lets you turn it on or off . I really do n't know what they meant by mode sincemultiple pressings of the button either turns it on or off and no transition in to another `` mode '' . Battery life seems good for extended storagereally ca n't say about extended usage . It is easy to turn on accidentally and is pretty noisy when it comes on . It does have a 2 position switch forvoltage detection but that 's about it on the controls .
 I tried 2 versions of the Stanley IntelliSensor , and both were equally worthless ... either beeping every 4 inches to indicate imaginary studs , or then missing wood or metal studs when placed over them!One calibrates this `` sensor '' by placing it flat over a portion of wall known to not have a stud till it beeps `` ok '' , then moving it flat over the wall . Problem is ... it ca n't find a stud to save its life!The guy at Home Depot said they had a few returned , and suggested tapping the wall to find one stud , and then measuring -LRB- I think it was 18 or 24 inches -RRB- to find the other regularly placed studs , once you found two a certain distance apart.Save your $ and tap the wall , or if you need something to do , grab a branch from a tree and make a `` witching stick '' . . it 'll work better , and cost as much as this should have cost .
 Got it , didnt last long and broke . Not sure if I will give Stanley another chance or not . At least they have decent warranties .
 As an electrical engineering student , we were required to purchase a multimeter and wire strippers for our lab this semester . While I did n't buy this product on Amazon -LRB- I purchased it from Walmart -RRB- , within 5-6 uses the wire cutter blade was deformed to the point of being unable to cut through small wires and none of the holes for the stripper were small enough to cut the wires we were given . If you are looking for a decent wire stripper/cutter , this is not it .
 I tried to save a few dollars in purchasing a number of Stanley products ... what a foolish mistake ... I should have gone with the better products -LRB- Klein , for example -RRB- ... this is nothing beyond mediocre .
 It is too big and too heavy for me too use , I have arthritis really bad in my hands and fingers . I thought it would be a lot smaller . They should have had a picture like this one in the submit add and then I would have known it was to big .
 I got the original filter with the water filter system and it worked great for more than the 6 months anticipated . The replacement filter worked fine for about 2 months , then I started seeing small white flakes floating in the water . I ran water through the filter to see if I could flush whatever it was out , but the flakes were still there . Pretty scary . I have n't bought another replacement filter for the system because I do n't want to waste another fifty bucks .
 The picture is black . Nowhere in the description does it mention that it 's bright yellow . I would 've payed more for a black one and I 'm very disappointed about this false advertising !
 The business end is s stumpy that you cant get it under anything that you want to pry open unless there is like a 3/4 &#34; gap or larger ... forget pulling nails or screws with this
 Item did not work when arrived . Since it was over 30 days by the time I got back into the country , the store would not exchange . Forget Robotoolz and attempting to contact them , impossible ! Finally prevailed on the seller and they exchanged it for me .
 I must have received a lemon . The unit i received was off by 1 '' + in 10 ' . I tried several different tests and it just was not accurate . I have already returned the item to Amazon and bought a Leica Disto A5.It cost a little more money but it is awesome .
 this tool BARELEY works , it does not work in freezing weather , the batteries must be removed or they die in a month , reguardless of temp . even with fresh batts it 's unreliable and shuts off by it self or gives error code.i use it for measuring siding footage and building hts for staging , because thats all it 's good for . i 'm a pro contractor and tool nut , and would have retured it had i not bought it at a trade show .
 The header just says it all . Could have been just a factory odd piece that passed happened to pass inspection .
 This broke after a couple hours of use at the point where the tip is attached to the handle . I 'm really not even sure how it was attached as I could see no evidence of a weld .
 This broke after a couple hours of use at the point where the tip is attached to the handle . I 'm really not even sure how it was attached as I could see no evidence of a weld .
 This broke after a couple hours of use at the point where the tip is attached to the handle . I 'm really not even sure how it was attached as I could see no evidence of a weld .
 The letters are so low profile that it is impossible to make an image , even on cardboard or tinfoil . The seller was very nice about letting me return the product , and I did so , but it cost me more in shipping costs than the price of the metal stamps . I suggested to the seller that they drop this item as it will not make anyone happy and will make them look bad .
 You really have to strike hard or several times for the image to be visible . Doing so usually causes the metal to bow - or you take out a finger , like I did . Save yourself some pain and trouble and opt for a better set of stamps .
 This product does not have enough force to stamp metal . Maybe it would stamp aluminum foil ? We bought the brass tags to stamp and they were too hard . This stamp did not even leave a scratch . We were so disappointed .
 First problem , stamps did n't fit in the punch tool . After filing down the stamps they fit , but the punch tool did n't have enough ` oomph ' to mark aluminum . Going old school and smacking the stamp by itself with a hammer -LRB- tough to hold because the pieces are so small -RRB- did n't even produce good markings because the raised letters were shallow and uneven .
 i received this set and the first thing i noticed is the cheap plastic case wont even latch shut , then i tired to use the punch and it would not work at all ... the tool was broke ! Ive messaged the seller several times and have been told that they are sending me a replacement ... but so far nothing !
 I already have a band-it tool that has a built in cutter and t-handle , but it 's bulky and falls apart . The pictured tool is what the first car dealership I worked at provided , and it worked great . Simple and compact . I ordered this twice before giving up . Each time I received what I already own . The tool has been drastically altered , but the item 's photo has not been updated . The tool works , but it 's not what I want .
 This wedge is obviously unhardened steel , The very first time I used it to split a piece of wood the pointed edge of the wedge flattened ! It is of no use to me now , a total waste of money .
 When my old cordless screwdriver I looked for a replacement . Chose this Hitachi because of 1 -RRB- Lithium power , 2 -RRB- Built in LED light . Initial reactions were positive , convenient , powerful , good features . Then I used it put up a friends window blinds . Not an excessive strain , but a lot of use with the clutch on approx 12 setting . Well , the clutch failed , started to spin freely . I set the clutch on max -LRB- drill setting -RRB- , still slipped . Researched warranty and fortunately it was covered . Sent it back to Hitachi -LRB- local Hitachi repair dealer had six weeks back log -RRB- . Got it back `` working per manufacturers spec '' . Just assembled TV stand . Started OK . Maybe something melted then re-solidified ? But clutch now totally broke . So ... I have a broken $ 70.00 tool and I am also out the $ 11.00 shipping it cost me to send it back . If I send it back again I can only expect another $ 11.00 wasted , based on brain dead Hitachi service.Let me say I am biased against Hitachi based on previous experience . I have owned a Hitachi Boom box , Hitachi shaver , and each has failed before it 's time . I will never ever ever buy anything Hitachi again , and my advice is that you should n't either .
 I bought this based on the great reviews that I saw on Amazon . I 've had it for several months now . It is sturdy and powerful , but what I do n't like about it is that when you have it in it 's normal , straight position and push hard on the end of it to put pressure on the the screw that you are trying to put in or take out , the screw driver collapses into it 's bent , L shaped orientation . There is no way to lock it into a straight orientation . Frustrating . Also it did n't come with a normal screw attachment , only one for Philips screws . What 's up with that ?
 I bought this product as I was preparing one house for sale and buying a fixer-upper . While the screwdriver has performed admirably with many people who 've borrowed it commenting on how great it is , it died just a few nights ago . The three or four times prior to it dying I had noticed that the chuck had been getting looser and that it did n't have the same amount of torque as when I bought it . The batteries were also not lasting as long . Being a technophile I understand that batteries ca n't last forever , but Li-Ion batteries should last for a while when they 're kept at a good charge level constantly.So I 'm disappointed that my trusty little screwdriver is not so trusty . To be fair , it lasted a decent amount of time through a lot of very hard work . When I did n't have my DeWalt 18v cordless drill handy for certain tasks , this screwdriver would drive drywall screws and decking screws all the way down to outlet faceplate screws . It 's not a bad product , but today , for nearly the same price I just ordered a DeWalt DW920K-2 which has a variable trigger as well . I 've had good experiences with my DeWalt tools and I hope the DeWalt version of this tool proves more durable.PROS
 O.K. so this is the most comfortable little cordless driver I 've ever come across . I have owned the 18v and the 14v DeWalts and they 're GREAT drivers/drills for the money . However , I needed something smaller and more versatile than trying to use my HAMMER DRILL to work on copiers ... I bought my first DB 3DL about 18 months ago ... I WAS THRILLED . . -LRB- at first -RRB- It was the handiest , most comfortable , longest-lasting battery I 'd ever used in a cordless device ... it was GREAT ! I wish my electric shaver had that much torque . I work on copiers for a living , so you can imagine the wear and tear on the hand/wrist after taking out THOUSANDS of screws in my 30 years of doing this kind of work . ` Nuff said.Once I got ahold of this Hitachi -LRB- which was a FAR better tool than the Black and Decker/Skil/Ryobis of its day -RRB- I fell in LOVE . Lots of torque , excellent balance and features , etc. . Then , it went bad one day . . I was heartbroken . Took it to the local Hitachi repair place . Bunch of jokers . 6 weeks and got it back STILL unrepaired . Seemed to work when I picked it up , then failed immediately afterwards . Just gave up after that on THAT driver.Bought another one shortly after -LRB- price had come down a LOT since I bought the first one -RRB- and this one has n't failed yet and it 's been about 6 months . It happens to be PERFECT for the work I do , which is mostly removing/reinstalling lots of machine screws , but I do n't know how well it would hold up putting wood screws in.Unfortunately , at 50 bucks , I 'm pretty sure Hitachi is n't going to do much for you on the product , so I have n't bothered contacting them yet . The way I look at it , if I have to spend $ 50 every six months on one of these things , I guess that 's the price I have to pay . EVERYTHING 'S being made cheaper and cheaper , so I guess I 'm not surprised . It just happens to be the perfect driver for my needs so I 'm going to have to suck it up and keep replacing them when they blow , I guess.If you need an `` all around '' tool around the house , this is a GREAT little driver . But do n't expect it to take the place of your DeWalt anytime soon ...
 I have had this drill in the closet for three years before I took it out of the box and used it to install a shelf in a closet . After a half hour of use , the clutch was stripped and I now have to send it back to Hitachi . I expected much higher quality but I guess this one is made for very light duty use .
 I bought this tool 4 years ago and it has worked great . Being in the electronics repair business , I use it quite a bit . All of a sudden it stopped running clockwise ; only counter-clockwise . I could only UN-SCREW ; no SCREWING possible . I am not near a Hitachi service center so I checked the website , emailed & called Hitachi customer service several times . No answers . The tool comes with a 5 year warranty . I am totally frustrated and if they do n't answer me soon I will never buy another Hitachi tool again .
 I 've had this screwdriver for a little over 2 weeks and it 's failed already ! Out of the blue , there 's some internal failure , either with the clutch mechanism or the internal gearing . When I try to use it , it just grinds away.I 've contacted Hitachi customer service for a replacement . I hope the replacement will be better than this one .
 I got this tool to replace my old Black and Decker -LRB- its old technology NI-Cad battery died and could n't be replaced -RRB- . The Hitachi has plenty of torque , an almost useful LED to light what you 're doing , and the bits change easily . It does not have variable speed , so it is somewhat difficult to use in certain situations . My biggest complaint is that after about 1.5 years , the unit failed . First , the tool began to work intermittently -LRB- motor ? switch ? -RRB- , so just when you get it positioned and ready to use , nothing happened . Finally , the clutch completely stripped . I do n't suppose that I 'll get another of these .
 I purchased this product for my wife , since it appears to provide a lot of flexibility in a small and light form factor . Thus my wife does n't need my 18v DeWalt . When we opened it and looked at it , the tool is clearly a right handed tool , based on the position of the on switch . A left hander can not manipulate it . I contact Hitachi and they said that 's all they have . We did not use the tool so it might be good if you 're right handed .
 Used for 2-3 years , trigger began to wear out . Just dropped it today from 3 feet on concrete now forward trigger does n't work . Always felt a bit clunky and the design looks like a mexican wrestler mask . Buying a Makita DF010DSE today to replace it .
 The clutch on my unit stripped the first time I used it . I had it set at maximum and was driving a 1.5 inch screw into pine with a pilot hole - very disappointing . I have used Hitachi tools in the past and loved them -LRB- their router is the best -RRB- . This one needs a little more work from Hitachi to meet the quality level of their other tools .
 You ca n't drive much with this drill , certainly no woodscrews or drywall screws.The controls are awkwardly placed and the light is a joke.It 's really only good for working inside a PC or other light gear with machine screws and threaded nuts/metal . I got it for free with the purchase of a Hitachi 18V drill , so I guess I ca n't complain too much .
 I was surprised to find that the drill comes with a case and extra battery but only one bit . Why would you sell a power tool with only one bit . And its a Phillips head bit . That 's like buying a car but they give you no gas in the tank . I just expected it to have a few bits . I had to spend another $ 35 for bits from hitachi . Some of those bits do not even fit his drill/driver . I will be very skeptical when buying online and hitachi products .
 I was a professional electricion for over 25 years . Back in the ' 80 's Millwaukee made the first of these , and quite possibly the finest . They jointed , etc , and you could chuck up a real drill bit . -LRB- It is unclear to me if this Hitachi can use a regular bit -RRB- . Milwaukee used to make lifetime quality drills and still makes some great stuff . These power screwdrivers were off of the job in 6 months.Why ? We worked the hell out of the battery drills , but for the small stuff , why not use a hand tool ? The added advantage of the drill is the power while that of the hand tool is the greater control and care that is possible with a hand tool . I only looked at this product today because I have a freak job that would be easier to do with a light power tool . I bought a nice cribbage board and the holes were drilled too narrow . It 's going to be a pain to hold a heavy battery drill over the piece , and there really is no good hand tool that I can think of.If you have the wrists of a girl , arthritis , or need to fix a crib board , this tool is for you !
 I have not yet used this item as there was only one philips head bit and not flat head . Could you please see that I get one ? Thank you
 I am writing this review of the Hitachi DS18DL drill though I only bought a replacement housing through Amazon and bought the drill elsewhere . My advice ; Do not buy this piece of junk !!! When I first purchased the drill after much deliberation because of price , I was totally pleased with the power and performance . Later I found out it is fatally flawed . The housing is worthless . Mine broke right around the handle . I bought a replacement one through Amazon , but when the handle broke near the switch the electrical contact on the switch broke off . The parts suppliers say that the switch is discontinued '' wonder why '' and even if it were available the cost of buying all these replacement parts makes it a waste of good money . I found out many people have had the same problem . Also Hitachi 's customer service is useless and do not even respond to their customers . I actually promoted this product to friends and relatives . Now I tell them to stay away from this junk . By the way the supplier of the replacement housing was pretty good `` Damlow prices '' . Guess they will have a lot of business with this drill .
 The housing is garbage and will break at were the handle meets the body separating the drill in two pieces . The drill does not get used but once a month and never abused or dropped . Of all the things that might break on a drill this should not be one . Buy a spare body or two -LRB- which is a major pain to swap -RRB- if you own one of these . Battery life is far less than advertised . The light is a useless joke . Other than that it works fine !
 I can not recommend this cordless driver drill . I inspected the drill upon arrival and noticed that without a bit in the chuck it appeared to have excessive runout -LRB- A.K.A. wobble -RRB- . I inspected it with various drill bits and driver bits and saw the same thing . I then tested the drill with a runout gauge and measured the same problem.I reported the problem to Amazon , asked for a replacement and promptly received a new drill . This arrived even before I returned the original . Kudos to Amazon for their return/replacement policies.The second drill arrived in exactly the same condition as the first . Based on this experience I returned both for a refund . I have since purchased a Milwaukee 0824-24 . My initial impression -LRB- not based on extensive use -RRB- is that the Milwaukee is superior in almost all respects . The clutch adjustment on the Hitachi is cumbersome and does not `` click '' into the detents smoothly . The Milwaukee is very smooth in this adjustment . It also has a separate adjustment for changing from driver to drill to hammer drill without changing the clutch setting . In fairness , I would prefer the lighter weight of the Hitachi , however I have read that the weight is due to use of metal gears in the Milwaukee rather than plastic in the Hitachi . I also like the belt clip light on the Hitachi . While both drills use a Jacobs chuck , the Milwaukee uses a higher grade chuck.I have owned a commercial cabinet shop and now use drills for home projects . I only accept `` pro-quality '' tools . This tool absolutely DOES NOT quality as `` pro-level '' . With all the other choices available , I also recommend that homeowners/hobbyists make a choice other than the Hitachi . While not intimately familiar , Makita seems to have some good choices in their new line-up . If you do n't need lithium-ion , Porter-Cable makes excellent Ni-Cad based cordless drills .
 I bought this drill in earlier February based on reviews on line and in Consumer Report . Due to be laid up after an operation , I did not start using the drill until early April . From the beginning neither battery would hold a charge for very long . Based on the manual , I left both batteries on trickle charge for 24 hours . That did not help . I called Amazon and they said it was over 30 days and I would have to deal with the manufacturer . I called Hitachi and the told me I need to take it to a service center . I did , and they said the drill was defective -- either bad brushes or armature . Now I have to send back to factory to have it rebuilt , and I really need the drill to work on the house I am building . Disappointing . This defect should have been caught at the factory . .
 Bought one great power and time , HOWEVER , case broke the first time it was used and now the chuck is stripped out plus it is pricey compared to other drills for around the home .
 Hitachis cordless driver drill is a good , strong machine . Nothing to complain about there . However as a citizen from an European country it would be of good service from Amazon if the terms of importing articles to EU where included in price and conditions . I had big extra costs for customs . Furthermore is it of importance that you clearly inform wich voltage electrical devices are . It cost me another 40 $ to buy a transformer from 110 volt to 230 volt . Suddenly my new drill is very expensive !
 Well the service and the delivery time was excellent but the product description is off . I know Klein makes canvas bags for tools so when I read plastic case comes with this product I was thinking maybe a plastic version of this kind of bag and that 's what sold me on buying the set . Needless to say I love Klein tools and everything I own by them but I 'm really at a loss because I did n't get any kind of reusable plastic container with my set .
 According to Bostitch this is their only nailer with a 3/8 '' NPT connection . Well I connected mine to a Makita Big Bore 2.5 HP compressor with a 3/8 '' hose and a 1/4 '' to 3/8 '' transition on the tool side . According to the Bostitch lead tech that I spoke with this ought to operate the tool . The Bostitch compressor that they recommend -LRB- model 2600 -RRB- has less capacity than mine . No dice . The nailer will shoot in to wood but not bricks or concrete . Tool is properly oiled and compressor works great ony all my other nailers . Bostitch 's Customer Service was just plain poor . Almost argumentative . They could not explain why the tool has a 3/8 '' NPT opening or why their puny model 2600 compressor would be up to the job . The manual provides some minimal assistance on page four , but that only leaves open room for more questions . They 'd sell a lot more of these with even some bare bones assistance . Not impressed !! Do not buy this tool before thoroughly researching fittings , hose and compressor requirements .
 I have owned this unit for my remodeling company for just over a year . Within the first few weeks I noticed that the drain plugs stuck out beyond the cage . Any time it was rolled onto the cage , the ` easy pull ' drain plugs were depressed , which caused rusty water to spray out ... either onto your clothes , flooring , concrete , etc. -LRB- Not to mention that the handy pull cords get caught on everything , to give you a suprise dose of rust ! -RRB- This issue took over a month of continued contact with Bostich Reps. to finally convince them to repair the unit . There first solution was to send out new plugs for myself to replace . Does n't work . The stub outs for these plugs protruded out too far . The threads had to be re-tapped . Also within my short ownership , the exhaust canister has bent over , due to the `` roll cage '' design , or lack there of . 2 of the 4 rubber mounts have broken off , which makes for an even louder rattling unit . I also am now using a pair of pliers to adjust the air pressure dial . A lot of trouble for an overpriced roll cage unit . I have found that I am hardly ever in need of a roll-cage on my compressor unless I drop it due to the added weight of a useless oversized steel handle that some one calls a roll cage . In my opinion.....over-priced , over-wieght , over-blown , and under-thought . I 'm going back to the tried and true ... EMGLO !!!!!!
 ... it wo n't lock . I bought this just over a month ago to use for my storage unit . I wanted something more than your average lock to protect my belongings so I bought this after looking at amateur lock picking sites like the reviewer above me . I would have tested it , but I was n't going to be at my storage unit for another month , so the most BASIC thing that I trusted this lock to do - it fails at . Mine looks and feels like it locks , but give it a quick tug and it comes right out with not much resistance , but there is some.Now I 'm just past my 30 days so I can not return it , so for others , if you purchase this , test it right away before it 's too late . ** UPDATE ** I reached out to Hampton Products who the Brinks name belongs to and they sent me a new lock with no issues . Arrived and works perfectly .
 I rarely do reviews on things that I buy . Not enough time I guess . I thought this one warranted some of my time . I just bought this 5 piece kit from my local ACE hardware earlier today . I 'm in the process of building a workshop behind my house and I needed to make some larger holes for running the plumming . Anyway , 1/2 way through the first hole the shaft of the main bit snapped in two . I was shocked . There was not even much torque on it !!! I had not hit a hard spot or kinked it . It was travelling very smooth at the time.Needless to say I will be returning it tomorrow . I primarily bought this package because it was fairly cheap and I only needed to make a few holes . This was not a tool I figured I 'd use very often , if ever again . Well it was n't good enough to drill 1 hole ! I guess it goes back to the old saying `` you get what you pay for '' I will return this one and buy one that is 2-3x more expensive and higher quality . It will last a lifetime and wo n't leave me cursing like I was earlier today ! Maybe I just got a bad one ??? I wo n't take my chances a 2nd time though .
 More like 91-92 degrees which makes this pretty much worthless . This is just a cheap casting and they do n't even bother to machine it square afterwards .
 If I 'd been able to get the sticker off . I think they must have bound it to the knife at the molecular level . Seriously . I tried oil , goo-gone , water , etc. . . and when I finally managed to scrape the last vestiges off , the entire surface was scratched beyond all comparison - at which point it promptly rusted directly after it 's first contact with water .
 Beware trying to use this item , or any like it , on or near metal doors or gates . It will not work no matter how close !!!
 sme one as I had before , but quality went downhill . Pushbutton did not work.Battery leaked inside , broken chime brass tube buttons . Must have been old . .
 Hung doorbell outside . Put chime above the door inside . Only worked intermittendly . Returned and recieved another one . Did n't work . Product is garbage .
 The product is much darker than it looks in the picture . Decided it would match the decor anyway BUT only 2 WEEKS after installing it , the hinge screws holding the lid on have started to loosen and leave saw dust on the rim . The seat is PRESSBOARD !! so no repairing that . BAD BUY !!! MONEY WASTED !!
 The title says it . I used these on masonry , and they were wearing over twice as fast as other brands I 've used . I bought these for the low price , but I would have saved money buying more expensive wheels that last longer . I do n't see myself buying this brand again .
 As the other reviewer stated this is an industrial light bulb , it will not fit into a standard home socket . To my knowledge Amazon sells primarily to individuals not companies . Either way it should have been stated in the item name right next to the pic that this is not for home use .
 This product was poorly described on line and turned out to an industrial Light Bulb , was not for home use . Had to send it back . The return was simple and I had no problem . Amazon is really good about customer service.All is well now.Walt
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 I would give this -5 stars if it was possible . I spent considerable time and energy installing the Frost King door bottom on 4 separate doors . The installations were all done properly . The problem is that the plastic sweeps are cheap plastic and they begin to tear away after very little use . EVERY Frost King door bottom that I installed began to deteriorate very soon after installation . I wrote a letter to a Frost King exec expressing my disappointment and dissatisfaction . I even included one of the pieces of the crappy plastic that broke off in the letter - but they never responded . If someone initiates a class-action law suit against Frost King for selling crappy door bottoms , I will certainly sign up .
 I think people need to understand that this product is NOT a fix for existing heavy root problems.It sounds as if that most everyone that is giving this product good reviews on Amazon and other sites ended up snaking the pipes anyway before or after using this product or calling a plumber anyway . -- If your wondering , i am NOT a plumber trying to put down a product cause its cutting into my business.This stuff just didnt seem to work!The directions on this bottle need to be a bit better.You can not just dump this stuff directly from the bottle into your toilet.Dont even try doing that or you 'll have a mess !! Since this stuff is mostly clumpy , you will need to get a small bucket or can and dump the product it into it first.You will need something to stick up inside the bottle to chip away at the root killer to come out of the bottle since its so clumpy.After you get it all out of the bottle you can stir it around in your bucket/can to mix it up -LRB- do not add water to it -RRB- . IMPORTANT ----- You must dump this stuff all in one shot directly into your toilet and flush right away or youll have a huge mess !! Depending on your toilet you will need to flush the toilet 2-3 times depending on how much water your toilet flushes at once.Low-Flo toilet needs to be flushed 3 times and regular toilets only need be flushed twice.Do not use any water in your house for at least 6 hours so the product can `` supposedly '' work after using this stuff.I did all these steps and its been 14 days.We have problems with our laundry water filling up our bathtub because of roots clogging our pipes.This product didnt seem to help at all for us and we still have toilet flushing problems as well as our laundry drain overflowing into our bathtub.Seeing how this product didnt work for me and the pipes need to be snaked and cleared out anyway , i can only assume that this product could only possibly be used just as a preventative maintenance to your pipes to keep the roots at bay but it will not fix existing heavy root problems.Maybe after i have the pipes snaked and have the roots cleared out , i 'll give this product another try but as for this product working on its own without snaking/cleaning out your pipes , your out of luck and dont bother flushing your money down the toilet since you 're gon na have to call a plumber or rent a snake anyway.Conclusion -- this stuff will not fix existing heavy root problems.Most people seem to be having luck with it after snaking your main line and using the product as preventative maintenance.I think my 1 star rating is valid since the directions say nothing about having to snake your lines before or after use since the foaming root killer is suppose to work by itself with no help from any special equipment.This stuff didnt work as `` magically '' for me as other reviews seem to claim : -LRB-
 So ... opened my drill box one day , not too long after having purchase this product as a replacement , just to find that the chuck had failed while sitting in the drill box . Cheap only goes so far ... this one made to the finish line . What a disappointment . A shame as the drill has worked for several years now .
 Pros : -- Better than paper masks . -- It 's so light -LRB- under 2 oz . -RRB- , you hardly think about it . It 's also comfortable , as the straps are cloth and fully adjustable , and the filtering material is soft . The bottom strap uses Velcro , and the top has a non-Velcro adjustable ring . -- I wear glasses , and although they fog a tad if I get overheated , it 's no worse than paper masks . -- Has an imbedded aluminum strip in the nose area which can be bent to fit the user.Cons : -- When cutting treated timbers , I had been using an MSA Comfo Classic respirator , as that device seems to be 100 % effective in filtering out wood dust . Rather than using the bulky respirator , I tried a Dust Bee Gone mask - and coughed for several hours that evening , from dust inhalation . Have no idea how the dust was getting in , but it was . -- Absurdly over-priced . Should have sent it back on that basis alone . Worth $ 5 at best.Summary : I bought one of these sight-unseen , solely on the recommendation of Fine Woodworking magazine . It 's better than paper masks , but since it was n't effective with wood dust , it 's not useful to me . Bottom line - if you want effective dust protection , buy a decent respirator .
 I just recieved my Dust Bee Gone dust mask . I 'm dissapointed on the stitching on the mask . It was sewn poorly and the stitching by the nose came undone . For the price you pay for this product , it should come in perfect shape .
 Replaced an equivalent 35W G9 bulb that had lasted 2 years in under-cabinet lighting . Burned out in under a week , down near the root of the evacuated part of the bulb . Wo n't be buying this brand again .
 I really hoped these pliers could handle cutting down the stem of the ETA/Unitas 6497-1 . Unfortunately , it seems the stem is too thick and too strong for this little tool . Each time I made a cut it dented the blade.Stem cutting is a slow process of trim-fit-repeat until the crown is flush with the case . now this tool has a serrated edge . According to Otto Frei website , The Lindstrom brand is highly regarded amongst professional watchmakers . But those retail at around $ 40 ! I 'm wondering if Klein tools is good , also . I guess I 'm going to have to get one of those the next time I put together another watch in a few years .
 I returned the pliers to amazon as they stopped cutting after about 10 cuts.As a mechanic I know you need to have the right tool for the job . I got the Irwin pliers to cut .020 stainless steel annealed wire which does not damage the blades on any of the small pliers that I have.After ten cuts I had to hold the Irwin pliers closed and bend the wire before it will cut . I was thrilled with them until they stopped working . They are made in China.I now useXuron 2175 Maxi Shear Flush Cutteras Xuron makes quality tools that last and work the same from the first cut on . I use the Xuron regularly and they still work just as good as the first cut . Xuron is made in the US and has a lifetime warranty .
 You better have enough space and a clear straight shot at the assembly if you want to use it without too much difficulty . The product design leaves to be desired and I need to return the second one I purchased . You are better off going to a boat store and purchase the parts that will meet your needs , both in function and quality .
 do not know if i like this product because i have not applied it to the specific reason it was bought .
 You get what you pay for with this lift . If you want a quality , keep shopping .
 We are replacing our carpet -LRB- Frieze -RRB- type with hardwood and this tool would not cut our carpet . So it really was no use to us .
 I bought the Little Giant ladder -LRB- 22 -RRB- and while it 's a great quality ladder , it 's simply too heavy and I 'm in good shape and work-out regularly . Even w / my teenage son -LRB- 19 -RRB- , we sometimes had problems moving the ladder . I hear they 've come with a lighter ladder series , but from what I can see it only saved 4 lbs . -LRB- 42 lbs for the Classic to 38 lbs for the XE -RRB- We returned our ladder to Costco because it was just too heavy . If you have the smaller LG ladders , then maybe you won ' have a weight issue , but be careful about the LG 22 models !
 I recieved this product and plugged it in and it never even worked . It is being advertised as a `` NEW '' charger . This is extreamly doubtful . And my experence with this item in the `` returning '' process has been ignored by the seller . I called on the phone , sent emails , and they still simply `` do not respond '' .
 The blades received does not contain the mounting hole as depicted in the picture for the item . My jig saw requires that hole for proper mounting .
 A pathetic product masquerading and a heavy duty one . The male threaded end of the handle is plastic and ca n't be tightened . If one tries , it just escapes the female threads in the brush and is , presto ! , loose again.The junction between the brush and the handle appears reenforced and sturdy in the pics , but it is neither . I now have yet another push broom that I must baby to insure it 's survival . Wobbly piece of junk . Look else where.I once owned a commercial push broom made for roofing . I still think back fondly on it .
 I just use it to sweep out the garage and I do n't sweep much . The broom itself snapped in half -- the black part seems to be recycled milk bottles . I 'm going to spend more for a proper broom with a wooden back .
 These look identical to the ones installed in my Mother 's new home . Within a year they were jamming . With a little bit of use , the friction built up and they became hard to retract.First , the catches are not balls , they are non-rotating bullets , made of very thin metal.Good news is that they were easy to install . Drill a 1 inch hole in the door , and hammer the catch into it . Surface mount the strike plate . No mortise work required.It is a bit harder to pry them out and throw as far as possible .
 This faucet is prone to failure in the mixer and single-handle faucet ball joint . This causes it to deliver inconsistent mix of water , and to leak from the top . It 's also very difficult to clean and the spray is so heavy that it can chip counter tops and/or sinks if dropped.Be aware that Mico does not honor its limited lifetime warranty for products purchased at some retailers . In my case , the large home supply store I purchased it from went out of business . Now that my faucet is broken , it is not covered by their warranty - despite the warranty card contained in the original box.Bottom line unreliable , overprice product , and you ca n't count on the company honoring its warranty . Be prepared to be disappointed .
 Hello , I recently purchased two of these picture lights and have since tried to return them but sadly I purchased them via a 3rd party seller here on Amazon which was fine , but I did not read their return policy and as it stands I would have to pay return shipping , pay a restocking fee and put their first born thru college to return them so , they 're mine . And this is n't about the seller or my lacking of reading the fine print , it 's the design/quality of the lights themselves.The basic structure of this light is fine , it 's the housing that surrounds the light bulb that proves to be the problem . First of all , the metal housing is very tinny and you can see at least on the two that I purchased , where the metal housing is bent where it meets the attachment piece . Secondly , once you attach it to your picture frame you have to bend the head of the lamp that houses the light bulb w-a-y down so it aim towards the picture/painting itself . There is no up/down adjustment for the lamp 's head itself , you have to actually BEND the attachment piece . And it seems no matter how much I bend the lamp down , when I stand back and view the picture/painting I can still see part of the white on the inside of the lamp 's housing and sometimes even part of the light bulb . It 's very detracting from the piece that you are trying to highlight.I 've heard that Amazon has a liberal return policy and I am wishing now that I would 've made this purchase thru Amazon instead of saving a few dollars purchasing from a 3rd party . Believe me , if it were n't for all the rigmarole that I would have to go thru to return them , I 'd return them in a heartbeat.And do n't make the mistake I made - read , read , read those return policies.Thank you .
 The light itself was exactly what I was looking for - however , the bulb burned out in less than an hour . My calls to the customer service number where I have only been able to leave messages have been ignored . I would never purchase from here again .
 The noise this alarm makes is indescribably hideous . Do NOT leave it armed while you 're in the house . Live in an apartment or condo ? This is not for you . I placed it on the surface I wished to protect -LRB- the stove -RRB- and ever so gently turned it on to the low-sensitivity setting . It went off . That was the longest two seconds of my life . My head still hurts . The noise is so shocking that I could n't even react to reach for the alarm to turn it off . I 'd go into cardiac arrest if it went off at night . Returned it immediately . I expect a pet alarm to make a noise which startles the cats , not causes us all to writhe in agony .
 The previous poster is 100 % right about this product . Every time you turn it on the alarm sounds off and it is so ear piercing that I could n't hear right for the whole day afterwards . It sounded as though I had cotton in my ears or had been subjected to a loud rock concert for hours ! Thank God our baby was n't in the room when I tried to activate it . One can only image what this damage this product would do to your hearing let alone your pet 's hearing over time with continued use . Stay far away from this product . I 'm suprised they were allowed to put this out .
 My Vermont American 30034 jigsaw blades arrived today/12 -19 -12 without the necessary mounting hole in the shank thats clearly shown in the photo and enlarged photo on the order page . My old jigsaw requires this hole for its securing screw . These blades are worthless to me .
 Extremely poor quality , even for a cheap cup.Not drip-free as pictured , and the vent hole is positioned too close to center , making it difficult to spray with the cup more than half full .
 I bought 9 of this , prepared to spend 2-3 hours to install all of them , by the end of a day , I spent 8 hours to install only 4 of them . This kid is not really good fit for remodelling . the problem is that once the remodeling clips are installed , there is no enough room for the housing to be pushed up at all . I wonder whether the manufacturer ever tested this kind of installation . the description of installation is hard to read as well .
 It is very sturdy and fit my Milwaukee Miter saw with ease ... My issue is I have only had this product for 3 weeks and its rusting . . This concerns me will this product fail quickly ?
 I had bought $ 1000.00 worth of these `` Walls of the Wild '' fish decals . I put them up as directed with no additional glue . After only 2 years I decided to remove them . Today I have been peeling them , and all layers of paint , and top layer of dry wall for every sticker . I gave them 2 stars because they are gorgeous stickers . Just do n't try to take them off ... EVER ! Now I must go and try to repair 4 walls . I did try the lighter fluid as suggested and it was stinky and did nothing to help . See photos I attached to customer images .
 I bought a similar design to this , and was quite disappointed to find that it is a paper cover over a regular plastic switchplate . The paper ripped when I tried to install it . For slightly more than this price , a nicer , more attractive , better quality ceramic , resin or metal switchplate can be purchased from another shop . Wo n't be buying from here again . I should have returned it upon receipt .
 The suede is not colorfast and just normal wear will transfer the bright pink dye to your pants . I had bought it to carry my lab tools at work , and it ruined my pants that day . I have washed the pants four or five times , tried pre-treating and bleach , and still can not get all the pink out . I complained to the company but never got a response .
 I purchased this belt and tested for color fastness when it arrived against blue jeans ... . left discoloration on the jeans ... this is not a pretty pink color ... the color shown on the page is actually nicer than the color of the item .
 I thought it would be cute to have around the shop , but it 's much bigger than I had expected . It 's the length of my thigh , not very practical for moving around . I ended up getting a smaller one that fits all the tools I need and this one is still lying around my room because it was n't worth the shipping to send it back .
 I do understand the slow boat delivery because it was the free shipping . Next time I will option for the paid delivery . The drill press arrived with some damage to the light shade . - Crushed when the drill press shifted during shipping . When installed on the bench , there was noise and rubbing inside the upper pulley housing area . Upon opening the inspection plate , I found the drive pulley , tension spring and pressure washer were floating on the motor shaft . the retaining clip was missing and could not be found inside the machine or packing . I called the number provided from Delta and they were very conserned and helpful and they would send out the clip and a new light and even a new rear pulley . They have n't shown up yet .
 The Pelican PM6 3320 flashlight worked great when it worked . The battery life in this product is extremly short . I bought a new battery for a weekend camping trip , used the light on & off -LRB- not extensively -RRB- throughout . Got home , placed it on my desk & 2 weeks later -LRB- with no use -RRB- it is 100 % dead . It 's almost as if the battery is always being drawn from , even while off . I would not have written this review except this is the second time this has happened since I bought this item . The 1st time was when I first recieved the light ... only used it a couple of brief times , stored it ... went to use it sometime later ... dead . I would not recommend this product .
 The product worked for the first week , and now works randomly in a very substandard way . This product would make an excellent gag gift , because it never works when you want it to . Please do not buy this product , for your own sake .
 Not worth the money . Find something better and spend the exta money . This regulator is junk , all it does is let the volume of air escape and loos your pressure causing the compressor to run more often than needed .
 I bought one of these from another online site -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- because I thought it looked great . When it arrived , I discovered it was very poorly made . The lamp tilted slightly to one side and would have to be shimmed underneath to stand straight . Worse yet , the socket sits so high in the shade , that anything but a 25w bulb is visible above the shade . With a 40w or 60w bulb , or heaven forbid , the 100w it supposedly can handle , the bulb can be seen sticking up , looking ridiculous and causing a glare . Send your Chinese designers back to the drawing board , Mr. Minka , and send your craftsmen back to metal shop .
 I bought these lights on sale , climbed into my attic , wired them in , added a switch , installed the lights , they look great , but the fish eye cover weighs so much , that the crappy metal hooks can not support the weight . if you like can lights with covers that hang a half inch below the drywall , these inexpensive , throw away lights are just what you need . i ca n't wait to replace them .
 Not necessarily bad quality depending on what you need it for but very flimsy . If you want to cut straight or just do n't want it flopping around look at something else .
 This flashlights color and shape make it look super sleek and super flashy , the hand grips are nice , but that ; s about it.Once you crank it even to full brightness the brightness only lasts less than 5 minutes and you have to crank it up again for it to immediatly die again right away . My regular little flashlight I 've had since I was 10 performed far far better than this expensive flashlight . I would be better off spending 40 bucks in batteries than this flashlight .
 This molding is cheap , and it looks cheap too . It is not a hand carved or machine carved molding . Actually it is not a carved molding at all . I prefer some thing cost more but looks better .
 YOU CAN BUY THESE AT ANY DOLLAR STORE FOR 2.00 , SO DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE , SO GET 4 FOR THE PRICE OF THIS ONE . I HAVE ONE IN THE CAR AND 2 ON THE PATIO
 This was a sad joke . First of all you do not get a set of two , you get one . Second , they are not night lights . They are a cheap little trinket that are clearly labeled musical novelty snowman . They play a piercing and tinny version of Jingle Bells and have a changing color light in them . They would be a hit at any dollar store . I sent them all back . Do n't buy !!
 When the Vance Spice Drawer Insert arrived . I discovered that my drawers were too shallow for it to fit . Hence $ 13.90 wasted in shipping it to and fro . All they need to do is specify the MINIMUM drawer depth in their specifications . -LRB- Incidentally , the minimum depth seems to be about 3 and 3/4 inches .
 Product was as expected
 Make sure your drawer is deep enough . The drawer I put this in is 3 1/4 '' deep and only the first and last `` shelves '' of this insert will hold regular size spice containers -LRB- the round glass type -RRB- , no matter which way it is placed in the drawer . The middle two will only hold the rectangular tin/plastic spice containers , and only lying flat so this takes up a lot of space but you can clearly see the name of the spice . I purchased this insert for another house ; it fit perfectly and held all containers so that I could arrange them alphabetically . Probably my fault for not measuring , but I was disappointed in this product .
 I did not realize that you need a saw to trim the insert . I guess I should have investigated this product more closely . $ 20 down the drain !
 In the description the drawer unit is for a 19 &#34; drawer . It is 20 &#34; and I had to cut it down on the side and back . The size of the rows are different sizes so the spices do not sit in them evenly .
 I have a pretty advanced kitchen with long wide drawers and thought this would go nicely . I found this nearly impossible to `` trim '' to fit -LRB- a little off the end length -RRB- and ended up having to use the saw feature of my small dremmel tool to get it off -LRB- it could have easily broken my scissors and given me carpal tunnel in the time it was taking me to try to cut it manually -RRB- . As for fitting spices , unless you have a pretty deep drawer . . well , it fits small spices easily ; but I 've found the larger spice bottles bump the top of the drawer and wo n't let it close unless turned sideways and laid down along the `` shelving '' of the insert and ca n't be placed in line uniformly . And doing this takes up quite most of the space of the insert of course , so . . it 's been pretty awkward to use .
 Unless one owns an entire garage of wood cutting tools , it is near impossible to cut to size . Waste of my money ...
 Every day I haul my V28 Sawzall to work in this plastic case . I love the saw , but I hate this case . It offers a small compartment for storing extra blades , but I normally keep the larger 12 '' blades with me , so there 's about enough room for only a few blades . Worst of all , the compartment keeps popping open when I open the case , spilling the blades anywhere . You can try to squeeze in some blades in the main compartment with the saw , but it 's a tight fit . I go through blades quite quickly , so I have to keep my extras separate . Pointless , if you ask me.I miss the old metal cases that Milwaukee use to have ... held more blades and accessories then you 'd ever need , and it was SMALLER . Unfortunately , the old metal cases do n't have room for the charger.One note about the case ... the description mentions that it has ` room for two batteries , charger , and blade storage ' . Actually , it has room for three batteries ... one attacted to the tool , and two extras . This is the one feature I like about it .
 To start with it was boxed with oil in it and just the dip stick no plug , So needless to say when I got It the box was soaked and the reservior was empty , the manual was also oil soaked . The cage had been repainted and overspray was on most of the labels , the data plate with the S/N and P/N was just about unreadable . One of the feet was ripped off and the cage was twisted . The box was nowhere near adequate for something that heavy it had several 3 '' -4 '' rips from it sliding around in the box . needless to say I was vary disappointed in Porter-Cable . I patched the box and sent it back and ordered a new Makita .
 UPDATED to 4 stars ... The replacement I got from Amazon was excellent and was a steal . Much better than the oil-less pancakes . The good is that Amazon gives great customer service and the actual compressor from PC is a good one . The bad is that Porter Cable does an absolutely poor job of packaging the compressor . The Ugly is that UPS apparently threw the packaged compressor down so hard that it broke all the motor mounts of the compressor -LRB- the motor and compressor are one piece -RRB- so that it was loose from the frame . The motor mounts are cast into the frame so not much way to repair that . A better packing job and a better handling job would have prevented what is a nice compressor from being ruined . Amazon will replace the compressor immediately and the return freight is free -LRB- 73 pounds not cheap -RRB- . The compressor has some oil in it from testing which comes out in the box due to being handled rough and PC gave no instructions for handling on the box so they are also guilty along with UPS . The COMPRESSOR NEEDS OIL ADDED before running . I like this compressor but it is heavy and not so portable unless you can add your own wheels -LRB- about 65 pounds sans box -RRB- . It is a good compressor and if I can get one undamaged I will be happy to have it for the $ 130 price I paid . It has a one year warranty from PC which can be handled locally if needed . Judging from the build quality of the compressor I received it should be a good performer . I added oil to the one I received and plugged it in and even with the broken mounts it quickly pumped up to 150 PSI and only leaked a little which is a miracle considering the beating it had taken . I have one of the small oil less compressors from PC that works well but is annoyingly noisy . This one is quieter and quicker and has two outlets so for the price it is a good buy .
 I got a few of these sticks at the hardware store and tried one of them to seal a cracked pike . The putty needs to be kneaded together uniformly but it was so stiff I could hardly do it . It started getting really hot and cured while I was putting it on the pipe . I think I 'm going to return the rest of them . They 're too stiff . I used RectorSeal pipe repair kit and it came with a much smaller amount of putty but it was very soft compared to this stuff , and I used one hand to knead it . Use gloves as it could get on your hands .
 Light is not Halogen light , to poor Yellow light not white as they says . Very poor Quality you will really be disappointed .
 Saw came in with a warped base plate . Too bad . Sent it back and bought the Milwaukee equivalent . Probably just the luck of the draw , but QC could obviously be much better .
 Do n't buy this item unless you want a reconditioned unit . I received a unit with obvious wear marks , fingerprints , and scratches . The replacement Amazon sent me was in the same condition . Amazon 's customer `` service '' kept stonewalling me , offering to refund me only 20 % of my purchase price no matter what I asked for . I did not ask for anything unreasonable -- I did not see this as a `` gotcha '' opportunity to get a tool at some incredible discount . However , maintaining my goodwill as a customer should be worth some premium to Amazon . It 's not . They just told me they respect my decision to go elsewhere , which is what I recommend you do.Coincidentally , 20 % off is the general range at which Amazon sells reconditioned units that are in the $ 150 price range when new -LRB- note this is for other tools ; I have not seen reconditioned Bosch 1587AVSKs on Amazon -- except those they sent me ! -RRB- If I had wanted a reconditioned unit , I would have ordered one . This smells of a form of bait-and-switch . You order a new item . They ship you a reconditioned one and offer to refund part of your purchase price . Suspiciously , you are refunded only enough so you end up paying the same price you would have paid for a reconditioned model . And Amazon gets to unload some of its reconditioned inventory.Be warned .
 I am going to make this short and sweet . I brought this saw based on its strong reviews . Over all its a very nice jigsaw do n't get me wrong but I can not get a flush cut . It will start off flush but then the blade wonders back and forth . I have tryed many things to correct this as well as I contact bosch and they just told me to try things that I had already tryed . This saw would of gotten a 5 stars if it would do a flush cut .
 The $ 50 extra is well worth it . The 1590EVSK has a much better blade-change system , substantially more power , a better shoe tilt mechanism , a shorter shoe projection in front -LRB- you can cut closer -RRB- , and FEELS a lot more high-quality !
 I owned this piece of junk for about 2 years and only used it for light jobs maybe 5-10 times a year at most . The black knob on the handle that tightens the blade is a joke because it pops off all the time and is poorly designed . Recently the trigger only intermittently worked and the variable speed feature stopped working which made cutting metal a nightmare . I 've been a long time user of Bosch tools and I expected much more from them . To be fair I 've never had a problem with any of my other Bosch tools . Maybe I should have paid for the higher end model . Quite disappointing given how little I used this Jigsaw . Finally got so fed up I tossed this hunk of junk in the dumpster .
 I 've had this jigsaw about a year now . Perhaps went through 20 blade changes . One would expect a thousand more before this tool goes to lala land , but that 's not the case . The tool is now rendered useless because the mechanism for blade changes has gone caput . I am past warranty as far as bringing it back for replacement or refund . The other choice is repair which is n't worth the hassle from my perspective . In my opinion this tool will not stand the test of time . This is a twenty dollar tool if the blade mechanism is flawed . -LCB- -LCB- I suspect it is -RCB- -RCB- . I do n't want to disparage anyone from buying Bosch , just this particular model . The tool wants to do business - but for cripes sakes - It 's got ta hold a blade to work . I am not a happy camper .
 I thought I was going crazy so I had my mechanical type friends try it . The blade change system is junk . Sometimes you hear the magic click and it holds tight . other times it just wobbles in the cradle .
 this saw worked well , cut well , quiet , smooth , but the blade change is real bad . the cheap plastic turn lever broke the second time i used it , a very poor design . for that reason i would never recommend this saw
 This saw is very solid , with a nice feel , and a smooth cut . It functions very well freehand , but dont even think about using it with a straight edge guide ! There is no way to align the blade with the axis of the body . I thought I had bought a defective saw and was going to exchange it , but found a review on woodnet.net that says its a basic fault . If Bosch ever fixes this I 'll buy it with no hesitation .
 This buld was broken when I received it . . they sent a replacement and it does n't fit . I am upset!They sent the wrong one .
 This is a great starter set for anyone , but I did not receive the pipes for the pipe clamps . I can buy pipes of varying lengths for use with the pipe clamps at a hardware store , but if it 's in the picture , I except to receive it.Poor rating is for misleading picture .
 While the idea is good , the wrench simply does not cut it when tigher grip on the nuts is needed . I got it from the Homedepot for twenty-four bucks and had to return it the very next day - I was trying to use it to install a bike rack and it kept slipping and eventually rounded the nut . I had to use a plier to get that nut off ...
 Crescent has earned as reputation for making quality tools but should be ashamed for selling such a worthless piece of junk . This tool has slipped on every nut or bolt I have ever tried to use it on . Even with light torque the jaws spread and the tool just slips off , sometimes rounding the edges . Do n't be fooled by the cleaver design or the name on the tool this is nothing but a waste of money .
 Great idea , poor execution . This wrench does n't work , slips off the nut/bolt head , regardless of size . Half a star would be too much good rating for this thing . Very disappointed that Crescent is pushing this piece of garbage .
 I bought this at Home Depot hoping to use it on some lower end bikes that we are rebuilding . I pulled it out of the packaging , and could only get it to ratchet in one direction . Flipping the switch , it stopped ratcheting all together . I tapped in on the ground , flipped the switch back and forth , but the barrel just spins with no take-up . This will go back to Home Depot for a return .
 Seemed like a good idea . Unfortunately it takes too much fiddling around to get it tight enough to work at all . You have to make sure it 's lined up just right , and the thumb wheel does n't allow you to tighten it that hard . The grippers have a little play in them which makes it worse . It 's possible to use it , but not a lot of fun .
 I was tempted to try this because it looks like it might be convenient for some tasks . Unfortunately , as most other reviewers have noted , it does not get a good grip and tends to slip . Essentially useless .
 I bought this wrench with a great interest from HomeDepot , but soon I discovered that this wrench was a junk . You can not use it on a nut/bolt , it slips and damages the nuts/bolts . I would not recommend this wrench to anybody ! Total waste of money . I had to return it to HomeDepot .
 Appears to be Chinese construction . Thumb screw mechanism catches at certin points , without apparent cause . Added oil and gentle touch , little or no good effect noticed . Wiggling the jaws does not help . Not convenient or a one hand tool . I 'll keep my ratchet handle and socket set from the past and return this one .
 It is astounding that such a tool could exist . It simply does not work , period . The adjustment screw binds and the jaws do not hold . It seems like a tool invented by marketing - a cute thing that does look great on paper , but the execution is truly inane . Do NOT buy .
 Appears to be Chinese construction . Thumb screw mechanism catches at certin points , without apparent cause . Added oil and gentle touch , little or no good effect noticed . Wiggling the jaws does not help . Not convenient or a one hand tool . I 'll keep my ratchet handle and socket set from the past and return this one .
 The second time I tried to adjust the thumb-wheel to a new nut size it stuck and wo n't move ! I 've contacted the manufacture of Crescent tools -LRB- Cooper Hand Tools -RRB- for assistance.I 'll update this review when I hear from them.I returned my wrench to Cooper Tools for repair/replacement . They supposedly shipped me something in return 2 weeks ago . I guess I 'm out $ 29.95 .
 I bought this replacement seat for a Kohler K 3397EB lowboy toilet . The original seat for this toilet is very high quality but the white plastic was beginning to yellow somewhat and the smooth surface of the seat was becoming somewhat rough . I thought it would be an easy matter to replace the seat and was advised by the Kohler representative to purchase this particular replacement seat.The seat that arrived was of the `` quick release '' type . The method of screwing the seat to the toilet involves picking either a `` long '' or a `` short '' screw position but neither position was precise enough to give a good fit . The seat either hung over the left side or hung over the right side slightly and there was no ability to make fine adjustments.The quality of the seat itself was also less than the original seat . The heft of the plastic was less and the seat lid was significantly lighter so that when one would sit on the lid , perhaps to put on one 's socks or shoes , the lid would creak and bend and not feel supported . Also the side rails of the seat were significantly more narrow than the original seat thus putting more pressure on one 's legs and buttocks and was quite uncomfortable because of this.I was quite disappointed in this product and have returned it . I suspect I will never be able to replace the original seat since this is an old and now discontinued toilet but certainly has the elongated bowl that matches dimensions of current bowls . In my situation the quality was just not there compared to the original item .
 I WAS TERRIBLY DISAPPOINTED WHEN I RECEIVED THIS MODERATELY EXPENSIVE KOHLER TOILET SEAT AS IT IS MADE OF SUCH A THIN , CHEAP LOOKING PLASTIC . THIS IS NOT WHAT I INTENDED AT ALL . I LIKE THE SLEEK DESIGN , BUT THE MATERIAL USED IS NOT OF THE QUALITY I WAS EXPECTING .
 I was looking for a toilet seat that had a substantial feel , was well constructed and of good quality . I trusted the Kohler name and expected that the higher price would indicate a better product . Not so . This particular model has a ketchy feature that we did n't expect to find
 This product has been redesigned by Kohler . It is not the same as the original toilet seat . Called Kohler because there was a defective nut and they are sending a replacement . However , I told them we were not happy with the seat as the ring surface is more rounded -LRB- original was more flat -RRB- , but more importantly the lid can not open far enough to rest on the toilet back , therefore it will likely snap , if someone leans back too far . Kohler apologized , admitted they redesigned the seat , and gave me two suppliers to call , to see if they have any `` old stock '' . Seriously , this toilet seat cost a fortune , Kohler needs to do better , particularly when they make a toilet that has a proprietary seat .
 This toilet seat is a replacement for the original . The original is 13 yrs old , not bad . On the new one they changed the way it attaches to the bowl . Plastic screws go into plastic nuts and then a plastic cap is snapped over the top to hold the seat on and in place . The plastic snap on covers that are suppose to hold everything in place do not stay snapped on . Therefore the toilet seat moves and does not stay in place . $ 88.00 is alot of money for a piece of crap for a craper . Totally dissifiedDavid S
 This seat is by no way imaginable even close to the original seat in 1999 ! What a shame to follow in the footsteps of typical products with no quality just profit from junk .
 I have had this style Kohler toilet seat before , but have been disappointed with this batch . I ordered seat replacements for 2 toilets and one seems to be satisfactory and the other is problematic . For some unknown reason , Kohler designers felt compelled to change the attaching `` hardware '' to a sub-standard design using plastic bolts and plastic wing nuts . One of the bolts will not tighten properly and the seat loosens constantly . In this case , spending this kind of money on a Kohler product was not worth it at all . I am very frustrated with this change of design .
 I was looking for a cheap solution for directing the air from my vent , and figured that this was such a simple product ... how could it be messed up . Why not get the cheapest one listed.Well ... when it arrived , the plastic was warped so it would not sit flat on the vent , the magnets -LRB- for metal vents -RRB- were too weak , and when I tried using the enclosed adhesive strips , they were not sticky enough . The deflector would not stay over the vent . Furthermore , when I used my own adhesive I discovered that , while the length of the deflector is adjustable , the width is not sufficient for anything other than very narrow vents.What it comes down to is that , no matter how little I paid , the product is worthless , and is therefore a rip off .
 I was disappointed in the quality of this kit . Al the tools for picture framing are there - but the precision that even a hobbyist like myself desires is not . I going to give this miter device another try or two to see if my skills improve , but my first project was turned to junk by inexact miter cuts .
 But this mailbox is junk . It 's been up , doing nothing but normal mailbox stuff for a week , and one of the plastic caps for the door just broke . I live in AZ , so it 's not hit freezing , there 's no reason for it to have broken . But , the door wo n't stay on and wo n't close property anymore.After 1 week , it 's broken all by itself . Ignore this item , get something else . There is NO point in saving a few bucks for an item that does n't last a week.This is my 3rd mailbox , the other 2 having been victims of bored teens with a baseball bat , and I have no doubt not only would this mailbox not survive being hit , it does n't survive being used.Complete junk , do not purchase .
 Cheap , made in Mexico . I bought two 3-packs about a year ago from Costco . Now that it 's a year later , and I 'm putting up the xmas tree , I thought I would * really * test the alarm that is in the family room with the tree . So after putting in a new battery and making sure that it was n't in `` silent '' mode -LRB- which is a convenient feature for problem locations , such as a kitchen where the alarm goes off all the time -RRB- , I held the unit about 5 inches above a burning candle . Nothing . So I blew the candle out . Lots of smoke , no alarm . Hmmm ... So this made me want to test the other units in the house . Of the six , three were unable to pick up the candle smoke . Not good . Do n't buy these . There should be a recall .
 I could not believe the low ratings for this product , so I decided to buy one and test it.It triggered with a small amount of steam . Boiling a quart of water on the stove in an open pot on an electric range top , in a kitchen with the windows open , the alarm would trigger as far as 23 feet away down a residential hall.However , I was unable to cause the alarm to sound with actual smoke . I started with a bic lighter 2 feet under the detector . I moved to newspaper on fire in an open pot . Finally I built a smokey wood fire with green wood , sawdust , leaves , and pine 2x4s in a BBQ in the back yard , and held the smoke detector directly over the fire with tongs.It never sounded.I dropped it in the fire . It melted , and eventually burned . It never sounded.It is my belief that this device should be recalled from the market . It will NOT alert you to a fire in your home . DO NOT PURCHASE IT . If you have purchased one , buy a smoke detector made by another company and throw this unit away .
 There was a fire in my kitchen and the alarm was 10 feet away and it DID N'T SEND OFF A warning . The alarm was only two months old with new batteries.People depend on this to save their life ... I hope they get sued for such a unsafe product .
 Absolutely useless . Whenever someone is taking a shower , the steam from the bathroom sets off the alarm in the hall 15 feet away . Heaven forbid I boil water on the stove 15 feet from the downstairs alarm -- the steam strikes again ! I 've begun taking the battery out while cooking or showering , which is a pain in the neck . And based on the other reviews , when there really * is * smoke nearby , nothing happens .
 We have a woodstove and wanted to be alerted if during an overnight burn there was back draft , producing smoke . Plus just wanted the reassurance of having the smoke alarm . This unit consistently remained silent when another smoke detector nearby sounded due to smoke . So I agree with the other posters , this detector is not only junk , it could end up killing someone due to its shortcomings . I will never buy another First Alert product if I can help it . Shame on them for not recalling this thing .
 Had the same experience as many of the other reviews here . Bought the 3 pack from Costco . During my 2nd year of ownership , I performed my annual change of batteries and found that 2 of the 3 units were not functioning . I 'm concerned that I have been living in a house with non-functioning units and thank God I was not in a situation where I needed the smoke alarm to alert me . This is dangerous and unacceptable , as the life expectancy of this product should be longer . Simple - Do not buy this product !
 Unit did not work , so I installed new battery -- but it still failed to work . I removed the new battery and noticed it was warm . I used an Ohmmeter to test battery input to First Alert and it showed a short , i.e. , zero resistance . I measured the old battery voltage using the voltmeter , and it was completely dead , then I measured the new battery that had been installed for a couple of minutes , and it was down to 8.3 volts -LRB- evidence of recent short -RRB- . I took the cover off the First Alert , and notice that the internal B1 and B2 terminals were touching each other . I used a small screw driver to separate the terminals . I re-measured the resistance with the Ohmmeter and the short had cleared . I installed another new battery that I verified with the voltmeter as having over 9 volts . The unit resounded to the `` push-to-test '' button . I re-installed the unit in the kitchen , tested with a small paper fire and it worked . However , I will replace all these units just to be safe . Recommend these units be recalled . The unit I tested was dated Aug. 21 , 2007 -- Issue No. 74,057 .
 Piece of junk , fell apart just after 60 day return period and was not that much less expensive than a new one . Dealer wo n't too anything about it , says to contact Milwaukee .
 Good selection of tools . Many to choose from . I can always find the right one . However , 2nd day of using , one of my bits broke . I did not apply a lot of torque . It just snapped . Structurally , I 'm not that strong of a build myself , so anyone who fancies themselves athletic may need to heed this item.I do n't trust this tool set at all . If you want a good selection of tools with the highest quality and build , purchase something better than this , and spend the extra cash . I was going to give this two stars , but now I 'll give it one .
 While this case does have a good general selection of automotive tools they are very poor quality . I wanted a smaller tool set than the one I already had so I tried this one . The case does n't even hold the wratchet in place so it fals out every time you open it and then you have to lay in on the opposing side and line it up so that you can close the case on it . Also I ripped one of the sockets the first time I used it . I was changing my spark plugs and when I tride to put the common ingnition rail back on I felt the wratchet give . I look down and see that the socket ripped . Now I 've ripped many off brand sockets before , but never with out atleast using a wrench as a cheater . That is just too infiror for my tastes . I would say this is ok for $ 17 or something . But anything abouve 20 bucks and you got ripped off . I was going to give it two stars but after writing this realised that there is no way I could do that . If tools are going to be made this poorly then they should just not produce them at all . Especially in an automotive set where you may end up needing them in an emergency type situation .
 I bought this to clean up a huge mess I made in my kitchen.Yes , the product works as advertised . It definitely does de-bond superglue , albeit in very small increments . However , the bottle was almost empty when I got it , and the applicator brush was terrible . I ended up buying a different de-bonder , which acted in an identical manner , but offered more several times more product for a similar price.The most important thing , though
 DONT WASTE YOUR MONEYI tried on super glue , crazy glue , tried rubbing continuously , tried leaving on for days . It just doesnt work .
 I bought this to remove a bit of superglue that my cat actually knocked over on my kitchen island . . I followed directions and let it rest and scrubbed with a toothbrush etc. ... no results and not even an improvement ... THUMBS DOWN !! I 'M SCARED TO TRY ANYTHING ELSE AND WASTE MY TIME ... I actually had a bit of luck using olive oil ; it was better than nothing , but the results are n't good enough for even olive oil ... If anyone finds a credible product please post ... ps I also think the bottle of this stuff was half dried before I even opened it but I could be wrong hardly anything came out ...
 Over priced , not very functional , only one of the 3-way is of any use , I do n't know what anyone would use the other two positions for . My first and last Kohler . Nuff said ...
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Because of the way water remains at the top of the faucet after you shut it off , the top remains moist , and after about 12 months a film of algae can develop . If you use it after it has n't been run in a while , you 'll notice an `` off '' smell on your hands . -LRB- And have to re-wash them . -RRB- This is inherent in the design of the product . This is the second one we got -LRB- the first one we had replaced because the stainless steel had worn -RRB- . There was a smell then , but I just did n't think to look under the nozzle . When we got the second one , I noticed 9-12 months after use , we got the same smell , and the same problem , and realized how it had happened.For the amount of money you 're paying for a faucet , it should n't produce algae-scented water . For a much , much cheaper product , albeit less artistic , you 'd have much higher quality water.I would think your results vary based on what part of the country you are in . If , say , you live in an area where they heavily chlorinate the water , perhaps you would n't have these results . But still , it 's a bad design . -LRB- I 'm in New York City . -RRB- I 've no idea of the health risks of such water , but , it ca n't be good . As it is now , I use the bathroom water for drinking , kitchen water when it 's going to be boiled . -LRB- Tell the world my story if something happens to me . -RRB-
 Same thing as others experienced . Handle falls down . I own 3 Parisa faucets , purchased in 2005 . Had to replace all 3 cartridges . Now kitchen one is doing the same again . What good is a lifetime warranty if they wo n't answer the phone . They say they are having a high call volume every time I call . Either lots of people need warranty service , or they have 1 employee . I think they are hoping we will just go away . This company is owned by Black and Decker , another cheap product company . I am considering buying a new faucet at the store , then removing the cartridge and replace it with my bad one . Then return it to the store as defective , the store returns it to PP for credit , and PP is stuck with it . That is what they deserve , and maybe if they get hundreds that way , they might fix it , but probably not . No telling why they can not ask their Chinese suppliers to make a better product . Bottom line , do n't buy from PP .
 If I wanted a cheap kitchen facett I would have bought one!Not even two years with this facett and I 've had it . Who cares about good customer service . I would rather have good quality to begin with . I have no water pressure with this facett , but great pressure when the spray head is removed . Price Pfister has sent replacements twice . So what ! it still does n't work now it 's leaking from below the sink . Replace cartridge ? Why ??? it 's not even two years old and it 's been replaced twice before . I received a survey email from Price Pfister about three months ago wanting to know what I thought about this product . I let them know ! There was a place where they ask if I would like to be personally contacted , I said yes , gave them 3 ways to reach me and have never heard a thing back . This is cheap crap !
 I purchased this unit -LRB- 534-70SS -RRB- 15 months ago , and the first problem occured about 10 months after I purchased it . The water would be constantly dripping slowly when the faucet was turned off , and as days went by the water dripped more and more . I called them , and they sent me the cartridge assembly , but after replacing it , the handle would n't stay up when I turned the water on at slow flow setting . I called again , and they were nice enough to send me a brand new retail packaged unit without shipping cost to me . I replaced it , and it worked for the past 5 months , and now the handle again would n't stay up at low flow setting . I guess I have to live with it until another problem surfaced . It came with life time warranty , but what good is it if I have to replce the cartridge assembly -LRB- or the whole thing -RRB- every few months .
 I purchased this faucet years ago . The really liked the look of it and thought it should be nice for the price . -LRB- Back then it was $ 249.00 -RRB- When I took it out of the package I was surprised by how cheap the materials were . After it was installed , we noticed right away that the water slowly turns off if you have the pressure set less than full blast . It is real frustrating to try to wash small items . Apparently I am not the only one who 's had this problem , so I would never recommend this faucet to anyone . I really wish it worked better , I do think it 's a real attractive faucet .
 I bought this faucet in 2005 thinking Price Pfister was a better quality brand . The mechanism never worked as smoothly as I thought it should have , but recently began really being hard to work . In a matter of days , it basically quit completely . The major home do-it-yourself center I bought it at did not have the replacement cartridge . I called Price Pfister and they will send a replacement , but I have to pay shipping and handling and it will take 7-10 days . So I am without a kitchen sink for that time ! Or I could pay extra for expedited shipping . So for the price of shipping they have lost a customer . I would n't recommend buying anything Price Pfister .
 We purchased this faucet in May 2006 . It leaked by March 2007 , when I called to complain , I was told that was a common problem . Price Pfister sent a replacement faucet . The Ceramic Disc Cartridge failed in August 2010 . The replacement part Price Pfister sent was defective . I am now requesting another replacement part . That makes the 3rd problem with this faucet in 51 months .
 I bought this faucet 4 years ago and I 'm considering replacing it soon . I am going on my 3rd cartridge - which they send for free . Aside from replacing the cartridge frequently - which is a headache to deal with - I do not like the design.I like the concept of a pullout with a one-handle design . My main complaint is the design of the spray-head and tubing that runs to the water lines . If any watet is present -LRB- from hand transfer -RRB- on the spray-head , it tends to run down the tubing and onto the cabinet floor below the sink . I place a small bowl under the sink to catch these drips , which helps , but I do n't feel like I should have to do this for a nice faucet.I am now more informed about design and know what to look for next time in a faucet .
 I purchased this faucet at a local home center about 14 months ago . After about 5 months the head began to drip down the tube and then down the flexible snake into the cabinet . The company honored the warranty and sent me a new one right away . This one began to do the same thing after about 3 months . I am now on my 4th faucet head and it is even worse . The water squirts out the front as well . This is a piece of garbage . Instead of fixing the poor quality of design or workmanship , they probably figure it is cheaper to just keep replacing it . Sooner or later I will have to replace this with a quality product , another manufacturer of course .
 I too am disappointed in this faucet . We remodeled the kitchen and bought this faucet which matches nicely with our other stainless steel items . But the flow is very low -LRB- yes we have plenty of pressure coming in -RRB- , and as noted by others , the faucet shuts itself off if you try to have it on any less then full . We 're shopping for a replacement now .
 I want to complain about the handle which falls down and inadvertently turns the water off . You have to turn on the water at a high flow rate so that the handle will not fall . I also understand that other people have had this problem , It 's quite annoying . I am now contacting the manufacturer to either send me a new faucet that has this defect eliminated , or send me a refund .
 We bought this product about 15 months ago . Worked great for about 14 months , then the spay adjuster/selector on the bottom started to leak . Being the procrastinator I am I did n't look into getting it fixed because the holidays were coming up , and figured it could wait a little while . Now the whole selector piece has come out & as a result the sink is no longer able to be used !!! We 'll see what customer service at the local store says , this unit is no longer available locally , so I 'm hoping for a credit tward a new brand .
 Bought this faucet 2 years ago . After 1 year it started to malfunction & last week the end of the faucet broke off . Checked for warranty-replacement parts & Price Pfister said ` not available at this time ' ... I am very disappointed .
 This is a real shame . Nice faucet , but the sprayer broke off after 2 years and they do n't carry the parts . I 'm really disapointed because the design of this is perfect and I ca n't bring myself to buy another to have it break again . It would be different if the parts were available and I could fix it , but these days all these companies care about is the next new model and they do n't bother supporting their junk .
 I love the look of this faucet , I love the functionality of this faucet . I hate that in the 2 years I have owned this faucet , the pullout spray has broken twice . The problrm is a design flaw in the faucet head where you go from stream to spray . There is a plastic piece in there that breaks easily . Our home is not a high maintenance home , just 2 adults . It 's not like the faucet was abused . The first time I had to track down the part and it cost me $ 129 to fix it . Now the piece is n't available , so i 'm shopping for a new faucet . Do n't Buy this faucet !!!!
 Please read this first before you buy this lamp.I bought for the amber look to it . The look is greatin a rustic setting or in a room that has orangein it , etc. . But for the price I paid it was n't worth it $ 159.00 . The 3 way part does n't work at all.So my lamp is only a 2 way , which Ihave to wiggle to get it to turn on.I am looking for a new lamp . Do n't buy it .
 Jet made a huge splash with their Supersaw a few years ago . Now they do n't even make accessories for this expensive and highly promoted and expensive piece of machinery . If a company wo n't stand behind its products , its products are n't worth the tin and pot metal they are made from . I 'll never buy another Jet product .
 After compairing user reviews for Delta , Grizzley , and the JET , the Jet was an easy choice . It arrived in a timely manner without any shipping damage . During assembly and adjustment things began to get pear shaped . The silver vertical fence that holds the work piece at 90 degrees to the table and adjusts for beveling had a large burr in the upper edge . I 'm glad I noticed this before gouging a project piece . I filed the burr off . My table saw is left tilting -LRB- Rigid 3650 -RRB- so I had to move the bar that runs in the miter slot to the left side of the jig . This was no problem , however , neither the fence position scale nor the stop screw that prevents the jig from being able to hit the saw blade are functional . I do n't understand this unless the 3650 is markedly different then other table saws ? The main problem came when I tried to use the quick release function . When I loosened the small lock lever to release the guide bushing , it was frozen in the housing -LRB- no quick release -RRB- . After disassembly I discovered that the lower tapered bushing that locks / releases the guide bushing had burrs on it . I filed the burrs off , lubed up everything real good but still no cigar . The problem was that the lower bushing was cocking in it 's bore and not unlocking the guide bushing . I have been able to work around this defect by pushing down on the small lock lever after loosing it . This action pops the bushing free and enables ` quick release ' . Using this tool to make tenons seems to work fine , but , for all the hassle I should have bought the Grizzley for sixty bucks .
 I bought this over the Delta product based on the reviews I read on Amazon and other sites . It is quite hefty and eventually does what it is intended to do . However , it arrived soaked in grease that required a complete disassembly to clean off every part . The baseplate had some burs that required filing to prevent scratching my saw 's top . The measurement guage is a complete joke and on my saw can not be zeroed out -LRB- its off by > 3/16 -RRB- . The fine adjustment knob is extremely difficult to turn despite cleaning and relubricating which makes `` fine '' adjusting difficult . Nothing was accurate out of the box and everything required adjustment . The stop/set screw to limit the jig 's lateral movement to prevent it from going into the blade is too short to do what it is intended to do ... another complete joke.I realize the need for packing grease , but this was like it was dipped in a bucket of goo then wrapped for shipping . I do n't rely on a tool 's measuring scale for final cuts , but if it is put on a tool , it should at least be close enough for `` ballpark '' measurements . This is n't even in the ballpark . A safety feature like a stop to prevent this from hitting the blade should work for both miter bar positions . When the bar is in the far left position -LRB- required for my saw -RRB- , this is a useless feature.Save your money and buy one of the generic knockoffs from Woodcraft or Rockler or build your own .
 Just received this jig from Amazon this past week . Decided on the Jet vs. Delta due to the positive reviews of the Jet , and having owned Jet/Powermatic tools.This jig is borderline crap.Borderline meaning I can probably get it to work after I speak with Jet this week to get parts that actually work . The quick release holding device does n't work-period . Hoepfully Jet can get me the `` non quick-release '' device.Other issues such as the alignment fence does not go to 90 degrees due to poor design/oversized washers . But I can get that to work.The slignment of the jig to the saw blade is crude , to say the least . But I can get this correctly aligned with enough time and patience.All in all , I am disappointed with this jig . Not sure if the Delta would have been any better though.I own a Powermatic jointer , the Jet 12-36 lathe and a jet dust collector and am very happy with them . I have had my eye on the Jet 1642 lathe but now I am wondering if I should choose another brand .
 Bought this in a combo , and worked okay for a little bit . The first issue I had was that the blade chuck -LRB- or whatever you call it -RRB- came loose after one battery discharge . This meant that I had to take the plastic casing off of the tool to tighten the screws ... not a big deal ... but a pain -LRB- they loosened again , but i used some loc tite to prevent a third dissasembly -RRB- . Six months after purchase , the tool started to make horrible grinding sounds , and would not operate . From what I could tell , the main reciprocal gearing had become stripped , and the tool would no longer work . It has since been trashed , and been replaced -LRB- for now -RRB- with a Ryobi cordless and a Dewalt corded that have not had any issues as of this posting.I would look elsewhere for this type of tool , unless you would be using it very lightly ...
 Have had other Denali tools and have been very happy with them BUT this one I just got their reciprocating saw and attached the new battery fully charged and I hit the trigger and it went BURRrrr and froze up in less than a heart beat ... WHAT THE ??? very disappointed .
 This product comes with no battery and there 's no way to get batteries for this saw . I even did a googles search for the batteries to no avail . The manufacture should not be selling products that the customers will not be able to operate .
 It 's really very powerfull but it lasts only tens of seconds with one battery . What can I saw ???
 I bought this unit and tried to use it on 90 + furnaces and it would not read gross efficiency . That means that it would n't calculate the water vapor part of the equation . A call to the tech . department confirmed this ! Buy the 2x c155 instead .
 Not happy on how the clear part of the lens is not clear . I bought 2 pairs it 's the same on both.Shipping was quick . Price was fair .
 Not much to say , except that the wrong color was shipped . When I receive the correct color and install it , then I will write a better review based on craftsmanship , ease of install , and condition upon arrival . Where 's my mint green shower base ?
 This is a large very attractive `` tool '' box . However , it is produced in materials that are not adequate for carrying actual tools . The top and drawers are hard brittle plastic , the kind that will shatter if impacted by something hard . Also the drawer slides are not heavy duty enough to slide with a drawer full of heavy wrenches . This would be a nice box for light weight craft items , sewing , etc. , but not for mechanics tools .
 During a power surge from a transformer fire on the street , a number of appliances failed in our house -LRB- boiler , stove -RRB- . Also this x10 appliance module greatly overheated and/or caught fire . Wiring close by as well as the wall was thermally damaged . Model am486 .
 This is a warning about all X-10 products and particularly the surveillance cameras . From what I have been able to determine , it seems that their products communicate over the house wiring and are VERY susceptible to interference from almost anything that is plugged into the wall . This includes things like TV , CFL lights , or just about anything else that uses electricity . These camera units are advertized as `` wireless '' . If the unit requires signal to be sent over the house wiring is it wireless?I purchased a 4 camera surveillance system from X-10 in October 2010 . The system could not recognize more than one camera due to the `` interference '' in the wiring in a 2 year old house wired to code . After several calls to tech support , X-10 offered me the option of returning the items for a full refund since they would not work as advertised in our house . This was after following all of their troubleshooting , solutions for bridging the 110v-220v in the house , RF filters on the power supplies , and waiting for the moon and planets to align . The bottom line is
 I filled my house with these products thinking that it was great . The system worked okay until one day the $ 13 transceiver went out . I called customer service and they said that they would replace it but it would take two weeks after they received the part . A month later they still have not got the part to me ... They sent it to the wrong address once and I informed them of there error and they assured me that it was fixed . Well it was n't ... Anyway not to bore you with this , my opinion is if you want a cheesy system then buy it , do n't plan on using the warranty or customer service though .
 Here I go buying my 6th replacement part for my X10 system in 4 years . I use this stuff maybe a dozen times a year to power various pool accessories , ie . my pool waterfall pump and my spa light . My pool installers did n't include hand switches for these items , only the X10 setup , hence the continual part replacements . Next time one of these fails I will rip it all out and just install hand switches . Overall , these are good when they work , but they burn out regularly and are expensive to replace .
 The main complaint is the product is more plastic than stainless . Looks nice in my new sink but light weight plastic concerns me over the long haul . For the price product should be more substantial .
 Hi , buy your product a few days ago and the first use broke . I really like this product but not this time .
 I bought this at a local home center , but when I got it home found that it was at least 5 degrees off level -- the bubble did n't agree with the laser . Worse , there is no way to adjust either the bubble or the laser to make them sync up . I took it back .
 The Products picture is shown sitting like it could be used on a tripod or placed a top a ladder , But that is not the way the product works . You ca n't just sit the thing and project a line . It must be held in place by another person or fastened with push pins or there patented double face tape.It was complete disappointment when it arrived .
 If you 're just looking for a good laser line this might do the trick . If you need it plumb though , bring another level with you.I 've spent the last six hours or so tinkering with one of these . It looked like a great , useful design , and has several nice features . Sadly , those niceties pale in comparison to its biggest flaw
 I bought this for home use . When I got home , I installed brand new batteries , turned on the power switch , and nothing happened . I tried a few times ; I tried different batteries -- still nothing . Battery compartment was also awkward to open . You need to line up the inside of the battery cover and pull to open , but if you do n't line it up just right , you 'll miss the groove inside the compartment . Not only will you have a hard time opening the compartment , but by the time you do , you 've nearly wrecked the part of the compartment cover that 's supposed to fit into the grooves inside the compartment . Needless to say , I returned this item .
 We purchased this a while back , and I did n't save the warranty -LRB- dumb -RRB- . I thought this would be a grand help in re-tiling the bath . But after under an hour use , the light went out . I tested batteries , installed new ones all to no avail . The manufacturer 's web site says there are no serviceable parts . So , other than a paperweight I do n't see a use . That 's quite a bit on money to blow on something that ca n't be fixed .
 I bought this gadget to save time , mistakes , etc. installing new chair rail in 2 large rooms . I spent an hour just trying to figure out it 's accuracy level which , unlike other lasers , is not stated on the box nor the instruction/spec sheet inside . The jury is still out on accuracy since the instructions do not include explanations for many of the features it seems to have so I will try to figure them out as I go - or maybe I 'll just return it for a better model . Stay tuned ...
 CAN NOT USE BECAUSE THE BATTERY PACK ARE OUT OF STOCK , AND THEY HAVE NO IDEA WHEN AVAILABLE ???? nIce to look at .
 I purchase 10 of these screw-in modules . Not one of them work reliably or at all and NOT for compact low power lamps . It would be nice to know before purchase of these lamp modules did to work with fluorescent lamps . I recommend the plug-in modules to be much more reliable .
 The range on this thing was about 3 feet , I tried about 6 feet away with line of sight and it did not work . I tried about 3 feet away through a wall and it did not work . I threw them away .
 Believe what other reviews say about the limited distance this device will work . It actually only worked a couple of times then stopped all together . A disappointment .
 I have several of this type of switch for my x10 home and this one is by far the worst . When it arrived all of the switch covers were loose in the box and none of them stay on . I 've lost one already making that switch difficult to use . I am now looking for more like my older models .
 With X10 products you need some measure of luck . When they work , they are excellent . Change what 's plugged in near the transmitter or receiver , it might stop working . These switches worked pretty well the first day but not after that . In the future I might use it in a different way and with luck , it will work.Update
 We bought this garbage disposal last November when we remodeled our kitchen . Did n't buy it from Amazon , but the thing is almost worthless . It wo n't grind up anything that is n't soft to begin with . I gave it one star because it works great for cat food , but it wo n't even grind up a lime - just chews it and then the rind keeps going round and round inside till you finally have to pull it out . We even called the company to complain and they sent out a service technician who was also surprised it would n't even handle a lime , so he replaced it with a new one -LRB- same model , unfortunately -RRB- and the new one is just as bad as the old one . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk . We wish we had n't . You 'll end up having to throw most everything in the trash rather than down the disposal . We 're going to live with it as long as we can and then replace the stupid thing .
 i replaced a worn out model # 7 , with this new unit , i agree it is super quiet , but what they don ; t tell you is , if you have a sink with a thicker bottom , you need an adapter which costs an extra $ 80.00 , the black `` stopper '' that you need to turn to start the disposer is nearly impossible to get right and engage the motor , plus it does n't let water drain through it fast enough , especially when emptying a large pot -- Lastly and most annoying is you have to push waste down into the unit with your hand , not something i like to do . 0h i miss my old # 7 .
 I bought this model expecting a really good disposer . It is well insulated but it does not grind well at all . You really need to be careful about what you put in it . I just put turkey bones in and it can not handle the breast bone after a lengthy run . I fished it out .
 Term and conditionThis product has `` 6 Year We Come To You In Home Parts & Labor Service Warranty '' . Does someone see `` term and condition '' of these service ? Some phone number ? How many days do you need waiting to fix your problem ? Answer is only `` NO '' . It is trick .
 big surprice , nail gun is not sequencial trigger . have to order seperate trigger part . takes a week to get the part tru hitachi . 1st job site use , use 1 1/4 '' coil roofing nail brand new box . could not get the nail to come out each shot . takes about 7 to 15 shot for 5 nail to comes out per shingle . move the chamber adjustment level to all position , check and lube nail moving mechanism . replace coil nail after coil nail . nail still will not come out each shot . did not recall having getting 5 nail at a time . what a disapointment . we own a hitachi framing nail gun , a hitachi jack hammer , a hitachi twin tank compressor . a hitachi miter saw . so we decide to get a hitachi roofing nail gun when my bostitch roofing nail gun fail . big mistake . should have buy a milwaukee instead , or bostitch -LRB- does not last but dependable when working -RRB- . my advise , do n't trust the brand , or buy online . buy local so you can return it fast when you have problem , specially 1st time use on the job site .
 i have returned 4 hitachi roofingnailers in past 2 months and im on my way to return my 5th . repeating problem is that gun drives crooked nails or skips them right after taken out of the box . and it hapenes with every 3rd or so nail . my last hitachi lasted for 1,5 years until tools body wore thin and i cut myself with an sharp edge but never failed me . last 5 have been total dissapointment . i must add that pressure , nails nor anything else has changed and every other nailer in the crew works flawlessly except my brand new hitachis . i lose money every day and returning takes time . i had trust for hitachi but something somewhere has gone terribly wrong . every time i go and replace my gun i choose different store but it doesnt help . 4 guns returned thus far and people at local lowes have started to look at me like there was a problem in me . if you buy one make sure you buy an hell of a warranty with it .
 Purchased a Hitachi NV45AB2 from Amazon . Used two different compressors -LRB- 4 gal 1 hp CH extreme and a 20 gal Sanborn 5 hp -RRB- at various pressures up to 115 psi . But had to hand set about every third nail while applying Corning 40 year shingles . Returned the nailer to Amazon for a second Hitachi NV45AB2 nailer but still had the same problem . Lent the nailer to my son who uses a third brand of compressor -LRB- dual tank but do n't know the brand -RRB- . He reported the same problems applying composite siding but said it seem to get better with use . First Hitachi I bought based upon my son 's experience with other Hitachi products and its reputation . Do n't think I 'd purchase another one .
 The gun is easy to handle and gets into tight spots , but does not have to power to drive and set a 3 '' nail .
 The main complaint is the product is more plastic than stainless . Looks nice in my new sink but light weight plastic concerns me over the long haul . For the price product should be more substantial .
 I would n't know how good a machine this is - I have never used it . When the unit arrived , I set it up per the instructions and plugged it in . As soon as I turned on the conveyor speed control , the circuit breaker in my shop blew . Turns out the speed controller was bad . I guess they never even tried the unit out before packaging it at the factory . LOUSY QUALITY CONTROL !!!! Called the mfg. for a new part and they first tried to charge me for it and then `` had '' to charge me $ 28 to have the part overnighted to me -LRB- otherwise I had to wait a week for it -RRB- . I wo n't buy from this company again .
 I have owned this drum sander for around two years and I am finding that I use it less and less in my shop . One of the first problems I had with it was the tracking guides for the table belt caused premature failure of the belt . They actually tore the belt . Once I removed them , I had better success with the replacement belt , but you need to watch the tracking closely.I felt that this drum sander was under powered for its size . I had constant problems with the onboard circuit breaker activating while doing just minimum sanding . The breaker button would not reset for 5 minutes , so I finally by-passed it . That helped out a lot.It was n't like I was attempting to sand '' off of a 12 '' wide board , sometimes the breaker would trip when I was sanding a 4 '' wide piece of Oak and sanding off less than 1/16 '' . It was very frustrating.The sanding belt itself is a trip to get on and once it 's on , it is hard to keep it on until you run some pieces of wood through it . The belt needs constant attention during the wear in , or you will tear/rip it and it will be useless . It seems the belt stretches some with friction heat and you have to readjust it or it will tear.This unit is just not worth the money in my opinion . Bigger IS better .
 I purchased this Jet 10-20 this past summer to clean up 300 square feet of IPE porch floor wood.Well I received the unit that must have had the worst tracking problem of them all . I followed all of the instructions and all of the suggestions from these -LRB- Amazon -RRB- reviews to no avail . The belt tracked off to the left every time in a few minutes no matter where the tracking was set . I ruined several $ 40 drive belts . The drive belt will run off the edge and tear it self up at the seam with no warning.I had to get the job done so I just machined a couple of groves into the out bound roller and put on `` shoulder '' retaining rings . This allowed the belt to run into the `` shoulders '' and then roll over on itself , but not tear itself in half . After many hours of this the belt `` lost '' about 2 inches of usable width . This was acceptable because I was sanding 6 inch wide boards.A second serious problem is the hold down springs on the sanding drum mount . These spring provide the downward force necessary so the drive belt can move the wood through the sander . These springs measured about 2 pounds of force . The friction force that holds the wood to the drive belt comes the downward force of these springs times the coefficient of friction of the sand covered drive belt . This 2 pound downward force is simply way too low for sanding hard wood -LRB- it only worked on narrow cedar for me -RRB- . I had to replace the springs with ones I measured at 20 pounds force . This drastically improved the performance.On a subsequent project I tried for several hours , on the recommendation from the service guy at Hartville Tool , to extremely slowly adjust the tracking setting . Well , after hours , this finally worked , but only for that drive belt . Absolutely not worth the effort for each drive belt . No tool should take hours to become functional . It is a very poor design . I was told that the 16-20 does not have this problem.Another annoying problem is that the sanding belts get tight on the right side of the drum and loose on the left side of the drum , no matter how tight they start out at -LRB- because the right side of the belt is in tension and the left side of the belt is in compression , since it is spirally wrapped from left to right -RRB- . This results in more material being removed from the left side of the board than the right ; do the increased diameter of the loose belt on the left side of the drum.Yet another problem is that the exhaust port has a cross member for rigidity that simply serves to catch all the dust going by and clogs up every 10 to 15 minutes . The only solution was to cut the plastic cross member out -LRB- the port is still strong enough -RRB- . It seems that this unit was only designed for very soft wood ; as that is all it does with out extreme hassle.I asked all the local wood tool stores why they do n't sell this item - too many complaints was their answer.The reason I choose this over the 16-20 was that this weighed only 100 pounds and hence was portable and of course it was less expensive.Until Jet fixes all these problems I do not recommend this unit .
 I have two of these machines at my disposal , , one in my home shop and one at a community woodshop in an adult activity center . It is not a planer , it is a finish sander , requiring light passes , i/8 turn on the top control wheel . Problem # 1 is that the motor is way too fast for this type of sander . Regardless how careful you sand , cherry and some maples will pick up burn marks . No matter how tight you wrap the sanding belt on the drum , it will expand -LRB- lengthen -RRB- and slip , overlap or leave the machine . Tracking has been no problem on either machine . After reading other reviews , Jet must have dropped quality control along the way . Both machines have been modified as follows
 the first day i used the drum sander was nice . . the machine did ok . i have had this machine for nearly a year . 2 conveyor belts ripped . the wood is frequently burned . . i have done very very light passes and still the result is very poor.also , have adjusted this `` thing '' to the hilt . i have tried to get amazon to help me get a differrent machine from performax or themselves since the 1st 60 days i owed it . i never use this machine anymore as it actually takes longer to use it and then hand sand with my orbital sander afterwards . . i am very dissapoited with it as well as amazon . i buy quite a bit from them . not any more . . unless it is an unbelievable deal . ha ha.i would recomend a bigger machine if you do get one . . not a performax . it was a waste of over $ 500 . it just collects dust in the shop . also , i have learned from this experience that one should buy from a local retailer as much as possible , for anything over $ 100 , they will try to make things right for you much more than amazon . try woodcraft.com , even sears has these sanders . good luck . dont buy it
 I bought this sander for $ 500 from Woodcraft for my guitar shop . When I got it home , I unpacked it and was quite pleased by the apparent quality of the machine . It sanded quite well , and the sanding belt was very easy to change . Also , the overload protection worked flawlessly . However , no matter what I did , the belt would not track properly . I called Performax , and they sent me a new conveyor belt -LRB- twice -RRB- , but still , it tracked hard left . This is a problem because eventually the belt eats itself from going off the side of the rollers and jams into a bracket under the table . I took the sander back to woodcraft for repair -LRB- they were very cool about this -RRB- , and they could not get it to track properly either . This has apparently been a problem with the 16-32 as well . Well , to make a long story short , Performax told them it would be 1-2 months for a replacement part or unit . After a month at Woodcraft -LRB- who apparently replaced one of the rollers -RRB- , they gave it back and the darn thing STILL will not track properly . No matter how I adjust the rollers , it always tracks to the left !!! I 'm VERY disappointed here - after years of hearing how great Jet and Performax are -LRB- they 're all owned by WMH tool group -RRB- , I thought I 'd have no problems . Oh well - maybe it does n't pay to go with the name ... I realize that this unit is made in the far east , but I 'd hope that Performax would n't put it 's good name and valuable reputation on such a piece of junk !
 If you buy this machine and get a `` GOOD '' one , then you will probably have made a good investment , it will perform as advertised , and you will very satisfied . If you get a `` BAD '' one , it will not perform as advertised , you will probably not be able to get satisfaction from Performax or Amazon , and you will be miserable.Based on the reviews that I read , the probability of getting a `` BAD '' one appears to be at least 10 % . This indicates exceedingly poor quality control for this day and age.If it falls in the `` BAD '' category it will likely be because the conveyor belt will not track , and/or the DC motor stops at the slightest indication of overload . No matter how much you try , you probably wo n't overcome these obstacles.If you decide to buy this sander , I recommend that you buy it only from a local retailer , with a clear understanding that you can return it to the retailer within 30 days , for any reason , for a full refund . If you buy it via the internet you will not have these options.I purchased one from a local distributor with this understanding , in writing . I got a `` BAD '' one . The conveyor belt would not track , and the DC motor kicked out repeatedly at the lightest load levels I could put on it.I tossed it back into the box , took it back to the distributor , and got my money back . I ended up happy . The distributor did not .
 When I first got this sander a year ago ,1 . first thing the conveyer belt fell off and tore itself to pieces .2 . 220 grit sand paper just does n't stay in place on this sander 's drum . Just today , 2 wraps of new 220 grit paper self destructed . The clamps just do n't hold .3 . I can never get hold of performax -LRB- WMH ? tool group -RRB- for any technical assistance . It 's one of those `` I am either on the phone with another customer or away from my desk '' but they never seem to come back .4 . The sand paper is expensive especially in precut rolls so I am going to get bulk rolls so losing a wrap is not so painful .5 . The alignment of the drum to the coveyer does n't stay put very well .6 . You ca n't use just any dust collector to collect the rather fine dust . It plugged up my first one but now I have a cyclone and it is satisfactory.BUT , NOW I am addicted to the wonderful concept of wide sanding -LRB- no tear out anymore -RRB- , so I will keep on trying to get around these problems .
 When I saw this tool advertised , it was just what I wanted . A compact sander to do finish work . I was excited when I bought this tool and when it arrived it appeared to be an excellent piece of equipment . It looks like a well engineered and well built piece of equipment . Then I tried using it . I always thought Performax to be a good manufacturer of machinery and had little doubt that this would be a quality piece of equipment . I have been a semi-professional woodworker for over 25 years and have purchased equipment made by numerous manufacturers . I have never been more disappointed with a purchase than this one . The manufacturer states that it can be used for stock removal and comes with a 60 grit belt installed . As I said , I wanted it for finish sanding and replaced the belt with a 120 grit . A 1/4 turn on the height adjustment knob is stated as a cut of 1/32 of an inch . However , this sander can not take off 1/64 of an inch of relatively soft stock without throwing the internal breaker on the motor . The 1 HP motor does not appear to be under strain , but it continually throws the breaker-even with an incredibly light cut . No way can this tool be used for stock removal.It took me over an hour to get the infeed belt to track correctly and after about 30 minutes of use the abrasive began to peel off the belt at the seam . I ca n't get the drum set up parallel to the infeed belt to sand stock wider than 10 '' and get an acceptably smooth surface . I have adjusted it numerous times according to the instruction manual but can not get it to work.I can not begin to describe how frustrating this machine is to use . It looks good in my shop , but it is a useless piece of equipment as it simply does not work .
 I would not buy this again ! the belts are very difficult to replace , and do not stay tight , and fly off for no apparent reason -LRB- the clips are of poor quality and tend to not hold the sand belt -RRB- . In addition , the , so called repair center , appears to not know how to repair JET products . I will probably not by JET again . A big part of the problem with JET and other `` manufacturers '' is this ... MADE IN CHINA !!! WAKE UP PEOPLE , WE MAKE CHINA RICH AT THIS COUNTRY 'S AND ITS PEOPLE 'S EXPENSE , AND HOW ABOUT TRADE DEFFICITS AND NATIONAL DEBT , AND GUESS WHO BUYS OUR DEBT !!! Read my review of the Jet 1442 Lathe ; It is as sorry as this machine !
 I ordered this router to cut different joints etc. . The plunge depth adjustment does not allow for repeatable accuracy . Also , the router motor can be flexed in the base attachment , resulting in inaccurate cuts . The router arrived in a box without any type of padding material . It was fine , but that 's just not a good way to ship a tool.Another little feature I personally do n't like is that the base is not round . It has part of the circular section cut off , probably for use with a guide edge of some sort . This has n't worked well for me in practice , because it is a little difficult to keep this section perfectly flat against a guide . When that happens the distance of the cutter to the guide is effectively changed , resulting in a cut that is off . A completely round base would not have this problem . You only have one arbitrary to keep against your guide.I like the power and the adjustable speed , but that by itself does not make a useful router . If you only want to profile edges this might be good.I would not recommend anyone seriously interested in doing any kind of joinery buy this router .
 Bought this router for use in a Skil router table instead of installing and then uninstalling my Hitachi 2-1/4 HP router . Big mistake . There were a few problems that made it useless for that purpose :1 . The router would n't `` lock '' into the base . Even after the unit was adjusted and the cam lock was set there was still some play betwen the router motor and the base . The motor would actually shift postion when the stock was fed into the bit .2 . The router sat too far below the top of the router table . Even with the motor bottomed out in the base -LRB- set as high in the base under the table as it would go -RRB- if you dropped a standard router bit into the collet the bit would n't project high enough above the table to get a full profile cut . The bit had to be raised out of the collet a bit to work properly .3 . The router lost power and would maintain speed . The router would slowly spin up to its operating RPM but when stock was fed the moter would lose power and the bit would stop . This was probably the reason it was returned in the first place and it looks like Skil did n't fix the problem.As bad as the router was , customer service at CPO Outlets was great . Quick response to my e-mail , they paid for the return of the router and gave me a full refund for the tool . No hassles at all .
 Bought these quick corners hoping they would speed up prep-work , but they serisously do n't stick well . Sure they 're for `` delicate surfaces '' , but even on flat painted walls/ceiling that should be easy to adhear to , these corner tabs kept falling off and paint would easily slip under the edges . Save the troule and money and just use masking tape in the corner .
 I bought a 22-44 in February . It took two additional months for the stand to arrive , and another 30 days to get the infeed/outfeed tables . The stand and tables are just sheet metal , so I have no idea why it would take so long to get them , nor why they cost so much . I would recommend you spend your money on two quality roller stands rather than the infeed/outfeed tables . I have been unable to get the tables to set up so that the stock is fully in contact with the tables . One side is always low , or it is uneven front to back , no matter what I try . The result is that the first and last couple inches of your stock gets gouged more by the drum , especially with stock that extends beyond the tables . I am very unimpressed with them . You can also get 4 casters to roll the stand around on for far less than the $ 100 Performax dealers charge.There is a complicated clip on the end of the drum closest to the motor . It is hard to get at , and the sander comes with a special tool to hold the clip open so you can feed the end of the sandpaper in . Why it does n't have the simple clip on that end and the more complicated one out on the open end , where you have all the room in the world to work with it , is beyond me.I could not feed a panel wider than the sander through , flip it around , and feed it through the other way , and have the entire panel smooth . But , to be fair , I did n't mess around with it much , so that might just be a matter of some adjusting.The sandpaper rolls are easy nor quick to replace . They are not that cheap , either . You can buy the bulk rolls and cut your own , but I have n't tried that , yet . The first one self destructed shortly after I put it on . They also gum up quickly on pitch and especially glue , so you wind up scoring lines in your stock as it feeds through , at least with pine , which has a lot of pitch , anyway . I never got the chace to run any maple through it , because of what happened in the next paragraph.I 've had no problems with the drum motor , and the self-controlling conveyor belt motor works well , too . The conveyor belt itself was semi-permanently bent in the shape of the rollers on either end , so there were two spots on the belt where it humped up . That seems to be fixing itself as it ran a few times . The outside edge of the conveyor belt was ragged before I even used it . I ran the sander less than a dozen times before the conveyor belt snagged on something on the underside and peeled itself diagonally off the track . I have not found a place to get a replacement , and just emailed JET 's customer support center to see what I need to do to get one.With the infeed/outfeed tables attached , this tool takes up a lot of room . A good dust collector is an absolute must for this tool . Oh yeah , the dustcover , on top of the drum is cheap , flexible plastic.So , overall , I 'm not that happy with it . It took a long time to get , it was a lot of money , the extra parts are unimpressive , and it is now sitting idle , taking up lots of my limited workspace while I search around for a replacement conveyor belt , which I 'm sure is going to be a chore to put on , once I get it . It seems like it will be a fairly good tool for panels that are 20 inches wide or less . I focus on making box-jointed blanket boxes , with glued up panels of about 18 inches , so I bought this tool specifically because of its width.www.cindys-treasures . com
 When this thing is tuned and working properly , it 's a great machine . Alas , those moments are rare . I spend more time adjusting it than actually using it.First , setting the sanding drum parallel to the table is a pain in the ass . The owner 's manual says that parallelism is set at the factory and should not hafta be set by the owner . When I received mine , it was out by 3/8 '' ! This is a huge amount . Obviously , the quality control department was at lunch when my machine was assembled.To set the parallelism , four bolts are loosed and a knob is turned . The problem arises from the fact that there is so much play in these components , that by the time everything is re-tightened , it is out of parallel again . So , to set it is very much a hit-or-miss process.Second , attaching the sandpaper belt to the drum is another pain in the ass . There are two clips that hold the sandpaper , one on either end . The first one is easy to set because it is on the outboard and you can see it and reach it . But the in-board clip can not be seen . The clearance between the drum and the frame is really tight . Performax supplies a wire thingamajig to open the clip and keep the sandpaper taut . This works kinda . But if you have bear paws for hands , forget it.Third , it 's tough to keep the sandpaper taut . Pulling the sandpaper taut , working the thingamajig and pulling the tab into the clip is an exercise in frustration . Then the belts will stretch and need to be re-tightened . And the belts will always rise away from the drum by about 1 mm where they turn into clip . The clip is at 90 degrees to the drum , so , you could crease the sandpaper so it fits better but when you do that , it weakens the sandpaper and it will break . So , with this bump , you really do n't have a full 22 '' because it does n't sand correctly at the bump in the sandpaper . And forget trying to sand something 44 '' wide-I 'd rather use 36 grit as toilet paper than sand a wide face frame.Fourth , wood burns for no apparent reason . I get these areas , usually 3/8 '' wide where something attaches itself to the belt and boom , there is a band of pitch that is burned onto the sandpaper and will never come off . This pitch immediately starts gouging the wood . I use a dust collector rated at 1100 CFM and I clean the belt often with a crepe rubber stick . Also , whenever I sand something greater than 6 '' wide I increase the depth of cut only 1/8 of a revolution at a time -LRB- 1/128 '' -RRB- . I 'll also do multiple passes at each depth . So , I 've come to the conclusion that this is underpowered . -LRB- And no , there are no glue linescausing this . -RRB- The automatic feed limiter does n't solve this problem . In fact , if the feed limiter kicks in , at least 50 % of the time , I 'll get a wide swath of burn marks . So , I always feed so slow the feed limiter does n't kick in.Fifth , the belts break long before the abrasive is gone . And given the cost of these belts , it makes using this machine too expensive.Now there are a few good things . The tracking of the conveyor belt is easy to set and it stays there . I 've never had a problem with the flex in the cantilevered design . Snipe is an easily managed issue . And when it is perfectly adjusted , the belts are taut and new , it is a beautiful machine.One reviewer mentioned that he never uses his planer anymore . I think this reviewer has spent way too much time in the finishing room without the exhaust fan turned on . Using this to true and square lumber would take 10X as long as a jointer/planer . Another reviewer mentioned that this machine will leave a surface ready for staining/finish . Well , maybe , depending on the particular application . But one reason I got mine was to flatten doors after glue up . Because the rails run parallel to axis of the machine , the resulting sanding marks are perpendicular to the grain direction . Most people , myself included , find this objectionable.In conclusion , unless you like fiddling with your machines more than you like working wood , stay away from this.UPDATE A friend reccommended that I not use the crepe rubber to clean my belts . This has helped reduce burning a lot . So , I would now give this machine 3 stars and strongly reccommend that you do not use the crepe rubber pad sold by Griizly for cleaning drum sanders .
 I got the product quick but I could n't hook it up . Even with the directions , it did n't help and I have n't been able to use it . Very disappointed .
 Product did not fit either my tub or sink faucet , to inexpensive to go through the hassle to return it
 Do n't be fooled . This will not work with your bathtub unless your faucet is the same type as the one in your kitchen , if you have any type of bath-tub type faucet it will not fit . Ironically , I ended up finding a long hose with a kitchen sprayer type nozzle at a hardware store that is perfect , stays on the shower head all the time , is easy to shift back and forth and cost me about $ 7 .
 This is not meant for regular sized faucets , typically found in most houses . The rubberized material used to connect the sprayer to faucet comes off too easily the moment you turn on the water flow . Dont waste time on this product .
 This items states will work indoors . It fits NONE of my faucets inside so I do n't know what faucet it would adhere to . Waste of monies and to late to mail back . Very disappointed .
 Purchased product from MB Worldwide LLC . Unfortunately , the item pictured and described did not match the item received . The picture and description of the item is the Rinse Ace 3 Way Pet Faucet Sprayer -LRB- as shown at Rinse Ace website -RRB- . The item received was the Rinse Ace Indoor/Outdoor Pet Faucet Sprayer -LRB- which has a square sprayer head and no 3 way sprayer -RRB- . Based on the information provided in the listing , I thought I was receiving the 3 way sprayer . Unfortunately , I had to return the item . Some sellers should be more accurate with their pictures and descriptions in order to avoid returns . With the exception of this item , my experience with Amazon purchases has always been a positive one .
 there 's got ta be a better product out there , this was ok but my hands would get tired of holding it since I had to keep pressing to keep the water going .
 Does n't work unless you have a straight nozzle . I ca n't use it on any off the faucets in the house . I bought this so I could wash my dogs with warm water in the tub but the only nozzle it fits is outside where the cold water is and I could use a hose for that
 I bought one of these products several months ago so I could more easily wash my two Shih Tzus in my bathroom tub . I had such a difficult time getting the hose connector inserted into the aerator . You have to align tabs on the connector with arrows on the aerator , push the connector up into the aerator and turn clockwise -LRB- according to the instructions -RRB- . After quite a struggle , I decided to turn it counter-clockwise , which worked . I was able to use the sprayer to bathe my dogs -LRB- finally ! -RRB- . It really made bathing them a lot easier , but I was tired before I ever got started.Since this product was being used in my tub , I needed to be able to remove it when not in use . After a couple of times of removing it when no longer in use , and then replacing it when it was needed , the tabs started rounding off on the edges . After using it about 4 or 5 times , the connector would no longer lock into the aerator so the product became useless to us.I foolishly decided to buy another one several months later because it is really difficult to bathe two Shih Tzus using buckets of water to rinse them . Again , the directions said to turn the connector clockwise -LRB- but I already knew to turn it counter-clockwise -RRB- . However , even knowing to turn it CCW , it was very difficult to get the connector to lock into place . Then , after struggling to get the connector to lock into place , the new aerator leaked . -LRB- I tried reversing the washer ; I tried using the other washer , although per the instructions I was using the correct one to begin with ; I tried tightening the aerator ; all to no avail . -RRB- Fortunately , I still had the old aerator . But , I had to undo everything -LRB- after all that struggling -RRB- and start all over . The old aerator did n't leak , so I was finally able to wash the dogs , but now I 'm afraid to disconnect it.Since it does make washing the dogs easier , I 'll give it 2 stars , but I can not recommend this product until the manufacturer comes up with an easier -LRB- and lasting -RRB- way to connect and disconnect the connector from the aerator .
 Not reaching adequate temp . You will be better off with a plastic cheapo heat gun .
 Thought this would have made more plaster id go with premixed plaster next time most defenetly but this will do the job just watch cus it sets real fast
 i bought this stuff for the price and wasted my money . it breaks easily when mixed properly , it is too watery . its good for covering nail holes in walls but thats it .
 Same problem as other reviewer . Could not install switch cover on slave unit . Hole too small . I 'm not going to drill and use special screws . totally unacceptable product ! Will be returning 3 sets .
 I order this item on September 5th . Expected delivery date was September 15th . Long time but OK . On September 17th the item still has not arrived . I 'm not even sure if I have to be home to sign for etc. . I contacted customer support and was told everything I already knew . The young lady from a land far , far away repeated the website info . She did n't know where it was or how to find it . She informed me that if it was n't here by September 21st , to call back to cancel the order and reorder . So , I 'll make myself a note to call on the 21st . Hope I remember to do that . I told her that as an Amazon Prime member I certainly did n't expect overnight delivery but 12 days from time of order was excessive . Her reply ... . sorry about that . The moral of the story is to find a better tool vender . This is one area Amazon obviously has a lot of work remaining to do in . I expect the performance review will be stellar as everyone I know that owns this sander is in love with it . Ca n't wait ... . well , I guess I can
 When this thing is tuned and working properly , it 's a great machine . Alas , those moments are rare . I spend more time adjusting it than actually using it.First , setting the sanding drum parallel to the table is a pain in the ass . The owner 's manual says that parallelism is set at the factory and should not hafta be set by the owner . When I received mine , it was out by 3/8 '' ! This is a huge amount . Obviously , the quality control department was at lunch when my machine was assembled.To set the parallelism , four bolts are loosed and a knob is turned . The problem arises from the fact that there is so much play in these components , that by the time everything is re-tightened , it is out of parallel again . So , to set it is very much a hit-or-miss process.Second , attaching the sandpaper belt to the drum is another pain in the ass . There are two clips that hold the sandpaper , one on either end . The first one is easy to set because it is on the outboard and you can see it and reach it . But the in-board clip can not be seen . The clearance between the drum and the frame is really tight . Performax supplies a wire thingamajig to open the clip and keep the sandpaper taut . This works kinda . But if you have bear paws for hands , forget it.Third , it 's tough to keep the sandpaper taut . Pulling the sandpaper taut , working the thingamajig and pulling the tab into the clip is an exercise in frustration . Then the belts will stretch and need to be re-tightened . And the belts will always rise away from the drum by about 1 mm where they turn into clip . The clip is at 90 degrees to the drum , so , you could crease the sandpaper so it fits better but when you do that , it weakens the sandpaper and it will break . So , with this bump , you really do n't have a full 22 '' because it does n't sand correctly at the bump in the sandpaper . And forget trying to sand something 44 '' wide-I 'd rather use 36 grit as toilet paper than sand a wide face frame.Fourth , wood burns for no apparent reason . I get these areas , usually 3/8 '' wide where something attaches itself to the belt and boom , there is a band of pitch that is burned onto the sandpaper and will never come off . This pitch immediately starts gouging the wood . I use a dust collector rated at 1100 CFM and I clean the belt often with a crepe rubber stick . Also , whenever I sand something greater than 6 '' wide I increase the depth of cut only 1/8 of a revolution at a time -LRB- 1/128 '' -RRB- . So , I 've come to the conclusion that this is underpowered.The automatic feed limiter does n't solve this problem . In fact , if the feed limiter kicks in , at least 50 % of the time , I 'll get a wide swath of burn marks . So , I always feed so slow the feed limiter does n't kick in.Fifth , the belts break long before the abrasive is gone . And given the cost of these belts , it makes using this machine too expensive.So , unless you like fiddling with your machines more than you like working wood , stay away from this.Oh , there are a few good points . The stand is nice and sturdy . The casters are great . And the stand has a nice shelf to store sandpaper . Nice paint job too.UPDATE A friend reccommended that I not use the crepe rubber to clean my belts . This has helped reduce burning a lot . So , I would now give this machine 3 stars and strongly reccommend that you do not use the crepe rubber pad sold by Grizzly for cleaning drum sanders .
 This tile saw may be usefull for small applications but I found that it was just not sufficiant for cutting multiple 12 inch tiles . I ended up getting an mk660 off amazon that worked wonders . Check it out it 's an awesome tile saw .
 I do n't know how this saw will perform , since it came with several parts missing or broken , and no manual or instructions . To their credit , PlasPlugs responded promptly to a phone call and provided replacement parts . Perhaps when I get it assembled it will run ok , but I do n't think Amazon can be trusted to provide you with a working model .
 The idea is great . When I first put them in -LRB- 3 -RRB- they worked great then two of them started coming on by them selves . When I did a little checking on line it would seem this is quite common . So far I have only had problems with this type of switch , so I am thinking of changing them to the XPS3 which requires a neutral wire , but it seems to be a more heavy duty & reliable switch .
 We bought 2 of these to use with a remote control device . Both switches stopped working all together after less than 1 week . They could not even be operated manually ! We are not sure of where to go from here , but we are loathe to buy 2 more and try again .
 The X10 remote control light dimmer switch I ordered did not work correctly . The light , at full illumination with the X10 switch was much dimmer than the light used with a standard switch . Since it would cost me as much , or more , to pay to return the item for repair than I paid for it originally , I put a standard switch in and called it a day .
 Well we tried using this with fluorescent bulbs , which came on , but would not turn off . Then we tried using this with 4-watt LED bulbs , it did not work . Then later I doubled them up to see if it would work with 8-watts of LED , so I guess this receiver only works with the older incandescent bulbs .
 Unit did not function . Can not tell if this is a problem with the unit or my circuitry . Previous unit worked for some time , but then would not function properly .
 Sorry , but I have to give this hose a thumbs down . With all of the connectors and attachments , I have n't yet been able to find a combination that does n't leak horribly -- either at the base , or at the handpiece . One almost needs to certainly wear shorts or a bathing suit to use the hose because it 's guaranteed you 'll get wet while using it . I 'd send it back if I had n't already thrown out the box -LRB- still debating , actually -RRB- .
 The hose comes without any kind of manual or instruction , so you 'll have to figure out how to use all the connectors on your own . This is a minor issue . No warranty or manufacturer information either . This is more serious . Finally - the major problem . The hose broke after one week of use . Obviously , this kind of hose can not be repaired.Stay away from this one , and all the flat hoses in general .
 Bought this product a few weeks ago . Took it out of the box today , turned it on , and it started smoking the second the power was turned on . Naturally the time has expired to get a refund on it . Do n't waste your money on this item . The motor was burned up before it ever came out of the box .
 First off , this table arrived with pieces falling out of a box that looked like it had been shipped around the world . The metal is sprayed with green enamel paint - I expected it to be black since it was described as wrought iron . The wood slats are chipped and dinged . I will have to sand and varnish them . I would have expected a price of at least half of what I paid for the quality of the table .
 Yes they do kink . In fact ALL THE TIME . They do not corner . They get tangled ALL THE TIME . Very Irritating Product . After 3 weeks of use , we will be throwing this hose out and getting something that WORKS .
 They work like a slinky ... which means you end up annoyed playing with it and never get to use it because it tangles , snaps back and clogs ... oh and water never gets to come out where you want it ...
 My husband bought a coil hose at a major hardware department store . The quality of that hose was so poor that I turned to amazon is search of something better . This hose caught my attention because it resembled the hose I was replacing , purchased years ago at Costco . Because the written description is so generic and the reviews referred mostly to tangling issues , I had to rely on the photo to make my decision . When it arrived I was very disappointed . It was not the hose pictured on the web . It is similar but different . The couplings are different . The nozzle is different as well . Comparing the photographs , I 'd say it 's a lower quality version.Please note the hose does not have any reinforcement at the female end . Most quality hoses have a spring or plastic sheath to avoid kinking near the spigot when the hose is fully extended .
 This lever does n't install correctly . I called the company and they confirmed that it is deffective and suggested I return it.I ca n't judge how long the company knew about this and whether they are making a reasonable effort to recall - but certainly do n't buy this particular product .
 This broke while we were trying to intsall in . It 's really not `` made to fit '' any toilet . Made very cheaply . Do n't waste your money !
 This toilet lever is a piece of crap . Do n't waste your time or money . Very aggravating trying to install it . It 's so loose on the toilet , you think it will fall out . You also ca n't install it so it looks nice -- Very poor for Delta -- they should re-design the thing or quit selling it .
 Perfect match for the other accessories . Handle made of cheap cast material and snapped off while flushing the toilet .
 Did a minor bathroom upgrade & purchased this to match the rest of the bathroom hardware & fixtures and found this Delta 75060-RB toilet tank lever to be very poorly made . The handle screws into the back plate ... big design flaw there . It was stripped within 3 days of installation . There were only about 3 threads total on the shank so not much leverage . Purchased another exactly like this at Home Depot and got the exact same result . Finally ended up buying a close look-alike that cost less than half what the Delta brand did at Home Depot and it 's been in and working perfectly for months now . It too screws into the back plate but the threaded shank is longer , heavier and therefore stronger than the lightweight pot metal Delta used for their handle . Save your money unless you have welding skills and like to fix what you 've just bought . This is one time `` made in Taiwan '' was better than Delta 's `` made in China '' . Tsk , tsk Delta ! Your name used to be synonymous with quality .
 I loved this handle for a couple of weeks . It was beautiful and matched the other Delta victorian items . Then one night , my husband flushed the toilet , and the handle snapped in two . I wish I had saved my money .
 The finish is very nice but once it is installed , the lever is loose and wobbly and not tight to the tank . The lever does not operate separately from the base -LRB- the entire piece must pivot to operate -RRB- . After using for a few days , the lever broke at it 's thinnest part . So we returned it and received a complete refund -LRB- very happy about the service there - exceptional -RRB- .
 Loved the look of this toilet tank lever , but after installing it and using it for a day , the handle broke off . Another frustrating issue about this lever is the loose fit . It does n't fit snugly against the tank and wiggles with use . Very disappointing ...
 I have never left a review on any product before , but I felt it necessary to warn anyone not to buy this product.This is a very inferior replacement product , and Delta should be ashamed to put their name on it . The Delta Venetian Bronze flush lever I replaced was a superb well-built product that failed after many years of use . I thought I would be getting the same quality of Delta product . I was wrong . When it is installed the handle wobbles inside of the sleeve and can not be tightened due to the way it is designed . When you flush it feels like the handle is about to fall off . I thought I would be getting Delta quality but this is just one more inferior Chinese made product branded with a well known name . Next time I will look for MADE IN USA .
 The Victorian Collection is installed in our newly remodelled home . It looks great , but so far 2 of these handles have broken when trying to flush the toilet.This product seems to be OK for a few weeks , and then it breaks .
 The Delta Providence Venetian Bronze flush lever PRO60-VBRseemingly shares this problem
 I ordered two 4 inch tile saw blades and was sent two 6 inch blades which are useless to me this will be the last time I use amazon
 Commercial surge protectors provide KVA ratings . what is the rating on this device ? What adavantage is there in having a higher ating ? Upon a failure , how does one prove that the rating had not been surpassed ?
 The braces in the package I received do not fit . They will not work in the intended fashion -LRB- as shown in the diagrams -RRB- because the notch on top was not cut deeply enough . I needed one brace in a hurry , so I filed the notch open until it fit . It takes several minutes , so this will be a real pain to repeat when I need the others.This a ClosetMaid MANUFACTURING ERROR . Whatever happened to quality control ?
 I received the Allen Key set in a reasonable time , but it was shipped in a USPS envelope and not protected . The key set case was taped shut and when I opened the envelope , the tape was the only thing keeping it together . The case was broken and one of the hinged was broken off . I received a call from the shipper asking me to take down the negative review and they would send me another case . It 's been 2 weeks and no case . Do n't trust these people . When a company tells you they will do something and does n't what does that say about the company?http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0009X3K0U/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 This was a total waste of money - I purchased 2 bulbs and both burned out after 1 month . In contrast , the regular incandescent bulb I also installed is still going strong .
 I 've had the system installed for a little over a year now and have given up - it 's just too flaky.Probably OK if you are at home and can unplug it every once in a while to force a reboot and re-association with the Z-wave devices , but just not robust enough if you are away for more than a week or two . What happens after a while is either a -RRB- the gateway does n't respond or b -RRB- it no longer sees the devices . It would probably help if one could reboot it remotely via the browser , but that is n't possible.When it works it works fine , but the web browser interface is too limiting and at any one time there is probably a 40-50 % probability that remote control over the web will work .
 I purchased the gateway and three lamp modules-setup is easy and quick . From there on this is a piece of junk . Tech support from these people is non existant . The only way to get it back running is to reset the gateway and detect the modules-a little hard to do from a remote location . They need to change the name from home remote pro to remote control from your computor when you are home . Dont buy it .
 I bought this kit in January 2009 and it was dead at just under 8 months . RMA process was easy and smooth . When I decided to sign-up for a pro-level , the replacement and the server could n't talk to each other and am struggling to get it to work with help of tech support and Crayon Interface -LRB- the provider -RRB- . So , if this works for you out of the box -LRB- which it 's more likely to -RRB- , then it 's a great gadget . If you however run into a trouble , it may be difficult to get it resolved by phone/email . Update
 This is a followup to a previous review-I wish I had the time to write about a hundred of them-all would be bad . Hawking Tech . stopped supporting this piece of crap January of 2011 . They kept taking my money for the hosting of their gateway , but never bothered to tell me they were discontinuing support of the product till renewal time came up this July 2011-and even then they were trying to charge my credit card . The customer support number takes you to some guy in India who was as helpful as my weiner dog . But the good side is they will give you a ` partial credit refund ' if you return a working model to them . Credit on this particular piece willl be about $ 40.00 . What a deal .
 The firmware on the gateway is at an alpha level of quality . You can create schedules and access your zwave network through a web portal -LRB- which connects to the gateway -RRB- , but device-linking , event-notifications and cell-phone access do not work . Neither does Hawking 's customer/technical support.Note that you * may * be able to use any IP video camera with this product , but you will probably have to log directly into the gateway through your LAN -LRB- admin/1234 -RRB- and by-pass the gomoshi website account . But I have n't tried installing a camera , just my Leviton Vizia network . Given my experience so far , I wo n't be spending any more money to find out what else about this product does not work .
 This is a good wall socket for jazz . Unfortunately my listening is mostly Tuvan throat-singing , hence the two stars . If you are looking for a decent entry-level wall socket , and you do not particularly care about a clear throat gurgle , go right ahead . I am still looking.Note
 I bought 8 of these after reading the reviews and as far as I can tell it is just normal outlet .
 Anyone stupid enough to waste money on this is the most gullible person in the world . This does in NO way improve SOUND . What it does is improve the bank account of the company . What 's next ? Audio cables made of platinum ? Why not , when there are dupes by the thousands ! Oy , Veh !
 The Johnson Laser level comes in a case with 2 attachment . 90degree point , and line leveler . I purchased mainly using the line level . The laser line visibility is poor , even with the provided goggles . Projects a line of about only 3-4 ' long from a distance of 6 ' under normal household light condition , instead of the 30 ' as the product describes . In addition , there is a significant bowing towards the end of the laser line , making it totally useless as a laser leveler . The tripod and base unit quality is acceptable for home use . Leveler can be used as a normal `` bubble '' line leveler which is accurate . Laser , not accurate . Paid $ 20 on sale at home depot.com
 Very cheaply made , very poor fit and finish , easy broken , unstable tripod . As in the title more of a toy than a tool . With such poor construction and loose fitting parts I cant think of any use for it as I can not verify accuracy . The specification is .5 mm/m so over 10 meters could be off 5mm which is too much for me even if I did trust it . I would not take it if it was free . It is a waste of resources to produce such useless junk for the landfill .
 DO N'T BE FOOLED . It 's a $ 20 laser level , and it works like a $ 20 laser level . Do n't waste your money , it 's just not even remotley accurate
 Disappointed in the apparent quality . It looks nice on the internet ; however , the tub faucet is plastic . Unsure yet how this will hold up .
 The information on this product was sparse and when I received it I discovered it was not a bulb that produces light that plants need . Rather it filters out blue light and doing so makes the plant look good . Disappointed .
 This was pretty falsely advertised This light merely adds a nice atmosphere but does not really help the plant to grow .
 The first one blew out in 2 minutes . I returned it and got a replacement and it has burned out . It is a snowy day and my seedlings need light . Now I look at the package and read , and research and find out this is called a plant light and sold next to seed starting products BUT it is not a GROW light . Even the package says
 Just received my package of gardening items . Everything else arrived fine . Except for this item , I received the empty wrapper . NO seed sower was included .
 the items are very hard to get back out of the socket , not that much light is produced . easily breaks .
 faint yellow light ? i put this in the bathroom , but all i can find in the dark ... is the bulb itself . disappointing .
 I only needed 2 small lights to navigate through our kitchen to our bathroom and thought these would be perfect . I was wrong . One of them was dead ! It did n't even turn on for a split second . Do n't waste your money .
 These are pretty weak . They guide you in about the same way the little orange LEDs at the exit to a theater guides you . If you plugged about 50 of these in , you might have enough light to walk around . Otherwise , good luck , you 'll just be stubbing your toe while staring at an orange hemisphere . I also do n't recommend plugging in 50 for aesthetic reasons .
 I have used tools all my life in farming , carn truck repair and oilfeild worst tool I have ever bought yet to break one chain succesfullly with it
 I used the Acoustic Texture product for patching `` popcorn '' type ceilings and what a mess it was ! The nozzle on the bottle did n't control the distribution of product very well and it splattered every which way . Approximately half of the gloppy product fell off the ceiling and ended up on the floor . After a few sprays , which is about all that is in one can , I had plastery ceiling texture all over me . In the end , it covered only a couple of relatively small areas on my ceiling . I spent quite a bit of time wiping down my entire bathroom afterwords . The only good thing about it is that it does clean up relatively easily . I would n't purchase this again .
 Literally run away from this product . They say to press down for a 1/2 second but even still this product explodes everywhere . The instructions say to lay down a drop cloth beneath the area and hang plastic around the ceiling area . What you should do is cover the entire room in plastic and that includes yourself . It exploded all over the ceiling , walls , floor and myself . It was in my hair , arms and face.When I called the company they said they stand behind your product . What you should do is stand 100 feet from their product . Oh and the end result was horrible . The ceiling looked terrible and I had to wipe the entire product off .
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS CRAP AT ALL COSTS !! This junk sprays out uncontrollably in all directions and is BROWN ! Do you like brown ceilings ? I sure do n't ! What a mess I 've got to clean up now . My advice is to scrape off your popcorn ceilings and and never go popcorn again !
 The Long Ranger 3 worked adequately for 65 days . I could not stand between the transmitter and receiver or it did not function . That was acceptable until it stopped working completely . You ca n't get much worse than working just long enough that Amazon will not accept a return .
 I was counting in this switch working for me in my new shop setup ... where the dust collector is some distance from the tools it collects from . The switch failed completely after only a few uses and I am back to trying to find a sturdier and more lasting replacement . I have returned it to Amazon with mixed results . I would have considered ordering an identical replacement under the assumption that the switch I received was not an anomaly . Amazon gave me a partial refund -LRB- 80 % -RRB- after I paid shipping back to them . It cost me just over $ 22 to discover how bad this item is and how poorly Amazon handles refunds . I will be purchasing the next switch from someone else . This switch is far too expensive/poorly made ... and Amazon is a little too greedy for me to try again .
 Be careful this is not UL LISTED . The power cord is only 14 gauge , which is rated at only 14 amps . If you running a 20 amp line the cord would melt before the breaker would trip . Amazon should n't sell products like this . Buy American made products , they are rated for a reason , I returned the one I purchased .
 The unit that I received in the mail was faulty when I received it . To Amazons ' credit , returning the faulty product could not have been easier .
 After a year of working well , the relay unit for my Long Ranger III - 110V fell and hit the floor . The shock of the drop caused a heavy transformer inside to shear two legs off at the joint between the transformer body and the lead to the circuit card.As a design observation , the support of the transformer is totally inadequate . Any tool in a shop environment should be able to withstand an applied shock load without sustaining damage . The wire-wrap tie used to support the transformer provides some vertical support , but minimal lateral support . Unfortunately , if the relay init is dropped , the lateral direction is the most likely force application direction . Thus , I am left to try and obtain a replacement transformer or purchase a new unit . Before doing so , I will definately look for alternate products on the market .
 The below was written in November 2010 and now it 's July 2011 . The second unit just stopped working . It 's not the relay I added ; that works fine when I hard-wire the coil . I 'm sure it 's out of warranty so I 'll take it apart and see what 's happened . It had worked fine with the setup noted below with intermittent use . Totally disgusted at this point and ca n't recommend trying this product.This product worked great for about two weeks of intermittent use in my home workshop . The remote faithfully turned on my 1 HP Delta dust collector and it was very cool . Then , it just stopped working . The light on the remote still came on but there were no other vital signs . I changed the battery in the remote and pushed the reset on the unit , because those are the only things I could do without voiding the warranty . Thankfully , I was still covered under Amazon 's warranty and they very promptly shipped me a replacement and I sent them back the dead unit , all at no cost . But now I did n't trust it . So I purchased a relay from Graingers rated at 2 HP and wired the relay so that the Long Ranger now just actvates the relay and the relay handles the dust collector 's current . Effectively , I 'm using the Long Ranger as a remote actuator and hoping that the first unit 's failure would have been avoided if it did n't have to handle the motor 's current , although it was rated for up to 1.5 HP . Or possibly the first unit failed when the second unit would not have . The relay cost me $ 29 -LRB- side note
 A remote switch that you have to purchase the remote seperately for ? Really ???? Can anyone that has purchased this switch tell me how it works if you DO NOT purchase the remote ?
 The product was described as INFRARED Lamp but there is no infrared description from the manufacturer 's brochure enclosed . I am just glad to read the description as INCANDSCENT now , corrected from the previous description .
 We bought this faucet in 2007 , had it installed by a plumber along with a new sink.Initially worked fine but gradually became difficult to swivel from side to side . Also noted -LRB- too late unfortunately -RRB- was a small leak from the spray head attachment traveling down the flexible hose.The plumber who replaced it -LRB- we got a Moen instead -RRB- told us he has replaced other Rohl faucets with similar problems .
 Nothing good to say about this . I think is is a piece of junk . Only lasted about 30 days before it stopped working . Would n't recommend it .
 RECEIVED ITEM VERY QUICKLY , THEN BANG WENT EXPECTATIONS , THE PLUG COMES NOWHERE NEAR ANY U.K.SETUP OR FITTING , NO WARNING OF THIS , I HAD TO CUT THE WEIRD PLUG OFF THEREBY VOIDING MY GUARANTEE , THEN I HAD TO REWIRE ANOTHER U.K PLUG ONTO THE WIRESNO INFO IF IT WAS 110V OR 220V . THEN REWIRE THE WEIRD PLUG TO A U.K.PLUG , BOY WHAT A GREAT PRESENT FOR MY DAD , HE WAS NOT TOO PLEASED TO SAY THE LEAST , VERY POOR INFO , I THOUGHT I WAS BUYING AMERICAN GOODS , IT WAS MADE IN BLOODY TAIWAN WITH ALL THE SHODDINESS THAT SIGNIFIES , FEEL AMAZON LET ME DOWN BADLY ON THIS XMAS PRESENT , I SHALL BE VERY WARY OF THEM IN THE FUTURE AND P.S , I.GOODS , SO U.K.BUYERS BEWARE , ?????????????????????? .
 I have purchased 2 of these units over the past half dozen years . When they work they are very convenient as you can carry the small remote in the pocket of your apron and it works from anywhere in the shop . Both lasted for a few years and failed for no apparant cause.These units receive very infrequent use and are not overloaded in any way . They were both used on a Delta dust collector . I discussed the failure of the first one with PSI and was told since it lasted a few years it would be out of warranty and the unit was not repairable and no service information is available . I purchased a second unit and it worked very well right out of the box . Since I now had the old unit and a new unit I programmed the old remote on the new unit and it worked well . This showed that both remotes work . I then tried to program both remotes on the old power unit and neither worked . This showed the problem was in the power switch of the first unit . I have a whole house surge protector and have had no failures on any other electronic equipment so I do n't believe that the input power is dirty and causing the failures . My experience is that this product is simply unreliable and I can not recommend it .
 I purchased two of these switches over the years and both have failed after about 1.5 to 2 years of use . I called PSI after the first one failed and was told I got the useful life out of it , and that I 'd have to purchase another one as they can not repair them . I might add that the second unit has not seen alot of use since I purchased it in Aug. 2006 .
 I also needed an emergency indoor key that were lost in my house . I eventually called kwikset and ordered 20 keys for almost nothing . $ 5.00 in shipping is ridiculous . The key itself was fine , just overprice shipping .
 I guess it 's my fault but nope ... the key does n't even fit in my door knob but like my friend came over and used a bobby pen and the door opened right up so if anybody has this same problem just use a bobby pen , you do n't even need the door &#34; key &#34; .
 I did n't look closely enough at the picture of this product . It is a rectangular key and my interior doors have round key holes . So a penny for the key and $ 6 shipping . My fault , but a complete waste of money and I still have no keys for the interior doors .
 I wanted to order 10 of these keys - $ 7.50 worth of merchandise . Seller wanted to charge me $ 142.00 SHIPPING CHARGE ! Do you thing I 'm going to look elsewhere ??? Outrageous !
 There was another reviewer on here that says you got 5 keys . NOT TRUE !!! You only get ONE key !!! What a rip off !!!
 I bought 3 additional remotes for and followed the directions for syncing them but could not get them to work , while the original remote worked right out of the box
 These might last a while if your door is sheltered from the weather but I used them on a screen pool enclosure and the springs in the inside latch and the button for the door handle rusted out very quickly and stopped working . The springs are plain flimsy steel so they rust and break after a year or two .
 I have to seal my windows yearly for the winter season . I decided to try out the Duck Roll-on window kit because it seemed like a nice product . Boy was I wrong . Not only did the roll of plastic come cut completely crooked , but their tape was worthless . The plastic wouldnt even stick to it . I would strongly recommend buying anything else other than this product . Unless you enjoy throwing your money in the garbage , because thats what you 'll do with this product .
 The description is misleading in the fact that it says you get 2 plastic sheets at 5x7 , when in fact you get only get 1 sheet at 5x7 . upon further investigation of blowing up a blurry product picture , it looks like it says 2 windows at 3x5 . very disappointed with this order in that i now have to place another order , and the price for the 1 you do get is outrageous ! I ordered 3 boxes thinking it would cover six 5x7 windows , every box has the same contents so its not a packaging error.on a better note , I made what I did get work , easy to install and looks fine , does the job . I can only hope ill make this highly over priced item back in energy bills over the winter.I spoke with amazon about it & they gave me 20 % off the order . BUT beware - what your getting is one 5.16 x7 sheet , not two as put in the description
 It did n't fit across two standard windows . Maybe my windows are weird , but it was just a little too tight to make it across . I cut the sheet in half and covered each one separately ... It 's still cold near that window .
 I live in MA , and by the time November and December rolls around , I 'm feeling cold air coming through the single pane windows in our house.What bothers me most is the cold air coming in through the office windows since I 'm sitting right next to them . There are no drafts coming through the cracks around the trim or anything like that . I read online that you can use bubble wrap to keep out the cold . I tried it , and it worked pretty good except that I was unable to see much through the bubbles . I decided to try this product . We have shades that are mounted on the inside of the windows and a desk that is semi-permanent right up against the window sill , so applying this product to the window trim would mean moving the desk and not having access to the shades at all . So , I decided to apply this to the top and bottom halves of each window over the grid piece in the window . This left air pockets that were about 1/2 inch deep.It was a little difficult to apply , but not too bad . I cleaned the finished wood with water and rubbing alcohol , applied the tape , cut the pieces , and applied . I used a hair dryer to remove excess wrinkles . Done . But I do n't think it made one bit of difference in the amount of cold that was coming through the glass . The bubble wrap was noticeably more effective .
 The self lock feature stopped working correctly . Sometimes it locks , usually it does n't . And I ca n't lock the tape manually . The button is not meant to lock the tape , only to unlock it . So the tape measure is estentially worthless now . I 've used it maybe 10-15 times .
 I used this product only a hand full of times , every time I would bring it out to about 24 to 25 feet the inner mechanism would malfunction , until it would n't work anymore .
 I think these powerpacks are supposed to be awesome -- I do n't know yet because I was delayed a month in unwrapping my purchases and am only now putting the units out in the sun to charge them to get them installed . I bought two units . The first seems fine . The second unit , however -LRB- ordered at the same time -RRB- had some problems
 installed this on my farm to replace my old fence charger.it was not as advertised.when it was fully charged , as soon as one piece of grass or weed touched the fence , the power instantly dropped to nothing.parmak claims it can handle medium weeds or grass but this thing cant handle the job.i tried to use solar as an alternative to running up electric bill.to me its just worth paying a little more each month on my electric bill than dealing with this weak product .
 I 'd purchased this one a few years ago at Home Depot . I 'd noticed it had only a 30 day warranty so was too late when I got around using it.First , the grease seal broke for the sliding table even before I had used it . I keep lubing the thing but the grease keep oozing out such that it required more force to push the sliding table.Second , diamond blade was n't very good and had to replace with a better one.Third , water pump was n't good either . Replace that with a stronger pump as well.Fourth , keeping it in storage for a few months between uses , the belt had developed a memory and kept rubbing/pounding into the plastic cover guard with every rotation . Loud and annoying , will replace it with a V-belt later.Fifth , motor seems to have enough power for the 10 '' blade but binds when cutting tile due to belt slippage . Will replace with V-belt as stated above.Had done a lot of projects with this , nice to have a 10 '' wet saw but will go with better quality next time around .
 I installed this unit about a year ago and it worked fine . However , recently , I noticed that it would not work unless the battery was removed and it was powered only by the AC adapter . Getting the battery out is not a small task . I was told that if the AC charger was left in , the battery would fail quickly . The `` proper '' procedure is to charge the battery and then remove the charger , remembering to plug it in again for 12 hours every six months . This is a silly design for a product that is not going to be accessed on a regular basis . It 's a good thing I found this out before I needed to access the safe in an emergency . It is unacceptable that it will not work when the battery fails even if plugged into AC . I decided to try to use a trickle charger instead of the cheap AC adapter that was supplied so that it could be left plugged in , and have assurance that the battery would be charged when it was neded , but the manufacturer refused to answer any technical questions . My sense is that these products were designed some time ago and now there is no technical support or product improvement going on .
 I ordered this from Amazon , excellent pricing , as I had done lots of research on this and other wall safes for handguns . Came fast , and in good order . Read the manual which is very well done . Opened it up per manual instructions and looked it all over . Decided to plug in the furnished battery charger . Plugged it into the wall , then the safe itself . IMMEDIATELY SAW AND SMELLED SMOKE . Shut it down , and returned it to Amazon for a full refund.AMAZON is FANTASTIC for returned items ... . very easy to follow instructions and the full refund was credited back to me even before it was expected.I will buy from AMAZON again and again based on the fairness of their business policies and customer satisfaction , and prices that are good.As for the safe ... . I 'd Suggest you NOT get this one . The factory that makes them was in Modesto , CA only a few blocks from my house . I took it back there and they have moved to Colorado and the lady at the desk says many people come in really mad with a safe in their hands ... . and based on that SHE says she 'd never buy one of this brand . Good Luck .
 Beautiful & very sleek ; however , the wall opening for the safe must allow for several 1/4 '' protruding pan head screws on each side , thereby necessitating a hole larger than the exterior box and/or flange ; therefore , a professional installer will head-off most certain installation problems . Notice the cord to charge the internal battery is only 6 ' long ; therefore to make re-charging most convenient , the safe will need to be precariously close to an electrical outlet , and the inevitable wire in the wall ! Also , the finger print reader regularly requires 3 to 4 finger placements before the lock mechanism activates .
 Installation was easy and looks nice on the wall . BUT after plugging in AC adapter to charge the battery the unit is gave off a burning smell . Thinking that this may be normal as the battery may have been charging , I went ahead and closed the door . Now I ca n't even open it with the emergency key . There 's no way to remove the unit without causing damage to the unit . I 'm in the process of getting ETL to correct the problem via warranty work . I may have a bad apple in the batch . For now , I ca n't recommend purchasing this product .
 I 'm happy and amazed that the other reviewer has had good success with his biometric Wall Vault - but I 've had nothing but frustration for the past year . I 've reprogrammed and reset this device endlessly , and sometimes it seems like it 's working reliably . But sure enough , the next time I need access it wo n't let me in . More often than not , I 've had to retrieve the emergency key and use that to get into my safe . As I said , I 've reset the thing and started fresh many times , so it 's not as if I just did a poor initial fingerprint registration.If you want to throw the dice and see if this works for you , good luck . But UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHOULD YOU USE THIS SAFE FOR A GUN OR ANY OTHER ITEM YOU MAY NEED QUICK ACCESS TO.I would recommend the presumably-much-more-reliable keypad combination version of this safe , if you like the `` wall vault '' concept but do n't want to risk the crappy technology of the biometric reader.Incidentally , I use an eKey fingerprint reader to get into my front door , and it 's proven to be extremely reliable -- so there are good fingerprint readers on the market , but the biometric Wall Vault is not one of them .
 Bought this kit to keep our puppy out of our garden . Having a kit seems nice only problem it does not have all the parts you need . In order to use this fence outside you have to have a 20thousand volt wire which the company is more than willing to ship for 19.64 plus S$ H. Not such a great deal after all . Their company service was not at all helpful and very rude . Take it from me and save time and money and buy a little more expensive fence .
 I have used electric fences on my gardens before so I was excited to find this kit on Amazon ! Once the package was opened I realized that the product was on the flimsy side for an electric fence . The directions called for a 20,000 volt wire which was not included in the kit . I took the directions to Ace Hardware for the wire and they had no idea what kind of wire the directions were calling for . I then took the directions and kit to home depot . Same answer . I called an electrician friend to assist and he could not get it to work with any kind of wire . The plastic posts were not strong enough and there were too few clips to do more than 2 rows . This would definitely not keep my cat out of the garden let alone large iguanas!I am returning it and hope to find something of better quality at Amazon .
 The positive
 I returned this product . I thought it was very inhumane to my animals and I would not use it . It did exactly what it said it should do but not for my pets .
 I have/had a Casablanca fan with the Inteli-Touch controls , the fan worked perfectly for a few years then all of a sudden I could not turn the lights off with the wall control.I emailed casablanca ... . no help , I went to google and eventually determined that a control board in the fan went bad -LRB- a board you need in the fan for the Inteli-touch -RRB- so $ 100 later and my fan was up and running again . Well not even a year later it has happened again ! I emailed casablanca yet again and they still were not willing to help me , I asked why my $ 600 fan already needed $ 200 in repairs and they stopped responding to my emails ! They have the absolute worst customer service I have ever encountered , I took the fan down and replaced it with a $ 110 Harbor Breeze fan and a $ 35 Lutron Maestro remote . I used to think Casablanca made good fans , but after this experience I will never install another one of their products .
 I wanted to buy this literary within the next few days . I researched this set for my birthday and it was $ 729 just a few days ago . Now it 's half a thousand dollars more !!! You kidding me ? This is such a disappointment .
 Regrettably , this Eazypower one-way/rounded screw remover tool does not work at all . I bought the correct size -LRB- # 14 -RRB- ; saturated the five screw heads , which I wanted to remove , with WD-40 ; followed the directions that came with the Eazypower tool exactly ; and none of the scews budged . I used a new variable speed reversible drill at slow speeds , but it could not make this tool turn the scews the slightest bit . I had hoped it would at least loosen the heads enough so that I could use Vise-Grip pliers or a socket wrench to turn and remove the screws the rest of the way . This product is a total waste of money .
 I bought this and rarely used this . I may have used it a half dozen times at the most . The motor is making a loud noise and it smells like it is burning . I called the 1 800 Ridgid customer service because the box said limited lifetime warranty . The warranty is ridiculous . They have no service repair centers anywhere . You have to mail your vac to St Louis and they will determine if you invalidated your warranty . I was told the warranty would apply if I used the wrong kind of filter for the wrong kind of dust . WHAT ? So is that their way out of fixing it ? So customers are suppose to spend the money mailing a fairly large vac and it may or may not be covered ? I also noticed the screws that hold the motor to the top cover are made of the same metal as drywall screws . The heads are rusting away because I used my vac for a few water spills . I will never buy another Ridgid vac .
 This saw was cutting really nicely until it SHOCKED ME ! We followed the directions to the letter . It may be an anomaly with my specific saw but BEWARE !
 I already own a Harbor Freight special tile saw that works good but the fence is unreliable and it needed a blade . So in comes this one . It looked like a great deal and had 2 blades with a more reliable fence . It worked and I used it on my job but right when I got it in I noticed it was much smaller than I thought it would be . It resembled a toy . Right off the bat it bogged down on the tile . I had to barely push them through . The water system is bad too . Too much water gets thrown off . On my other one the water return system worked pretty good . I wish I would n't have used it so I could send it back . But oh well ... My suggestion would be to get the harbor model or the home depot model . Much larger platform and more powerful .
 I ordered a Zareba 20 Acre Electric fence controller on May 24 , 2012 . Item was delivered and hooked up June 10 , 2012 to an existing fence that had been working OK until the previous charger died . We had problems the day we hooked it up . The purpose was to keep Javelina 's out of our yard and which the previous charger had done for several years . We tested the fence and the new charger and determined the unit was only putting out 2.7 -LRB- 2,700 -RRB- volts according to the Zareba DEFT-1 tester . According to the information contained with the charging unit it should have been putting out about 9,400 volts . I contacted Zareba Customer Service Shawn Green on June 11 and explained the problem and readings to him at which time he suggested testing several items which I accomplished and responded on the same day . On June 13 I contacted Sharon Flanigan with the same basic information and never heard back from her or Green . On July 6 , 2012 I sent a message to the corporate headquarters -LRB- Woodstream -RRB- and heard back from yet another customer service person Susan Ribbeck who asked me more of the same questions I had answered in the previous several conversations with Green and Flanigan . The only thing that was agreed upon was the unit should put out about 9,400 volts . I have never heard back from anyone at Zareba or Woodstream and have now purchased another fence charger to keep the Javelina 's out of my yard . Amazon was contacted and agreed to accept back the charger , a problem which was not theirs and one that I did n't feel they should be responsible for , rather a manufacturer 's problem . I certainly can not recommend Zareba and it 's fence chargers . They lack any form of so called customer service and apparently wo n't stand behind their products that fail right out of the box . Choose carefully if your in the market for a electric fence charger .
 I have read the other reviews that say that this controller works awesome and i has plenty of power . sounded good so i ordered it , and it shipped quickly . the set up was easy , but no instructions came with it . just common sence i suppose . long story short , the controller has a very weak charge . i have a great dane and a pit bull . they dont seem to be affected by it at all . the indicator light on the controller was blinking green for good to go . curious , i touched it myself to make sure it was hot , nothing a first then a little shock . not bad at all . this was at the end of my fence , so i walked right up to the controller an touched the wire right at the first fence insulator . same thing a very weak shock that doesnt faze me or my determined doges . i suggest if you have big dogs , get something bigger . dont know how horses cant handle it .
 Product description says `` Weatherproof receiver is rated for outdoor use '' and `` Rainproof '' . However , when I received the item there was a big warning on the package , `` INDOOR USE ONLY '' . Misleading & potentially dangerous product description .
 This lamp is ok if you are ordering it by itself . I recently ordered one on sale . The reason they are on sale is that they are stained about 3 shades too dark . Its more of a mahogany color than a walnut . If you have the table lamps -LRB- like I do -RRB- , The floor lamp wo n't match them . If you want a matched set , see them before you buy them -LRB- at a Lamps Plus showroom -RRB- if possible .
 For $ 400 -LRB- plus $ 60 shipping -RRB- this lamp should have been much better quality . I found it to be the usual `` Made in China '' level craftsmanship . The joinery -LRB- fit-up of the wood parts -RRB- was poor , and the finish was not uniform . What really pissed me off was that the base for the night light section within the pedestal was completely cracked thru . Obviously the shipping people at Lamps Plus are unconscious when they send out products that are damaged . I sent it back .
 The garbage disposal did not include the discharge tube to the waste drain line . Instructions states `` Unit will not seal properly with old discharge tube . '' I need to get this installed tomorrow . I 'll figure something out.I 'll be attempting to return it . Wish me luck .
 It did n't take too long to install . But the very next day , one corner of the plastic sheet came down . And it 's not even windy right now . I hate to think how this will hold up when a cold , windy day comes along . I 'm going to try a different brand of double-sided tape to see if the plastic will stick to it . But I should n't have to do that .
 I bought this product to cover my patio doors in hope of keeping the room warmer during the winter . Never got to use it . When I took the plastic out and measured the size there was only enough material for one door instead of the two doors advertised on the box . I sent it back to Amazon who refunded my money and did not charge for return shipping . I did not repurchase the product so can not comment on value as a door insulator .
 I have used the indoor 3M kits -LRB- with great success -RRB- , but a window shade made me use an outdoor kit in this case.The outdoor kits immediately tell you NOT to use a hair dryer . This means you immediately start off with a wrinkled product , no matter how much you stretch it . Second , I used it on two picture windows , and after just one night , one film was 85 % peeled off -LRB- hanging by one corner -RRB- and the other was peeled off in a top corner.I called 3M . They think it is a bad batch of film . -LRB- The tape was fine , still stuck to the house . -RRB- My suggestion
 This has to be installed when air and surface temps are over 50 degrees Farenheit.I wish I had known that before buying it in December . I 'll update the review next year after installation .
 I bought 6 , yes , SIX of these . They looked great , were easy to install , but once the wind started to blow -LRB- Western Massachusetts -RRB- the covering slapped in the breeze and either ripped beyond repair , or were blown away for good . If you buy these , just say goodbye to your effort and about 20 bucks a window .
 I purchased this product for our patio door thinking it would be a safer option than the indoor alternative with a toddler in the house . I followed the instructions very carefully when I put it up , and thought it worked well for the week it stayed on . Last night , during the first winter storm of the season , it disappeared in the wind . If the point of the product is to provide insulation from winter weather , it has failed miserably ! I am out time and money and will have to look for another option for insulating our patio door . I am very disappointed .
 So dissapointed in this product . Needed some covers I could see thru for the winter to cover my porch screens -- 5 ' X 5 ' . The first night I put on the film , the tape failed on one painted wood frame and 25 % was loose by the next morning . By mid-day 50 % was loose . The next day the film on the 2nd window was 50 % loose . It stuck to the vinyl film , but came loose from the wood . So , put it back on both frames and then installed 1/8 '' wood strips over the top of the film around the perimeter of the frame . So far so good . Surprised that 3M would put out such a poor product.The film is so thin , I wonder if it will hold up for one season
 Does not hold up well in wind . Keeps breaking loose on the bottom . The tape should be stronger . When it was in place it did stop air .
 The title needs to be changed , regardless if it uses laser for targeting . I almost made the mistake of ordering it , thinking it was a `` Laser Tape Measure '' . It is not .
 I bought this product so i could be more confortable while meassuring appartments * architect * . . In the end . . i had to use my regular measure tape beacuse the laser was not accurate at all !! It did add up , gave cubic measures , calculate everything ok ... just with the wrong meassurements . I ended up giving it to my kids as a toy . 5-8 inches mistakes and no way of calibrating the device ...
 It will provide decent air if you do n't mind all the racket . Do n't bother trying to start it in the winter below 30 , it will just trip breakers.I have had to use a torch to heat the block to get it running.I recently bought a makita mac2400 which is comparable in hp and capacity , accept its a few puonds heavier . The makita moves more air , starts in the cold , oh did i mention its WAY quieter too , you can actually hold a conversation next to it when running.It just has a newer design than this dated model , these emglo compressors have been around 20 plus years and they show their age next to the newer models.Makita MAC2400 Big Bore 2.5 HP Air Compressor
 Not so sure about this unit . I spend alot of time making sure the hose does not melt on the motor . It is a horrible design . If I had seen this in person I would have never boughten it for that reason alone . Other than that , its a compressor , it blows air , nothing else you can say about it .
 I bought this compressor cause it was lighter than most with a good reputation , however being a carpenter and using it in all weathers in the northeast just doesnt work it wont start !!! had to buy an oilfree would not recommend it .
 This is my 3rd Emglo in 22 years . These compressors are the staple of the building and remodeling industry . My first was made before dewalt took over Emglo the old style blue and yellow . My second was made just after dewalt took over Emglo and is still running strong . I needed another compressor for a new site and thought I was getting a `` real '' Emglo and when I got this compressor it was made in China just like all the rest . The compressor is running fine at the moment but I bet the other 2 I have will outlast this Chinese made compressor . BTW if you do n't want trouble with cold starts tripping electrical breakers just use 5w-40w mobil1 or for very cold areas 0w-20w mobil the later is for winter only . My best to all the old Emglo employees to bad your jobs are in China now ...
 I have been a loyal DeWalt fan for the last 25 years . I might have got a lemon but it ran 5 times and quit , I mean quit , -LRB- yes it had oil in it -RRB- . I purchased it off of Amazon and now I ca n't figure out how to return it . very disappointed !
 I 'm sure this will be a great compressor once we get the pressure switch fixed . We did n't even run it 2 hours total and this switch went out We called the local Dewalt dealer and they said to bring it on over and they will fix it for us as it is still under warranty .
 I bought one of these compressors when they first came out with them ... I got it for a steal of a price so I actually kept it as opposed to returning it like I should have . It is very noisy , so much so that when I 'm on a jobsite with another worker with their compressor they will walk over , unplug mine and plug my hose into theirs . From day one this POS spun in circles and had to have a piece of carpet placed underneath it to stop it ! Why ? you ask ... because DeWalt bought out the Emglo name and just like in the movie Tommy Boy they sent out all the individual parts across the world and purchased from suppliers who would make it for the cheapest then assemble the parts into a complete product elsewhere ... great , just great ... from what I hear from insider information they intended to gut the company and then sell it within a year ... no go as they had so many warranty returns they could n't sell off the line!I just bought a newly made Emglo -LRB- I guess they got the name back and are back to making the quality compressors they were known for -RRB- because the DeWalt died -LRB- I 'm guessing it broke a ring on the piston -RRB- and it is way quieter and I 'm sure will work fine for years to come.Given a choice anybody who chooses to use a DeWalt over an Emglo is getting what they deserve !
 I have owned two of these compressors , using it to power tools used in our HVAC business . DeWalt bought out Emglo , which was an amazing compressor . Too bad the DeWalt is n't near the machine the Emglo was . Pros - This compressor does make a lot of air quickly . That 's it . Cons - It wo n't start ! Even on warm days , you have to `` play '' with it to get it to go , often tripping the overload or a breaker . On a cold day , it may never start until warmed , even using synthetic compressor oil . Once it goes , it will usually run for the day . Even plugged directly into a receptacle beside a panel , it wo n't go . It is also a noisy pump , not as noisy as some we 've heard , but right up there . We wo n't be buying another .
 I used this tool once / not jewelry work but around the house and the tip bent , of poor quality ? Lite duty at best
 My experience mirrors that of the previous reviewer . The jaw tips bend with moderate pressure .
 price was good , description was good , BUT the description was just a flat out LIE , these people do not know the difference between metal and plastic , product description ; '' rigid metal body '' IT 'S PLASTIC , ripp-off , I will not ever buy anything from this seller again !!!!!!!!
 If you are looking for a stun gun disguised as a flashlight do n't bother with this . Buy the upgraded version . It 's twice the cost but actually looks and functions like a flashlight . This version has a plastic cap that covers the prongs , so in addition to the safety , you have to remove the plastic cap in order to utilize the stun gun capabilities . It 's made of cheap plastic and looks like it will break if you drop it . In addition , the stun prongs are quite dramatic and are not at all disguised , even with the plastic cap on . Also , I would recommend that Guard Dog refrain from displaying their name so prominently on their products . It is easily recognizable and anyone who knows the brand will know what capabilities that it infers , so the idea of disguising its stun capabilities , in the form of a flashlight , are negated .
 This product can use a bit more cushioning , the quality is not the best . I think it can break easy with a heavy duty job .
 I tried cutting a simple coat hanger wire with this Stanley plier and could barely do it . It was work , real work . Other brand pliers cut through that wire all day long - no problem.The weight of the plier feels right . The handle grip material is not smooth , rather , it 's textured ; kind of a hard foam . Did n't feel comfortable to me . Overall , a rather weak offering from Stanley , who , once upon a time , made a nice set of tools . If you make a living with your tools , this one is definitely not for you . Even if you are a weekend DIY'er , I still ca n't recommend them.Ps . I also tried the regular slip joint pliers they make -LRB- same product line -RRB- and found them difficult to use -- they stuck rather than glided smoothly .
 After losing the cutterhead guard , I proceeded to order a new one ... two months ago . Now I am told it will be another 3 months before it comes in -LRB- unless I want to pay $ 150 overseas air freight for the $ 20 part ... maybe they should bring it home to the good ole USA -RRB- . 5 months of downtime . Fortunately , I am a hobbyist and not making my living from this ... I would be starving . I could n't even use it in a commercial shop because the missing parts are safety related.I 'm glad others have had good customer service , but , for me , I will be looking elsewhere when purchasing a thickness planer in the near future ... for someone who services after the sale .
 My shop has been almost exclusively Jet in the past , and I finally decided to try the Powermatic . The Jet equipment was so impressive that I wanted to see how Powermatic was ` significantly better ' . So , here is what I found :1 . After opening the box with the tables and fence , I found that the fence -LRB- which is * not * light -RRB- was packed directly on top of the tables with only a thin piece of Styrofoam separating them . Somewhere along the route , the fence smashed through the Styrofoam -LRB- well , duh , I could do that with a finger -RRB- and gouged the table .2 . The table will either take 2 strong guys or 4 normal people to lift it . I first tried to lift it with a shop crane , but the framework for the table-height on the right wide is stamped steel -LRB- and a bit wobbly -RRB- and there was no way to get webbing around it . It would be nice to have some clear lifting positions .3 . The casters are all welded in-line , so you ca n't turn the machine ; you have to drag it to change the angle .4 . The fence is significantly out of flat , with one dip of 0.012 . There are low places on both tables also . Realistically , that wo n't have much of an impact on large pieces of wood , but it 's quite a bit off from the advertisements .5 . The tables & fence were coated with something I 've never seen on equipment before - it just would not come off . I finally had to use a solvent that left grey blotches all over the tables - argh ! 6 . The fence lock is on the back of the casting and when you unlock it it pivots down below the plate it mounts on . You ca n't shift the fence forward without banging the lever and reaching back to hold it up while you adjust the fence with your other hand . That makes precision angles a challenge . Having to stretch across the machine to hold the fence locking lever just does n't seem right -LRB- as in clothing in the blades -RRB- . Almost everyone has shifted to side-mounted levers to get rid of this problem .7 . Dust collection is the worst of any piece of equipment I 've seen including my Jet planer and belt sanders . I have an 1100 CFM dust collector coupled directly to this thing , and it still spews dust and chips out the back and the right hand side . I literally have to pull handfulls of dust out from under the right table . After a few passes , there is enough on the floor to be a safety hazard -LRB- i.e. slipping on them -RRB- . The right table also gets covered in dust , but that is a bit expected .8 . There are only two stops for the fence - 45 and 90 degrees . It would be nice to have one for a custom angle - not everything is 90/45 . The stop is flimsy enough that the fence wo n't hold the same angle across the entire width - it typically varies by 0.1-0 .3 degrees . That does n't seem like much , until you start precision work .9 . The combination lever/knob table height adjustor -LRB- which was a main reason I bought the unit -RRB- is simply not sturdy enough , it wobbles , and after you lock the handle in place and start twisting it for ` micro-adjustments ' the whole table shifts at least 1/16 '' making it worthless in my book . Great idea , poor execution .10 . The knives were out of adjustment .11 . The motor pulleys were out of adjustment - I replaced the V-belt with a power-link belt .12 . The locking lever seems too small for the weight - it 's small enough you can bend it if you crank down too hard on it .13 . The finish is poor - many places were not painted and there was over-spray on a lot of machined surfaces .14 . The fence is supposed to balance on the center but in reality one side or the other always drapes onto the table , scratching the surface .15 . OK , this is just personal preference , but Powermatic used a special off button which , if you push it off with anything but very light force , locks off . You have to twist the push button for it to unlock . It took me a bit to figure that out . I 've never heard of a twisting-push-button . I 'd rather have a BRB -LRB- Big Red Button -RRB- I could hit with my knee .16 . It 's painful to make small adjustments to the fence angle . The adjustment lever on the right side of the fence is almost useless - the fence is so heavy that it just falls onto the tables . Trying to hold and angle gauge against the face , hold the fence up and then lock requires one more hand than I have . If you only cut 45/90 it wo n't bug you , but I do a lot of non-standard cuts.Once you get all the kinks out , the machine works reasonably well . That said , there is nothing exceptional about it either . Unless you go very slowly , you get knife marks , even on sharp blades . I believe that 's just the nature of a standard bladed cutter head . The unit will take a Byrd Helix cutter head , which I 'm considering buying.There is plenty of power , I 've never had it bog down , and the long tables are handy . It would be nice to have a place to put the push sticks , but no such luck.In retrospect , I wish I had bought the Jet . The days of tuning and tweaking just are n't worth it , and the ergonomics are n't particularly good.Hopefully someone at Powermatic will read this . Companies survive by being innovative or having great quality or both . So far Powermatic is batting 0 for 2 in my book .
 I have used this jointer for a while and was n't impressed until I had the opportunity to work on G0490 8 '' Jointer with Parallelogram Beds ... Awesome machine , costing under $ 900 including delivery.I went ahead and purchased for myself and loved all the features and it was dead right , on first cut.I am not sure how Grizzley can deliver better machine with better build quality for $ 300 cheaper than Powermatic , but I would always check out Grizzley before buying powermatic .
 After waiting for my powermatic jointer now for a month , I finally got it or so they tell me I did . It was to be shipped in two boxes . I tracked it coming from Tennessee to California and then to its final destination my house in Kentucky . During the travel time , I must have called 15 times trying to alert them that it was not going in the right direction . In each phone call , I was told it would be straightened out ... Not so.Eagle Freight finally called to set up the delivery date and time . I began to get excited ! The truck rolled up and out comes my jointer , supposedly in two boxes . Well there were two boxes . One was the base of the jointer and the other was a token toy truck with powermatic written on it . Why they sent a 45 year old man a toy , I do n't know ? Anyway , The box containing the other part of the jointer never showed up . Eagle does n't know what happened to it other than for some reason it was sent to their location in Chicago , never to be found . Finally after more phone calls to Amazon , they said they would send out the replacement right away . Two days later I get another Email from Amazon saying the other box had been sent back to the origional store and that this item would no longer be avalible and that I needed to call Eagle and have them pick it up and once they received it back , I would get a full refund . I called Eagle and they told me they had wondered what happened to it ... Great.Now I did get the mobile base that I ordered and it does look nice sitting there with nothing on it ... no jointer , no money not even a toy.Good luck and good by .
 I got a Powermatic 60B this spring when it first became available . Having formerly owned a 54A , which is a splended machine , I was excited to check out what I hoped would be the same thing in a larger size . This did not turn out to be the case.I had several minor problems and one biggie . The minor problems included a bracket that interfered with raising the infeed table to full height -LRB- I cut off a bit with a Dremel tool -RRB- , and the infeed table stop assembly on the back , which was not centered and so did not allow full range of motion -LRB- I added a few washers to provide adequate clearance -RRB- . The big problem is one I ca n't fix , and apparently Powermatic ca n't either . I got out `` The Judge , '' my 36-inch Starrett straight edge , to check flatness of the tables . Both infeed and outfeed tables were badly dished . My original jointer and two replacement units all showed unacceptable dishing in the tables , ranging from .008 '' to .012 '' measured on the diagonal across the full length of the tables . Powermatic 's stated tolerance is .005 '' . I expect my jointer tables to be the flattest surfaces in my shop . I could not justify paying the Powermatic premium and winding up with a unit that far out of spec . To Powermatic 's credit , they took back the unit and the two attempted replacements and tell me I 'll get a full refund .
 I purchased a brand new Powermatic 60B and waited 4 months for delivery . It arrived with the outfeed table protruding 6 '' out of the crate . There did not appear to be any machine damage but it had obviously seen rough handling . The jointer was fully assembled and only needed to be lifted from it 's crate and mounted to the completely assembled jointer stand . Immediately , we noticed that the center four support feet of the jointer were 1/16 '' above the center of the stand . There was no support for the center of the jointer . Powermatic 's Tech . Service representative stated this was normal to all the PM 8 '' jointers . This appears to be incorrect as the 2004 Jet catalog clearly depicts a PM 60B jointer with the center feet in full contact with the stand . I have also seen an earlier PM 60A with all 8 support feet in full contact with the stand . Two weeks ago a PM 60A on ebay had a large photo clearly depicting full contact of the four center support feet with the stand . Powermatic would have no reason to design and manufacture the four center support feet if they were not intended to be functional.The jointer finish was beautiful . No scratches or blemishes of any kind . Even on the outfeed table end that had penetrated through the crate before it arrived at the dealer . After it was fully cleaned , we checked the tables for flatness using a Starrett 36 '' straight edge . Not a 36 '' scale - but a precision ground straight edge that was verified on a granite surface plate using thickness gages and a back light before the jointer 's tables were checked for flatness . No gage , even a .001 '' gage , would fit between the straight edge and the surface plate at any point , and no light could be seen between the straight edge and the surface plate.We checked the tables with the straight edge parallel to the table along each edge , on the centerline , and diagonally . The infeed table 's coplaning -LRB- diagonal -RRB- flatness was found to be .002 '' beyond Powermatic 's stated maximum coplaning tolerance of .005 '' . We measured .007 '' on one diagonal and .006 '' on the other diagonal . Flatness straight down the center and along both edges varied between .0025 and .004 '' . Since the jointer was out of Powermatic 's own maximum tolerance , it was returned . The diagonal flatness problem was demonstrated to the dealer to verify why it was being returned.We are currently waiting for a replacment . A request to check the replacment machine for table flatness , especially coplaning , was made , with a positive , supportive , response from the WMH Tool Group representative , in Elgin , Illinois , that it would be checked prior to shipment . Ditto for the stand supporting the jointer on all eight feet . The same WMH Tool Group representative indicated that sometimes the top of the jointer suport stand may arrive bowed down from shipping problems . The same WMH Tool Group representative promised to verify that the jointer tables were within Powermatic flatness tolerance prior to shipment , and that all 8 jointer support feet were in full contact with the jointer stand , prior to shipment . It was noted to the same WMH representaive that a Shop Fox 8 '' jointer , and a Delta Pro 8 '' jointer were checked for table flatness in the dealer 's showroom and both were within .0025 '' , or better . The same WMH representative assured us that the replacement Powermatic 8 '' jointer we received would match or equal their competitions flatness accuracy.Hoping for the best.Randall S.
 I loved this when I got it out of the box but it has n't quite lived up to my expectations . First , I left it sitting on my brand new changing table for several days while painting the nursery . I had n't peeled off the double sided tape so did n't think it would be a problem . Evidently it got too warm and stuck to the table so when I peeled it off it ruined the finish . I admit to possible `` user error '' but did n't want anyone else to make the same mistake!The other issue is that it fell off the wall about 2 weeks after hanging it up . The mechanism for adhering it to the wall is n't sufficient , but I 'm sure you could add more tape or nails to keep it in place .
 I was sooo excited to receive my new shoe themed shelf bracket . Unfortunately there were holes to screw it into the stud so i made my own . The heel would not attach or support the shelf I placed on it . Would not recommend . The second pair I ordered works fine as shoes .
 To the previous reviewer - it is too bad you had such trouble . The trick is to attach the heel of the shoe-shaped shelf bracket to the wall with the sole UP , then place the shelf on the -LRB- relatively -RRB- level sole of the shoe/bracket thing . I found that in this configuration the shelf could easily support of box of facial tissue and a greeting card , though supporting a 50-gallon aquarium produced disastrous results.Still , I have to give this product just one star because it does not come in brushed nickel and the tophat-wearing fish emblem does not match my decor .
 I 'm sure the item is great - it if was the size I wanted ... I wish there was more descriptions listed for products ; sizes in particular .
 Wow ! Went to Home Depot and can get 2 batteries for 49.99 . Apparently we need to do our homework for any online purchase . I cant even believe the price on this item !
 I bought a set of Ryobi tools , as household/garage/farm tools . The tools themselves are decent , no Makita or Panasonic for sure , but decent.Big problem , these batteries are near worthless . Circular saw , one 24 '' cut and its toast . Drill ? 10 holes max , impact driver , 6 holes max , and you are done with any useable power . Seems like all I do is change batteries , and I have 4 of them.For
 Thought I was getting a 2 pack , turned out to be just 1 battery . You can get a 2 pack at Home Depot for less than $ 50 . Go there !!!
 I bought a cordless drill that came with a flashlight and another tool using this style battery . I took very good care of the battery but it has not lasted as long as batteries of other cordless tools I have owned . I think they must sell the tool at a loss in order for you to keep having to buy batteries for it . It is strange that a replacement battery costs more than I originally paid for the cordless drill and its battery .
 I got sold on the concept after getting a drill/flashlight kit - then went on to purchase a string trimmer , a hedge trimmer and a leaf blower . All items functioned well initially for the price paid , but none of the batteries would hold a charge after less than a year of light use and with very few charging cycles . It is a shame that Home Depot would put these products on the market with this major design defect . They have probably spent millions on the development and marketing the product line , so why would they not keep their customers happy with a battery upgrade or replacement program under warranty ?
 My P100 NiCD batteries stopped holding a charge , so I started shopping around for replacements -LRB- like you are now -RRB- . I was shocked at the prices for these batteries . Then I read a review that recommended replacing these NiCD batteries with the MUCH better Li-Ion batteries . Check out the RyobiPowertools website - they sell upgrade kits that include a charger and Li-Ion battery for about the cost of these NiCD batteries . The new charger will charge your old NiCD batteries as well as the new Li-Ion ones , and the Li-Ion battery is lighter and will last much longer . Kudos to Ryobi for giving us such a simple upgrade path to the latest battery tech .
 I have to sell the Ryobi saw . This battery is good only for a few minutes of use . Not happy !
 from the pic , it looks as if it had a center screw to affix to the wall plate . but , in fact it does not and so when removing plugs the whole device comes away from the wall outlet . it has a sloppy fit and needs to have a screw to secure it to the wall plate ,
 Stanley and Klein USA-made tools are second to none , but their small pliers are all made in China . So far every Chinese-made hand tool I 've owned has become chipped , dented or bent in short order . If it has a cutting edge you 'll be lucky to get a year of moderate use out of it . I can not find a new set of small pliers made in the USA , but I trusted the Stanley name and hoped for the best . These seem to be slightly sturdier than others although the spring is pretty flimsy . Time will tell .
 I reviewed this purchase before I bought the shelves ... the seller was excellent ; however , the item turned out to be not as good as it looked ; as a matter of fact when I started to assemble it I noticed that a couple of pieces from the sides of the shelves had snapped off during shipping . Did not return them because I needed them ASAP . I reenforced them , secured them to the wall and moved on.IF YOU ARE BUYING SHELVES THAT NEED TO BE STRONG ... STAY AWAY FROM THIS BRAND . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND this item AT ALL .
 I recently ordered a set of the white shelves . The legs were all different lengths and the boards were all warped . Plano has clearly let their quality slip lately .
 I purchased this shelve and it was delivered to my home busted . It has huge pieces of plastic missing on the sides . I should have kept in mind the reviews I read prior to purchase . Not only that this shelf I paid over forty dollars for and come to find out it is half that price at Walmart !! I was so ripped off ! I will probably not be using Amazon again and I will make it well aware that my friends and family know not to.Plano Molding 904 Four-Shelf Utility Shelving , Dark Gray
 Length :
 Stanley and Klein USA-made tools are second to none , but their small pliers are all made in China . So far every Chinese-made hand tool I 've owned has become chipped , dented or bent in short order . If it has a cutting edge you 'll be lucky to get a year of moderate use out of it . I can not find a new set of mini-pliers made in the USA , but I trusted the Stanley name and hoped for the best . These seem to be slightly sturdier than others although the spring is pretty flimsy . Time will tell .
 I purchased this knife as I have been pleased with the innovation of many of the fatmax products . The knife is a very nice looking tool , very ergonomic and comfortable when exerting maximum force into a cut . I really liked the large amount of blade storage in the handle , and changing blades is quite speedy , with a twist of the dial the knife scissors open to reveal the interior blade storage . The dial can also clamp the blade into place fairly securely if you need to exert force at the tip of the blade.The dial and scissor design also creates some problems however . The biggest issue has been when cutting into drywall or shingles , etc , that can leave residue on the blade . Because of the close fit of the blade in the knife to allow the two halves to clamp it in place , when retracting the blade the knife can become clogged with drywall , tar , etc very easily and impede or prevent the blade from moving in or out at all . Sometimes you can twist the dial very loose to get the blade to move , but then the knife feels very insecure as the two halves rattle around against each other . I 've cleaned the inside surface of the knife countless times and eventually come back to the same issue . I also seems impossible to get a `` perfect '' dial setting where the blade will slide easily but the two halves of the knife handle will feel secure.These problems have resulted in the knife being retired to the tool box and I now keep a regular old stanley 10-079 knife in my apron for daily use . Sure I miss the quick blade changes but I am happier with the instant no fuss blade extract/retract and a solid feeling handle . I think the fatmax knife would be ideal when there is a lot of tough cutting to be done where you will frequently need to change blades , and the ergonomics would come into play , but if you are going to be cutting drywall , shingles , etc , I would think the fixed blade model would be better to avoid the issues I had .
 I read a few reviews and I should have listened . The knife has one problem - It is very difficult to slide the blade in and out . I am a pretty strong guy and it takes almost everything I 've got to slide this blade in and out . So I sent it back .
 I reeeelly wanted to like this knife . But ca n't . I used it for about a year doing drywall , cutting carpet etc. . It allows you to put a lot of pressure on the work but the blade is difficult to slide for all the reasons mentioned . But I have something to add . After forcing it open numerous time the metal blade holder starts to bend and the function just gets worse . The blade changes are also not really that fast . You can find faster . All and all Its a knife that really does n't do anything that its designed to do well . I urge you to resist buying this product .
 I saw one of these knives and just had to have one . should have bought the one with the fixed blade.REtracting this blade is ridiculous.Sure it can be done by working the knob but i cut one piece of drywall and had to loosen it so much to get the blade to move that the knife was ready to pop open . what a joke . Oh and my poor sore thumb from working that big knob !!!
 I purchased a Powermatic 14 inch bandsaw in August 2009 . I 'm not at all impressed with the quality . I know a lot of people like Powermatic , but mine must have been made on a Monday . For the most part , I think it is well designed , solid and a great performing saw . I took off three stars though , because of recurring problems I 've had with the machine . Here are the things I did n't like :1 . Initial set up is much more difficult than it needs to be
 I have had this saw for 8 months and it has had problems from the begining - the latest the quick release - does not work - I am sick of calling the manufacturer and will dump this thousand dollar piece of garbage with pleasure myself - fair warning : -RRB-
 I did n't buy my saw through Amazon and have no beef with them . I bought a used 2 or 3 year old Powermatic saw that seemed to be almost unused . I bought it because of it 's reputation . Bad idea . The quick release did n't work which makes it impossible to change blades . Long story short , I got the blade changed and while using it , something snapped and the upper wheel slammed into the shroud . I never had any problems with my old Delta that I had for 5 years.I took it to the local Powermantic service center , they kept it a week , gave it back . First cut I tried , same thing happened again . So , I called Powermatic 's service technician . They were of no help , just said to order parts . Could n't tell me why the release and tensioner was n't working . Faulted me for buying a used saw . Hopfully , if you buy a Powermatic it runs well because repair help is hard to find .
 I am very disappointed with this bandsaw . I just purchased it 12-31-05 from woodcraft and received it early January . I purchased the riser block from Amazon and received it the next day . While putting the band saw together and installing the riser block I was very impressed with the quality of parts , paint , and packaging . Everything went together according to the instructions and I made all the proper adjustments . The first thing I noticed was that the guide rod was not parallel with the blade . The guides are off by a quarter inch from right to left and front to back while raising and lowering the guide !!!! Then I checked the blade to see if it was perpendicular to the table , it was not . I removed the table and placed a straight edge on the bottom wheel to the top and noticed that the two are off by a quarter inch ! I put a dial indicator on the lower wheel because of excessive vibration and the bottom wheel is off by .010 ? . The wheel does not even contact the little brush part of the time.By now I am getting upset . I just paid $ 1000 for a useless tool . I called tech support and they said that mine isn & iexcl ; t the first and they are going to send out a new cast iron top support . I was told that a bracket was welded on incorrectly . Do n't they check these while they are being assembled ? I have spent over 8 hours trying to determine what was wrong . There should be a recall on this . Who knows how many more hours to fix and replace these defective parts ? My serial number ends with 400 , so check your machine . I hope the tech support department is better than the manufacturing.Woodcraft sent out another bandsaw and I agree with the other 5 star reviews . This is the bandsaw I was hoping for .
 I bought my saw from Woodcraft with a 12 '' riser block . I worked many hours trying to get the saw aligned , so the blade would run center on both the top and bottom wheels . I could track it center on the top wheel but it was way off center on the lower wheel . Finally I gave up and called Powermatic technical support . They said I needed to remove the aligning pins from the riser block and manually position the top casting so as to align the top wheel with the bottom wheel . I was surprised that this was their solution but thought I would give it a try anyway . I was actually able to get the wheels aligned by removing the riser block pins , and the blade tracked correctly , but the top casting was about inch offset and the blade channel/guard on the left side of the machine would not bolt back in place . I disassembled the unit , repacked it , and returned it to Woodcraft for full credit . I was fortunate to have purchased this from a local Woodcraft retail store . They refunded my money without argument.During this process , I tried to run the saw without the riser block . It would track close to center on the bottom wheel with the blade centered on top , but still not dead-on center like I would expect . So the problem is definitely amplified with the riser block.I currently own a Powermatic 66 tablesaw and love it . I purchased the bandsaw because of the Powermatic reputation and my positive experience with the tablesaw . I still have to believe Powermatic is a quality company . There are many other positive reviews on this saw . Needless to say I was disappointed in the whole experience , and most of all in Powermatic . I can accept the fact that they let some bandsaws ship with manufacturing defects . I can not accept the fact that they do not take responsibility for this problem and expect the user to jury-rig the assembly to compensate for a defect in manufacture .
 I OPENED THE ONE OF THE THREE CARTONS I RECEIVED WITH MY PURCHASE OF THE BANSAW , AND THE RISER BLOCK , AND THE FIRST THING I NOTICED WAS THE CABINET HAD A DENT IN IT . IT WAS N'T TOO BAD ; SO I THOUGHT I 'D DISMISS THIS AS MINOR.I HAD PURCHASED THE RISER BLOCK SO I COULD CUT AT 12 '' CAPACITY ; SO I INSTALLED IT AS SHOWN IN THE BOOK THAT CAME WITH IT . BY THE WAY THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE WRONG !!! , AND SKETCHY AT BEST . I WORKED FOR OVER 12 HOURS TRYING TO GET THE SAW ALIGNED , SO THE BLADE WOULD RUN CENTER . NO LUCK . I CALLED POWERMATIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT , AND THEY WERE FRIENDLY AND COURTEOUS , BUT TOLD ME RIGHT OFF THE BAT THAT I WOULD HAVE TO DISASSEMBLE THE SAW , AND REMOVE THE PINS FROM THE RISER BLOCK , AND THE PORTION OF THE SAW THAT THEY SIT IN . THE RISER BLOCK PINS ARE NOT ALIGNED PROPERLY , AND THERE IS , FROM WHAT I WAS TOLD , NO WAY TO TRACK THE SAW PROPERLY WITHOUT REMOVING THEM , AND USING THE OLD TRIAL AND ERROR METHOD . I PROCEEDED TO SAW THE PINS OUT , GRIND THE ROUGH EDGES SMOOTH , AND THEN PUT THE SAW BACK TOGETHER AGAIN . I DID SUCCEED , BUT WHEN I TRIED TO TENSION THE BLADE , THE BLADE TENSION LEVER BROKE . I USED THE SAME TENSION AS BEFORE , BUT APPARENTLY IT WAS SITTING OFF CENTER , OR THE LEVER IS DEFECTIVE I AM NOT SURE WHICH . I CALLED POWERMATIC BACK , AND TOLD THEM THAT I WAS ONE UNHAPPY CUSTOMER , AND THAT I AM SURE THAT EVERYONE THAT BUYS THE SAW , AND RISER BLOCK WOULD REALLY APPRECIATE IT IF THEY WOULD AMEND THE INSTRUCTIONS TO TELL THE CUSTOMER ; THAT THE RISER BLOCK HAS PROBLEMS , OR BETTER YET IF THEY WOULD CORRECT THE PROBLEM BEFORE SELLING THE SAW . I WAS TOLD BY THE TECH ; THAT HE WOULD GO OVER TO WHERE THEY PRINT UP THE INSTRUCTIONS , AND ASK THEM IF THEY COULD DO SOMETHING TO SEE THAT OTHERS DID N'T HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM AS I HAD.I HAVE READ SOME WONDERFUL REVIEWS ABOUT THIS SAW , AND IF I SPEND ANOTHER TWO OR THREE DAYS WAITING ON PARTS , AND USING TRIAL AND ERROR ; THEN I MAY TOO CHANGE MY REVIEW , BUT FOR NOW ; ALL I CAN SAY IS THAT I WOULD NOT HAVE BOUGHT THE SAW IF I KNEW THAT I HAD TO CUT OUT PINS , AND TEAR IT UP IN ORDER TO FIX IT . I 'LL LET EVERYONE KNOW HOW IT TURNS OUT , BUT FOR NOW , MY ADVICE IS BE CAREFUL AND CHECK IN ADVANCE IF YOU ARE GOING TO USE A RISER BLOCK ; BECAUSE YOU COULD BE IN FOR THE NIGHTMARE I HAVE BEEN THROUG . GOOD LUCK
 I purchased this powematic bandsaw three years ago from woodcraft , and it has failed me multiple times throughout this entire time period . The first thing to go wrong with the bandsaw was the blade tension screw located on the back of the saw ; I was replacing the cheap powermatic blade that came with the saw and as I adjusted the tension I found that the screw was completely stripped out . Due to my location -LRB- Eastern Montana -RRB- , I was not obliged to pack the saw up in the pickup and haul it all the way to Billings so I bit the bullet and ordered a new screw losing several days of work . Next on my list of complaints was the air pump that blows the saw dust off the work piece ; my entire saw began shaking one day . I called technical services , and they said it sounded like a bad air pump . I removed the pump , and the rattling stopped . Then , I installed a large re-saw blade on the band saw , and the blade refused to track in the center of the band wheel -LRB- the blade is a special blade made by timber wolf for a small saw like this one -RRB- . Finally , the auxiliary table on the bandsaw will not level with the adjustable table ; there is n't enough adjustment in the auxiliary table to have both tables line up on a level plane - it drives me nuts . I am not a total idiot ; I do have experience with 14 inch bandsaws . I teach shop at the local high school , and we have two delta bandsaws that work just fine . I have kids using and abusing these machines , and they still work better than my powermatic and that is something to be truly bitter about !
 I purchased this bandsaw 3 years ago . The fence is not well designed . The locking mechanism uses a plastic pad which holds the fence in place but the plastic pad fell off Shortly after I purchased the saw . Sure , you can glue the plastic pad back on and keep going but for a grand you would expect a better fence and locking mechanism.The carter quick release just broke recently while tightening the blade . A few of the gear teeth dropped out of the bottom of the release mechanism so now I will need to follow up with Powermatic to get it fixed.I purchased Powermatic because I thought they set the standard . I do n't use this tool very often and several things are broken and it isnt operating right now . It was a waste of my money .
 The instructions to assemble the saw were among the worst I have ever seen . Steps were missing so that once a certain point in the assembly was reached you had to take it apart again to complete the missing step . This happened 4 different times . The photography showing most steps was poor at best . I wound of with extra parts that I still have been unable to determine what they were used for . I assume the extra parts are from another missing step in the instructions .
 I hate to be the `` fly in the ointment '' for this machine but I was really disappointed in a machine for which I considered I paid top dollar . -LRB- For a 14 '' machine -RRB- . In addition to sketchy assembly instructions , I was also missing a few bolts and had to revert to my jar of leftovers . When the time came to install the belt I found that the motor pulley was out of parallel with the saw pulley ... It seems the lower moter bracket was welded to the frame out of square . I was able to remedy the situation by putting a nut behind one of the mounting bolts and bending/twisting the motor bracket . Something I might expect to do on a `` bottom of the line '' machine . The machine runs well and cuts great -LRB- with a new blade -RRB- but already one of the -LRB- rear blade support -RRB- roller bearings has frozen up . Needless to say I was greatly disappointed in this machine .
 I 'm not an experienced painter so I bought this tool thinking that it would make it easier to paint the trim and create straight lines , i.e. , between the walls and the ceiling . In the end , I found it much easier and faster to use tape and an angled brush .
 This trim-painting tool does n't work well . I followed instructions , filled up the tube with paint , and started my trim work . The pad distributes the pain unevenly , and it started dripping quite a bit.The tube holds enough paint to cover about 6 feet . When the tube is empty , you have to remove the pad , and fill the tube up again , then put on the pad , which is filled with paint . A big mess.Not recommended . Stick with tape and an angled brush for trim work .
 Stanley and Klein USA-made tools are second to none , but their small pliers are all made in China . So far every Chinese-made hand tool I 've owned has become chipped , dented or bent in short order . If it has a cutting edge you 'll be lucky to get a year of moderate use out of it . I can not find a new set of small pliers made in the USA , but I trusted the Stanley name and hoped for the best . These seem to be slightly sturdier than others although the spring is pretty flimsy . Time will tell .
 I ordered it from Samsbzness one month ago and not received it yet ... So the rating is for the service , not for the product , as I had no opportunity to try it yet .
 We have now removed this shower head and its specialized shower arm and its specialized escutcheon and the short water-supply extension pipe these require and replaced them with a better and less costly set of components . The driving problem with the 18494 is that its conventional spray pattern is fine and broad ; it stings tender flesh and does not deliver enough water to any one spot to easily remove soap or shampoo . Then , there is the matter of its over-sized couplings -LRB- head to arm , arm to water supply -RRB- making piecemeal substitutions impossible . Finally , the head 's inner workings are plastic , so they break easily when one takes it apart for cleaning/descaling . And , did I mention , the package is costly . We switched to the 15966 `` Flip-Side '' and mounted it on a less-prestigious and normally-sized shower arm -- and we are much happier .
 I installed the riser block and the guides did n't lineup . The top guides were over a half inch forward of the bottom guides . I called tech help they informed me that this is an on going problem . They told me to remove the pins from the saw body . They said the pins are for alinment porposes only . They have nothing to do with holding it all in place . I am concrned this wo n't stop the top half of the saw twisting while under blade presure . They assured me it would n't be a problem . Let 's hope it is n't a problem .
 I got my Powermatic saw today and started to set it up . I thought I 'd install the riser at the same time since I already had all of my tools out . The riser I got is out of square ; not only does it cause the wheels to be misaligned in the vertical plane , but the top and bottom surfaces of the riser block are not even parallel . When installed , the top of the saw leans back enough to be obvious . putting a straight-edge across the face of the top wheel shows that the bottom wheel is set back a half inch at the top and three quarters at the bottom , so re-drilling guide holes wont even cure it ; one of the horizontal faces would need re-milled . Nice Q.C. there , guys . Hopefully , I can get a good one cross shipped without a lot of blather about how co-planarity -LRB- sp ? -RRB- is overrated . I 'll let you know how this tragicomedy ends .
 I was hoping to find this item with either a lower price for its torque or higher torque for its price .
 I purchased Model 209-20 planer . When received and uncrated it I discovered the extensions to be completely rusted and pitted.Obviously at least these two components are now from China . I really thought Powermatic was American made . I contacted Powermatic and they refused to help saying that to replace them would take a minimum of 12 weeks.If you make the mistake of buying this please do your self a favor and just drop the old rusted extension on your foot . You wo n't have near the frustration while you recover and sit in front of your pc trying to get in touch with someone from Amazon , instead of trying to do it while making a living .
 This machine has been frustrating to operate and a disappointment overall . 1 -RRB- I 've only had it for a year and already both the ON and OFF switches have broken - they are made of plastic . 2 -RRB- The transmittion that changes the feed roller speed slips into neutral . This means you have to shut the thing down , lower the table and pull the piece out , start the machine and select the speed , re-adjust the thickness and hope you have the thickness back exactly where it was . 3 -RRB- The table rollers , which per the manual , are supposed to be adjusted to .003 '' above the table surface , do not stay at that height . They are adjusted with a cam mechanism which can not effectively be locked in place . Powermatic Tech support tells me that the rollers are to be adjusted to .003 '' for rough material and even with the table for finished lumber . This has proven not to be the case , it will not feed itself if the rollers are not set at a minimum of .003 '' for rough or finished material . Adjusting the rollers is fairly straight forward with a straight edge and machinists thickness guage set , but to access the cam locking set screw , you have to lower the table and when you raise it again , hope you have gotten it back to the same thickness setting . I have had to adjust at least one of the rollers every 500 linear feet of material . 4 -RRB- The machine leaves small sipes -LRB- not from the in-feed roller -RRB- on the surface of the board . On the plus side , the Model 209 does have enough horsepower.I also own a 13 '' JET planer/molder . Out of the box this machine worked flawlessy and for years it has produced a mirror finish every time.I would not purchase the Powermatic Model 209 again .
 Out of the crate this is the biggest dissapointment I have ever had . The planner leaves a ripple on the boards that can not be fixed and powermatic wants nothing to do with fixing it . The techs at Powermatic ca n't seem to come up with anything to fix it . I had to readjust the bed , rollers , blades and bottom rollers out of the crate . They say that is normal . Not for me
 I feel like it is mistake to order this item through Amazon . With this price and the item is not working ! I received the replacement quickly but it still not working so I end up returned and get refund . I hate to comment like '' You got what you paid for '' but this flash light is very expensive but there is no qualilty at all , no wonder we ca n't compete with the other import item ...
 The 3M Blue Tape is much better , this stuff is n't sticky enough , even on a completely flat surface with no texture it came off too easy , meaning it did n't do its job properly .
 I ordered this framer around the 20th of October 2003 , expecting a little bit of a wait on delivery . However here it is November 7th and I was told it might be in around December 1st . Amazon / tool crib get your delivery system fixed .
 `` Rustproof grommets '' means plastic . The manufacturer 's description says `` Solid Brass Grommets every 18-Inch Around Hem and at Every Corner '' . Not true . They are plastic and the spacing is not 18 inches . They are randomly spaced , varying from 20 '' to 32 '' . These grommets are not secured well and can easily be pulled out . Some are not completely within the hem , so these can be pulled out with your fingers because the bottom of the grommet is in the thicker hem while the upper part is in the single layer fabric . The corner grommets are very good . I got 10 years out of my previous tarp with brass grommets , used as a boat cover on an `` A '' frame . I 'll be lucky to get 2 years out of this one .
 I SPENT 500.00 ON THIS GREAT NAILER ONLY TO FIND OUT YOU CA N'T GET ANY NAILS FOR IT ANYWHERE . NOT EVEN FROM HITACHI !!!!!!!!!! WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON ?? AMAZON IS STILL CURRENTLY SELLING THEM YET THEY DO N'T HAVE A CLUE AS TO WHERE TO GET ANY NAILS FOR IT . I GUESS I 'LL JUST USE IT AS A HAMMER AND BEAT THE NAILS IN
 I bought this hammer for work and within a week the lower part of the face chipped off . Maybe because of the bad placement of the nail set which is on the bottom of the head . Hammers with the nail set on top of the head have a lot more setting power . Oh , and one more thing , the claw of the hammer is really thick . If your like me and use the claw for other things besides pulling nails this claw may be to your disadvantage . Would not recommend this hammer to my fellow professionals .
 It clamps snug to a bench , and does not move , however the working clamp is not impressing me so far . I 've tried clamping several things , from copper pipes clamped lightly to solid steel tool bits clamped with maximum force , and no matter how lightly or tightly I clamp things down , the working piece seems to move around in the direction of the openings . The whole thing is painted a glossy orange , including the clamp jaws , so maybe I need to sand that down . It 's like the jaws need to be knurled or something to give it grip . Perhaps the intent of this small vise is to use it for delicate items , and the smooth surface helps things from being damaged , but so far I 'm using this for tools and other heavy duty things , so I would appreciate some better gripping power.I may edit my review if I decide to sand the jaw faces and they start to grip better , but right now I 'm not terribly impressed .
 Initially I thought this was an awsome product as it worked flawlessly . I was able to setup several different on and off settings for each weekday and weekend days . After the first 2 months I notice all the display locations were completely on so you could n't read anything ; until it was unpluged and it worked fine again . I reset it back to default , reconfigured all the settings and plugged it back in . Once again every display item was on so you could n't read anything . It was n't really a big deal since it was still working . Then after a couple more months it stopped turning things on and off . Now it 's completely useless . I did get several good months out of this unit but I was expecting years ...
 Had this thing for a month and noticed it started turning my appliance on and off at different times after three weeks . I attempted to reset it but the display is missing elements in and i can not see the days of the week i want to set . I have contacted the company for a return because no return info came with the unit .
 At first I thought this unit was great . The setup was pretty intuitive and it 'd handle exactly the programming that I needed . I setup my appliance on this expecting to find it turned off 3 hours later . To my shock and horror , I found the device on 10 hours later with the timer displaying all 8888 for the time , as well as every other LCD element lit . Unplugging and replugging did not fix anything , and actually proved it was further broken ! The battery backed-up clock/timer feature was also not working -LRB- although it was working great out of the box , and as I setup the unit -RRB- . Now something is rattling around inside the unit and its display is still just full of garbage as it passes power -LRB- a * SAFE * unit would fail to OFF , not ON -RRB- . The quality control is certainly not up to par . My appliance was rated at a quarter of the capacity of this 15A unit , I should not have had problems ! Avoid !!
 I bought 2 of these and one of them was completely dead ! I mean ; a new product !!! how can this be possible !!?? . -LRB- update -LRB- 10/1/2011 -RRB- the second one I got stopped working after 6 months of use . I wasted ~ $ 35 on these poorly made products , please buy something else with that .
 I have tried with two , guess I 'm a slow learner . The first one worked well for three months then scrambled images appeared and it developed a personality of it 's own . The second one had it own way from the first like it does not understand AM or PM settings .
 I purchase two timers and returned one dead on arrival while waiting on the replacement the other timer led stopped functioning , I have returned both timers once and received timers that do not function as they should ... these timers are a P.O.S. avoid unless you like spending your own money returning garbage
 I bought two woods 59377 timers , not too hard to program but after a few days one of them lost the settings . So I reprogrammed and a few days later it lost the settings again screen would just blink . Sent it back and got a new one now the other one is doing the same thing . Will be sending this one back also . I bought a brinks and it seems to be holding settings.Not recommended !
 I purchased this timer because it had two outlets . The first one I received was faulty , the display did not activate and there was no way to start/set it.The replacement I received after I returned it lasted exactly one day ... again , the display went into default mode and I was unable to reset anything.When I unplugged the timer from the outlet I noticed a rattling sound inside , as if something inside had popped -LRB- fuse ? -RRB- . There is also a ` dimple ' on the side of the unit that I did not notice earlier.Concerned that maybe my outlet was the problem I had my local electrician test it -LRB- no problem -RRB- , then plugged in another timer and have had no problem since.Most likely there is a flaw in the electrical wiring inside the Woods timer.The Woods timer is going back to Amazon - again . This time for a refund .
 I 'm just going to say when I got this item I had to plug it in for a while before the screen would even come on -LRB- which was half numbers , and un-readable letters -RRB- , and like another poster , I had to take it apart to get it to work correctly . I can only give it one star because of this , and seing as I 've only had it on for about 12 hours I do n't know how well it will work in the long run . Some less mechanically inclined people might not know how to take apart the unit -LRB- making it virtually useless -RRB- , and ruin it -LRB- which they should never have to do in the first place ...
 Item was D.O.A. despite that it was sealed in original new packaging and the container was not damaged , and despite that it has a sticker on the back saying `` Q.C. passed '' which would mean it `` passed '' Quality Control . I think not .
 I 've had this unit for over 3 months now . I consider myself reasonably capable of setting up automated devices such as this one , and the instructions seem to be well written and clear . However I have not been able to get the unit to turn lamps on and off according to the program . The lights stay on most of the time , but seem to turn off and on randomly . I 've set it aside three times and come back to it later , re-read the instructions , and tried again to program it and get it to work . No luck . I can not recommend this product at all .
 Do n't waste your time and money on this product . It would n't even turn on to activate any timer settings . Either product was defective , or a scam !
 I received this timer and the lcd had a display on it . I put it away for a week and now it wo n't even work . No lcd display . Battery does n't `` charge '' and it does n't even turn on . Piece of crap product .
 Despite reading the negative reviews of other buyers , I decided to chance it thinking if it worked , I 'd be golden . Bad choice , b/c now I have to return it . After plugging it in , I programmed it just fine , and the battery charged up . But then ... I plugged it in again , and this time got all the LCD elements lit up and none of the buttons were working . Unplug it , and it seemed to work again , but that 's no good , b/c then stuff plugged into it would n't work!Worse yet was when I gently rocked it while plugged in and heard the relay clicking on and off . That was the sign that this one was toast.The sad thing is that feature-wise , this is a nice unit ; they just need to get their quality control up .
 We bought these timers -LRB- 2 -RRB- before we left on a trip ... when we returned they did not work . They keep time but do not turn on or turn off the lamps attached . Even the manual override switch does not work properly ... it gets stuck . We are past the point of being able to return the items but want to warn prospective buyers to avoid these worthless timers .
 this timer is too complicated to program . after 6 months it stopped timing completely and just left the light on .
 This product stopped working after just 2 weeks . Of course , my window to return was closed by then . In no way is it a reasonable expectation for a product to not work after just 2 weeks . There are many other similar products wth the same price point available . I would strongly suggest not buying this one .
 I recieved the original timer and it worked with the manual switch but triped GFI when it tried to turn on the light by timer . It was returned and a replacement was recieved which also did not work . the replacement did not trip the GFI but it did not turn on the light by the timer . It also worked manually . I have returned the second timer and asked for credit to buy something that will work . I should have read the reviews prior to buying this product .
 I played with this thing for over an hour last night and still do not have the timer working !! The instructions make it sound easy but it 's not !
 I purchased four of the Woods digital timers . I returned one unit immediately to Amazon and received a credit for the purchase price . I programmed the other three and used them to turn on and off small table lights . Within a year all three of these timers failed . The warranty period is one year.Other digital timers have lasted for years which is what I expected from the Woods considering the price of $ 17.00 each .
 I bought two of these and both have completely failed with in months or days . Woods does not care one bit about the problem . Read all the bad reviews . They just quit working for no reason . Dont trust these one bit with your house !! Why would Woods even sell these is my question ??
 Yup , I second everyone else 's statements . Do n't bother buying this darned thing , it just is not worth your money or time .
 This product works fine , but only for about one year . After that , it dies . Just like other reviewers say , I see 8888.88 on the screen . It means it is not working anymore.I reprogrammed it . Then it went 8888 again after couple days . Repeat the process.It is not hard to program . Really . But why bother if it works only for one year?I should have read the reviews before buying it .
 Purchased this for a dehumidifier . Wanted it to be turned off during the time of day we are in the basement . It worked great for a couple of weeks . One day I noticed the dehumidifier was not on when it should be . Looked at the timer and all the time digits were 8 's -LRB- 88:88 -RRB- . And all the other little icons were on and it rattles inside like something fried . I unplugged it and let it sit for a while then plugged it back in and it will not work . I 'm going to attempt to exchange it at the store I purchased it at , otherwise I will try to get it replaced through the factory as long as it costs me nothing to do it . I can not recommend it.Update
 Straight out of the box , this timer never worked . I could n't even set the time , much less program it to do anything . Absolutely useless .
 As others have stated , the programming is a little tough , the `` manual '' button requires a bit of attention to get right . I used this to switch a block heater -LRB- 12.5 Amps -RRB- for a diesel car . It sat in an unheated garage to perform this duty . Failure mode started with loss of display elements , then loss of programming and finally completely unreadable , garbled display . Failure was less than 3 years .
 I bought three of these gadgets in June 2011 , and immediately began using two of them . After around five months , one stopped working , and a week later the other one . On both occasions the gadgets were opened and I found that part of the circuit board was darkened , as if burnt . So much for `` heavy duty '' . All they had been doing was , in two separate houses that run solely on solar energy , turn the refrigerator on in the morning and off at night . And they were n't put to this use all of the five months -- only when the days had been cloudy and we doubted there 'd be enough electricity in the solar batteries to last the night while the fridge was on . And these are small fridges , more like the minibars in dorms or hotel rooms , that consume less than an amp per hour . I 'm really disappointed . The third one is still in storage , I 've been wondering whether to use it or not .
 I bought two timers , this Timer is very bad set-up and not clear informations , and the woods Timer is clear , easy set-up . I tried to set 2 hours , but not working as i want , just for christmas lamps and tree , do n't need for down or dusk ?? Then i threw it to the trash.I have to bought 2 more WOODS Timers .
 I purchased this product -LRB- June 2011 -RRB- because of its great features and great price . Unfortunately , I got what I paid for . After less than ten days of use , it quit on me . When I shake it , something rattles around inside . It worked great for the first week and was easy to set up . I bought it to run my dehumidifier during the evening hours and shut it off in the daytime , as my energy is less expensive over night . As I said , it was wonderful while it lasted , but it did n't last long . Look at the other reviews ! Most of them say the same thing.Don ' t purchase this product !!!
 I purchased 10 of these . It looks fantastic but the display quickly fades out and becomes unusable . Each one has since stopped working altogether . A terrible piece of technology .
 Two units had one dead and one showing all numbers at once , hence non-readable , within 5-6 weeks of purchase . Classic `` Junk for Jerks , from China '' . At least I did n't get lead poisoning !
 I bought this to use on an appliance . I unpacked it looked at it 's features and was VERY impressed . I ended up NEVER using it . About 9 months later I found a use for it . I plugged it in and it DID N'T work . I know that it is my fault for not testing it when I first received but several of the other reviews stated similar stories . I looked for a warranty but found nothing . Do yourself a favor and pass .
 I ordered this because I need a 15 amp unit with versatile programming . The unit arrived in a sealed package , but no instructions . After an hour of trying to program it -LRB- and having it spontaneously reset every few minutes -RRB- , I concluded that the unit was defective and am returning it . I 'm now guessing the unit was bad and returned then shipped again .
 This is a basically functional product , but ridiculously complex . You get it to start and stop an electric device . It has scads of other useless functional and a LENGTHY programming time . Blah . Get a simpler one .
 This junk does not work . What more is there to say . Only the biggest mooncalf will buy this product after reading this review .
 I saw the reviews too late . this is a complete rip off . It is total junk ; burned out within days . Unbelievable!EDIT -LRB- 11/19/10 -RRB-
 I purchased this outlet timer based on the previous review and was VERY happy when I received it . It had all the features I wanted :1 . two grounded outlets2 . room so when it is plugged into a 2-plug outlet , you can still usethe second outlet .3 . very easy to program4 . battery backup -LRB- we have frequent power outages -RRB- 5 . quiet operation -LRB- the mechanical ones I find quite loud -RRB- . In my searching , there is nothing else on the market that has these features . I also purchased one of the cheaper,non-grounded Woods models.Everything worked beautifully until our last power outage . I noticedthe lights did not turn off . I pulled the timer out and it was fried.When I shook it , black carbon came out and it rattled . For the record , I do n't think we had a surge as no other electronics in the house hadany problems , including two computers . It could be that I just boughta lemon . The other Woods outlet is working fine .
 I received this timer a day ago , programmed it and the next morning , it was totally blank with with something rattling on the inside and what appears to be carbon coming out of it.I am returning it today.I read another review very similar to this one . I would not recommend this time to anyone .
 Just ordered 3 of these timers for my children 's TV 's . One has worked properly right out of the package , but the other two will not set and activate properly . I have to manually add time to the TV timer to allow the TV to ever come up . The programming option will not work properly .
 How can they ship a product that is completely dead ? When plug in to outlet , nothing happen . The quality control for this company is really bad .
 I purchased two of these timers to use for my aquarium reef tank lighting . Neither one of them worked ... ever ! Product has great features , however , I would advise against buying it . Unfortunately I could not rate it less than `` 1 star '' .
 Does n't even deserve 1 star . Total junk . Never worked . Display said 4:58 the entire time it was plugged in . Buttons did not change things and reset did n't work either . After a few days of trying to figure out , returning and not even bothering with a replacement .
 I used this outlet for about a week and it fried . Its display is all completely lit up and the buttons are useful . I 've tried resetting it , removing batteries , etc. and nothing helps .
 I ordered two of these to turn on my lights when I went on vacation . When I received the two I ordered , neither one worked . The displays were frozen and no buttons worked . Amazon overnight-ed me two new ones to replace them and one of those did n't work , but the other one I could program . So before I went on vacation I tested the one that appeared to work . I set it up to turn on and off the lights a couple times , but it never did it . I followed the directions and set it up properly , but it never worked . So four out of four were dysfunctional.I went back and read the comments on here , which I should have in the first place , and heard a lot of the same . They really need to remove this item from Amazon since it is so bad .
 This timer became defective in less than a week
 It was dead on arrival . Would n't respond once plugged in . Seems like a good idea , but poor execution on the part of the manufacturer in China . Returning and will try another brand .
 Unit will not work new out of the wrapper . Will not set , as far as I can find no waranty .
 I bought this timer in Sep 2009 to repace a mechanical timer I had used for years.I set the timer up according to the meager instructions and used it twice in four months.In April 2010 I went to use it again and it was not functional . It would work on the standby battery , but when plugged
 I have had this timer for less than a month , in use every day and it just stopped working . The internal rechargable battery stopped working . Do n't buy it - quality is not good !
 Despite some of the negative reviews on Amazon , I took a chance and ordered this a few weeks ago . I used it to turn my espresso machine on ~ 30 minutes before waking up . It worked nice for 3 weeks , today it stopped working . All the LCD lights are stuck on.I should mention that there was loose parts rattling around in it since I opened it new . After it stopped working today , I opened the thing up today to see what it was , there was 2-3 loose rubber parts that fell right out . Also some black powder residue was inside it .
 I am sending this back for a refund . Worked great for a week . Then , I went to unplug it and switch to another outlet and it stopped working . I am thinking about getting another and seeing if that one works , as it is a cool product if it works , but will probably look for something else similar that has better reviews . Disappointing .
 This works great for two years , if you 're lucky . Then it dies . It depends on an internal rechargeable battery for the display to function properly . When the battery fails , the display shows all elements at once and all the numbers go to 8 . Also the battery keeps the thing programmed if there 's a power outage . The problem is there 's no way to replace the battery . I took mine apart and the circuit board is securely fastened with the battery attached underneath , and the battery tabs are flimsy pieces of metal attached to the circuit board . If you take it off , it 's off for good . There 's no receptacle designed for inserting a new battery . Even a cheap alarm clock has that feature . So although it seems like a heavy duty unit , it 's planned to expire so you have to buy another.The user manual is also very hard to understand and does n't even show pictures of the display . Once I figured it out I was able to make it work , but that was an unnecessary struggle . Of course the manual tells the user no way to replace the battery because it 's not intended to be replaced.Looking at the reviews of this and other similar appliance timers I 'm dismayed that no one seems to be dedicated to making a well-built , reliable and affordable product .
 After buying over 2 dozen of the Woods 59377 , I 'd recommend the Woods 59403 , they look identical as far as the programming electronics go except the black 59403 has a replaceable battery , which is important because these are not backups or rechargeable as claimed , they are necessary to function . When the battery dies , they stop working.I use timers in my restaurants to turn TVs on and off at set times I can tell you for me Woods timers have about an 80 % fail rate within 6 months , usually due to the battery dying , but I have had several fail even with good batteries.If you do get one that works for over six months , consider yourself lucky . I have maybe 3 or 4 that have worked over a year , the rest have all failed and been exchanged or trashed . Unfortunately this is still the best one I can find that is digital and has 2 grounded outlets , all makes seem to be a little flaky.You know you have a bad one if1 . Switch manually does not turn off or on -LRB- if it does n't work manually it wo n't work on AUTO later when you need it to . -RRB- 2 . The display has everything lit up or is garbled -LRB- if it does it once , it 's over , it might work for a little while but will fail again soon -RRB- 3 . Dead display - battery is dead -LRB- at least it 's changeable for this model , not so on the 59377 white , it 's done . -RRB- It could really be a great product if it were more reliable , I mailed the Woods home company a box of bad ones a week ago with no expectations , I 'll update here if they ever get back to me .
 I purchased this timer and kept it unopened for a few months and then tried to use it when my old Stanley died . It is dead . No LCD readout , even after being plugged in overnight , pushing reset button , etc. . Poor troubleshooting info , no mention of customer service number , website , or warrantly in enclosed manual . You take a risk if you buy this . I bought it for the `` rechargeable backup battery , '' which is nonreplaceable and nonfunctioning . It looks to be straight from China with little effort to help the customer with info . Shame . Look elsewhere unless you feel lucky . What is with all these electronic timers ?
 The first timer I received failed to turn a lamp on and off even though I was able to program the timer . I received a replacement that worked for about 18 months , then failed in the same way .
 Re
 Bought two of these timers through Amazon . One seemed to work in that I was able to set it . -LRB- I have n't used it on an appliance yet . -RRB- The other displayed all 8 's and I was n't able to set it . I sent it back . STRIKE ONE ! The replacement came promptly but the display is frozen and I 'm not able to do anything with it , either . STRIKE TWO ! It 's going back only this time we 're not going to try for STRIKE THREE ! We 're getting a different brand . I regret not reading the reviews because a lot of them were negative . This is n't a good product.The only positive thing about this experience is that Amazon was extremely prompt in authorizing the return . They were also prompt in sending the exchange .
 The first time I received it look in good condition , in spite of charging for 12 hours the LCD display did not function . I could only see partial numbers & letters and some letters were constantly blinking . I thought this could be a defective product -LRB- thinking it just could be that my stars are not aligned -RRB- . I returned and requested for a replacement -LRB- Which arrived very quick and in good condition as well -RRB- . The second one I charged for 24hours , as soon as I plugged it in I noticed that all the LCD numbers and letters lit up -LRB- I knew this was unusual , but wanted to give it some time -RRB- . After 24 hours nothing changed , no matter which button I pressed -LRB- or press and hold and click other button as mentioned in the manual -RRB- absolutely nothing changed . This thing did not even blink , it was a static screen . I am absolutely disappointed , felt like I wasted my time and money and somebodies money on return shipping .
 This product was completely defective from day one . The lights I plugged into it would not come on at the programmed time -LRB- or at any time -RRB- . I had better luck with a cheaper timer , like this : Woods 59366 Lamp and Appliance Timer with 3-Prong Outlet , Repeats Daily
 Bought 2 of these timers and both worked initally but both failed within 9 months . No warranty from Amazon after 30 days . Returning to Woods is too much hassle/expense for such a cheap item . Complete garbage .
 Bought for the Christmas season , ran for a month or so , unplugged for 6-7 months , and now looks and works normal when not plugged in but turns on all LCD segments and displays 88:88 , 8888 , 888888 , or 8888888 -LRB- depending on how you want to call it -RRB- . A plug timer that only works when unplugged , eh ? Neato ! Guess I 'll have to set an alarm for 2 AM so I can wake up and turn off the dehydrator . You owe me a night 's sleep , Woods . I 'll avoid all your products now .
 I got this to run some small fans to circulate the AC when I was at home and turn off while I was at work . The timer worked well and was easy enough to program . After about a year I moved and was going to use this timer with some lamps . When I went to program it I noticed that the display only works when it is not plugged in . When it was the display would change so that you would have to lay on the floor to read it and it would still be hard to read . I loved the fact you could override this and then it would take over timing when a set point time arrived , but the poor display made determining which mode your were in -LRB- override ON , timer ON , override OFF , timer OFF -RRB- made using impossible .
 Like a number of reports from other reviewers , mine was defective out of the box . I will return it , though I do n't know if I will exchange for the same model . I did n't like the way you have to crane your neck sideways to see the display when it 's plugged in , and even with craning the neck it 's almost impossible to see the display properly . You do n't realize that from the photo - that it 's so awkwardly designed .
 Purchased January 2011 ; used to switch a small forced air heater and a 40W lamp -LRB- together -RRB- for a total load of 1540W or 14Amps of current . It seems this was actually too much for the timer although it 's rated at a 15A load -LRB- meaning a continuous 15A load is in theory , ok - above that is dangerous -RRB- . After about 15 months of use we noticed that the socket powering the heater recently melted somewhat . The switch does not handle a 1540W/14A load and I feel very fortunate that we did not have a fire as a result , potentially endangering both our family and our property.Also , Coleman 's -LRB- parent co -RRB- website catalog advertises that the timer will switch itself to daylight savings . I do n't recall that ever happening - what I recall is that the lamp and heater came on an hour too late , so I had to adjust it 's clock myself.Summary
 This was good while it was working . However the device breaks easily . First one arrived defective out of the box will not power off and can not be programmed . The second one work for about two weeks , then I notice it never turns off , then its the same as the second one when plugged it all LED are powered on , can not be adjusted . Reset does not work.Just FYI this is connected to a ELectric powered Thermos , consumption of wattage is never more then 900w . I am not sure if I can still return this .
 Bought 3 of these units and all were dead in 15 months . Of course warranty is 12 months.Give credit to Woods as they responded to my e-mail immediately but units were out of warranty.Was great while they lasted .
 Please note - this item is NOT magnetic as advertised . # 43-649 AND # 43-625 are the corresponding magnetic box beam level , not the 43-648 and 43-624 . Stanley is aware of this and is supposed to be correcting their vendors.This is the ONLY reason why I gave it 1 star . We bought one and had to return it , as we needed a magnetic one .
 Forget the 7/16ths mentioned . This wrench is a FULL half inch . If it were 7/16ths it would have worked for the 3/8 bed bolt that I have . I emailed the seller and got no reply . I returned the bed wrench AND THEY ARE STILL RUNNING A CREDIT CARD CHARGE AGAINST ME . TERRIBLE PEOPLE .
 Stanley 47-483 100 FatMax Xtreme Chalk Box 2 Piece Set with 4 oz Bottle of Stanley Red ChalkI do layout all day every day and have been through many chalk boxes . This box looks cool and someone came up with some good ideas for features but durability was not one of them . I have two of these boxes . The first I used for six hours before the line broke . I had to order replacement line because it is not stocked at any local store . I purchased another box while waiting for replacement line . The second box jammed up before delivery of the replacement line . After replacing line in both boxes they lasted a total of 5 days before they both were jammed up and inoperable . This product would be OK for homeowner use but not for a pro .
 Cheap Cheaper Cheapest.Skip this one there 's much better.No documentation comes with it nor does the battery and it does not work without it.A simple , battery required on the box would have done it .
 The safety fuse is welded to the board , if you blow the fuse you can not replace , need to buy a new one.Quality sucks .
 And was working fine . But after 1 week it broke and did not work anymore . The quality was very cheap , of course so was the price . But I learned not to buy such products anymore .
 This is way to cheaply made I am disappointed -LRB- well not really typical chinese product -RRB- . My fault to buy it.The manual in the box is for a totally different item ... . not surprised.I only needed this for very simple tests so tried keep the cost low -LRB- and I have a much higher end product somewhere in the moving boxes -RRB- . For anything real DO NOT buy this ... OH YES require a 9V battery which is not mentioned and not included ...
 A nice unit that I enjoyed using , but after a few months several segments of the LCD failed . I can sort of make out the proper digits so , while it is frustrating , it has not rendered the unit unusable . Had I reviewed this unit before it failed , I would have given it 4 stars . Two stars is the best I can do for a faulty display .
 Unit was defective out-of-the-box . Middle digit of display was missing bottom half . Quickly got tired of guessing so requested replacement . One -LRB- + -RRB- week lost in wait ... not to mention having to buy a cheap substitute to replace a `` professional '' product .
 The whole thing is made pretty cheaply and it broke on me after a few hours of use . it really did n't help that much with dust control either . I would not recomend this to a friend .
 These pads work okay , but when un-boxed , all of the 10 had clumped glue in the area where they are glued together . It meant I had to use a junk piece to sand down the extra glue before I could start using on my project . The overall quality could definitely be better and I 'd think twice before purchasing .
 I live in an old house as well , and have experienced two terrible events of this alarm malfunctioning . The sound is positively ear splitting ! The button on the back did not turn the unit off - I ended up wrapping the thing up in a thick blanket and throwing outside in the trash to get it out of my house . Do not buy this alarm .
 This alarm was in the wall outlet , slightly ajar -LRB- but still on -RRB- , so I gently pushed it back in . Then it started beeping . WHY I ask ? It had power , there was no CO around . So to try to stop it and figure it out -LRB- as it was in the room with someone with sensitive ears -RRB- , I took it out of the wall . Lo and behold it `` features '' a CONSTANT alarm when it loses power . Why must it be constant ??? And maybe it was the high frequency -LRB- human ears are particularly sensitive to 2000-4000 Hz -RRB- but it sounded WAY louder than 85 dB . Easily over 100 . I tossed it in my room , closed the door , and it was loud through the entire house -LRB- and it 's not a small house -RRB- . We plugged it back in and reset it , but MAN I would never purchase something with that idiotic `` feature '' again . I mean what 's it seriously meant to accomplish , damage a 2-year-old 's hearing if he tries to take it out ? If anything it should not have beeped at all when plugged in , and it should have beeped briefly and more spaced out if unplugged .
 I purchased a carbon monoxide alarm from this seller that was listed as new and never used . What I recieved was the opposite of what I was expecting . He sent me a alarm that was manufactured in 2000 . He said had been in his garage that is why the packaging was yellow . I contacted the seller and told him how disgusted I was at what I had been sold for $ 26.00 . He told me that I got what was promised which is a lie . He told me that I was threating him and that I should not leave a review because I was going to get in trouble . Do n't be fooled stay away from this seller . He would not reimburse me . You can not list an item as new if it has been sitting on the shelf for 10 years . You have to tell the buyer that it is 10 years old but never used . He wrote me an essay at why he wouldnt refund the money . The alarm is no good because it has a shelf life of 7 years . Garbage !
 Ok , first is the fact that the anti-tamper switch is a little * too * sensitive - you have to have it plugged in * just right * or the switch will pop out , causing the alarm to go off . Not easy to do in our old house with old outlets that have odd covers that stick out from the walls . In fact , we could n't even use it in most outlets and had to use an extension cord just to get a flush enough outlet for it . Even then , we actually had to duct tape it to the cord 's outlet so that the switch would stay pushed in . After too many hassles with that we finally just disabled the anti-tamper switch . So then it seemed to work fine for about a month or so , but then one morning it started beeping every thirty seconds or so . False alarm , or is there a problem ? It 's difficult to say , as we did n't have a second detector , or really any other way to test for CO , but I did bring it out onto our drafty -LRB- enclosed -RRB- back porch to see if that made a difference . It did n't . The thing kept beeping . So then I brought it * outside * - still kept beeping . The test/reset button also did n't seem to work very well - I 'd hold it down for several long seconds and ... nothing . Maybe this particular unit was just defective , I do n't know . I 'm going to give First Alert a try for my replacement .
 I have owned this unit for about 6 years . I thought my family was safe . Well our furnace had a CO leak . Level of CO detected up to 70 ppm . The detector never went off . It is n't sensitive enough . It will detect levels at 400 ppm in 4 to 15 minutes -LRB- it says this on the back -RRB- . The furnace repairman said to get a detector that could detect levels of 70 to 100 ppm at the minimum . I am buying a new detector .
 This alarm has a `` tamper resist '' feature which makes the alarm sound if the unit is `` unplugged '' -LRB- fortunately , this can be deactivated , though it 's on by default -RRB- . However , this feature is very poorly implemented . There is a button that sticks out on the back of the alarm which is pushed in when the unit is plugged in . However , if the unit is slightly bumped or jostled , this alarm will sound at full blast even if the unit is never actually unplugged ! Earlier today , I was plugging something else in nearby when I grazed the alarm , causing it to go off . My head was only a foot or so from the alarm , and I fear it may have damaged my hearing!There are several obvious ways to fix this problem . First , they could have set the unit to produce a significantly lower-volume -LRB- 10-20 dB -RRB- sound when the unit is `` unplugged . '' Second , they could have set it to electronically detect that it 's not receiving power from the outlet , instead of using the cheap , poorly-functioning button on the back .
 Had this for about a year until this morning , when the alarm went off . I have a second unit from another manufacture that I placed in the same area as the Kidde and it did n't go off . Called Kidde support , and was on hold , their website had a section on what my alarm was and it said exit the house and call the fire department . I did -LRB- to be safe , I have a family -RRB- , and they tested the house and found nothing . Not buying a Kidde again . If anything , only get a detector that has a digital read-out . So if you want a great surprise someday and think that your house has carbon monoxide , font get this !
 I live in an old house and I can not get the alarm to shut off . It was a waste of money . Buy a different product
 I bought these for two old homes . I have to take them all back . The major flaw in the design is that the button in the back must be push ALL THE WAY in when the unit is plugged in or the no power warning alarm will go off CONSTANTLY until it is plugged back in . If you have an old house that has older outlets that do not hold the plug in very TIGHTLY these will not work and the alarm will go off constantly thinking the unit is unplugged . You also have to make sure that the area behind and around the plug is rigid and flat . The unit is quite large . In order to deactivate the alarm you have to tamper with it and mess with the battery -LRB- not easy in the design -RRB- . If you hit it or move it the alarm goes off . Just annoying.This is the LOUDEST alarm I have ever heard . It has to be damaging to hearing . I wonder what happens if you are not at home and the power goes out . Does the alarm sound the entire time until the power comes back on ? I would hate to leave my pets home with an alarm like that going off around them . I decided it was just easier to buy a long life battery operated detector which can last up to ten years . Bad design and a stressful experience .
 I teach woodworking in a private high school and the students get lots of use from our Delta scroll saws . We are always changing blades or removing the blade from the top chuck to make an interior cut and I just bought two new chucks to make things go easier and my old chucks -LRB- which were Quicksets also -RRB- were broken anyway . One of the chucks already came apart and is broken and the second one is nothing but problems . I have never had as much trouble as I am having now . I have actually asked to get a Hegner scroll saw that I know I can depend on . I can not reccommend this item to anyone and feel that they will have a great experience . It seems to be hit or miss with it because I have had better experiences in the past but still not great .
 I purchase the quickset . I was hope to save time when working on my projects . For some reason it will let go of the blade . That is not the bad part . There are two little spring on the blade chuck . When it let go they go flying , good luck finding them . I would think twice before you buy this item.The time you save on working on your project is used up looking for the springs . I wish they would come up with some other design .
 The Dead On glove is the most uncomfortable glove I have ever worn . Maybe I just got a crappy pair but they seem to have been made very poorly . The 3 fingers that are not covered and have the ends open to expose the thumb , index , and middle finger are fine . But the pinky and ringer finger , which are not exposed , have serious problems . When you put your hand in and get a secure fit , it feels like your pinky and ring fingers are pushing against something on the inside of the glove . I turned them inside-out and seen that there was extra material inside on the end of these two fingers making the very uncomfortable . It feels like these two fingers are all `` scrunched '' up when you get them all the way in . I would look for a different product .
 Unfortunately , the grips are 1/16 '' of an inch larger than the published diameter , which makes them useless for the woodworking bench that they were intended for .
 Do n't know what has changed , but I bought these for a workmate that is ~ 15 yrs old . None of these pegs fit in any of the workmate holes ! I 'm going to have to sand them down to use . I ca n't believe that they would make the peg holes bigger on later models ...
 This worktable is not useful . If i can return it , I like to return and get money back . There is no proper instruction how to use it.I had a such hard time assemble it .
 I aquired an older used workmate and find this price for replacement pegs excessive !! . They drive people to throw away still usable gear and just buy new . Lame business practices in todays society that condones just throwing itmes away because it makes more sense to put that money into a new product . No wonder our economy is stuck . . It is geared to people throwing away and buying new .
 Bought a package of 4 Black & Decker swivel grip pegs today . Slightly oversized from previous swivel grips . They do not fit either of my two Workmates -- one is a less than 2 year old Workmate WM-125 , the other is an older Workmate similar to WM-225 . Package and B&W website say fits all B & W Workmate products - not true !
 I bought several of these for my outdoor Christmas lighting . I specically picked them because the product description stated '' ... 125-Volt , 15 Amps , 1875-Watt resistive 125-Volt , ... '' . The timers arrived and are clearly marked `` 8.3 amps , 1000W '' . They are the same manufacturer 's model as listed by Amazon.I understand that most of these type of timers are max 'd at 8.3 amps but , still , an item should match it 's description.I 'll update this review later after I see how they work .
 I should not have wasted my money and time after reading other reviews . Apparently I was sent one of the ones that did not work ! The timer has a very short cord , and did not come on at all , regardless of the various settings I attempted .
 This timer is not a `` set and forget '' device by any stretch . You can set it to turn on at dusk and off at dawn , but it generally only works for one day before resetting itself to stay off permanently , until you set it again . None of the settings you program are saved , you can set it to stay on all of the time and before long it will just shut off and wo n't turn back on without your intervention . I have tried all of the different settings , hoping to stumble upon one that works , but no such luck . It may work properly for a day or two , but it defeats the purpose of having an automatic timer if you have to manually turn it on when you want it on . Might as well just plug and unplug the light . I guess the only pro I found with this item was that it was cheap in price as well as quality , but even getting ripped off a little is still getting ripped off .
 I have two of these that worked fine for one year , then both started timing out prematurely , 5 hours became 4 , then 3 , ... . I 'll look for something NOT MADE IN CHINA .
 Not sure why this is developed to be used outdoors yet malfunctions as soon as it gets wet !! Used in tandem with the flowtron mosquito zapper for a week and then noticed one night after a storm that it was n't working . When I disconnected it , water literally poured out of the casing . What a rip ...
 If you think you are buying a three pack you are sadly mistaken . Just opened the mail to find just one . The only reason I bought from this vender was the other site only had two left at $ 7.95 a piece -RRB- . So three should be around 24 bucks . But instead i received one at three times the price $ 24.95 . Change the picture ...
 No description of the item , as in what saw it fits , whether it was for a right tilt or left tilt saw , contractor 's saw , whatever , was available either on Amazon , or from the actual seller . By the depictions given , it seemed it was a universal fit for all Delta table saws . I unwisely took a chance ordering it , and will be returning it . I was able to get the correct insert with help from DeWalt/Porter Cable .
 I was disappointed when I went to the wood plans and found that all those shown , except one , were discontinued or not stocked . Why show them if you do n't have them?Had to give you 1 star to process , wanted to give you zero .
 I know , I know ... it 's for a direct drive saw , yada yada yada . Well , I make some pretty darn nice cabinetry and furniture with the saw , it just takes some patience and a lot of tuning.As far as the insert , it 's terrible by design .1 . It 's nowhere near flat -LRB- neither is the standard insert -RRB- with measured height diffence of .01 from end to end .2 . The mouth is WAY too big for either a 6 '' or 8 '' dado set ... can you say `` tear out ? '' -LRB- same problem with the standard insert -RRB- 3 . When any significant amount of pressure is placed on the insert , it deflects . -LRB- same problem with the standard insert -RRB- . This makes accurately depthed cuts darn near impossible.It turns out that the rabbet in the tabletop is within a couple of thousandths of 1/8 '' deep ... use the factory insert as a template to route a piece of 1/8 '' lexan to size , then epoxy a chunk of 1/2 '' hardwood or ply to underside and you 've got a zero-clearance insert with no deflection . The wooden stiffener does not have to be precisely cut as it sets below the table top ... just make the right size to clear the opening , and you 'll have to cut reliefs for the two mounting ears -LRB- which I no longer use -RRB- . Use scotch tape to shim the insert to level with the tabletop . I made 5 of these inserts in 1 hour with about $ 15 worth material.Even with the limitations imposed by the trunnions and direct drive system on the saw , you 'll be amazed and the difference a stiff , level zero-clearance insert makes .
 it was advertised as fitting a 10 &#34; table saw ... but not that it only fits 2 models ... one of which is not mine
 Amazon sent me the wrong size insert -LRB- too short -RRB- and it does n't seem worth the trouble to return it . The zero clearance insert that I ordered with it seems to be working fine .
 I recently bought a Delta 36-650 10 inch table saw . After looking on the Delta web site , it listed this Dado Insert -LRB- 34-672 -RRB- as the correct one for this saw . Well , it was wrong . The correct dado insert for the 36-650 saw is the 34-264 -LRB- for 7-8 inch dados -RRB- , there is a seperate part for 10 inch dado blades . So ... I guess I 'll be sending this one back ... : -LRB-
 I purchased these belts becuase they were less expensive than the 3M brand belts . Big mistake . These belts would not track on my Dewalt belt sander . After I scrapped several belts , I thought there was something wrong with my sander . I placed a 3M belt back on the sander and had no problems.Because they would not track , the edges frayed quickly which started to damage the surface I was sanding.One positive note was that the abrasive media seemed to hold up reasonably well for the short time the belts held together .
 When you fork out the big bucks and get your first `` real '' table saw -LRB- in my case a left-tilt x5 Unisaw -RRB- you expect everything to be right . Everything seemed to be in alignment out of the crate and not much fussing was necessary before I was making short work of anything that came through the saw . I 'm a stickler for tuning everything to square , and every time I thought I had achieved it I would find the occasional out of square cut . Finally after many hours of rechecking and test cuts I found the culprit
 My husband bought me a Delta Unisaw 4 years ago . A few months ago , I noticed that the insert was harder and harder to remove . Recently it was stuck so bad that the only way to remove it was to use a screwdriver , which bent it beyond repair . Rather than spend the money for a new one , I will just use my zero clearance inserts . For the cost of this table saw , you would think Delta would have an insert that is more durable than this one . I also have some issues with the saw , but that 's another review .
 The tape measure and the levels all seem to work well , and the body , levels and tape seem to be good quality.But , I , like others , received a unit with badly corroded batteries . I 've cleaned out the old batteries and white corrosion from the battery compartment , and have ordered new MAXELL AG13 LR44 357 button cell batteries . I may either upgrade and downgrade my review after I have the new batteries installed .
 I really wanted to like this . For what I paid , I ca n't complain too much . The magnet fell out straight out of the box . I glued it back , no big deal . Now , after three gentle uses , the tape does n't retract . Garbage , Save your money .
 The tape measure and the levels themselves work good , extended to the full 25 feet and there were no issues with the tape retracting.however , the batteries were installed and severely corroded and leaking , the battery compartment had to be cleaned out.I have not replaced the batteries yet to try the laser as it is an extra expense that should not be needed on a new item that claims to include batteries.The magnet was broken on the bottom , defeats the purpose of having the magnet to hold the device in place.It does have a tripod mount on the bottom that could be used but who really wants to get out a tripod?Three Ag13 or LR44 type batteries are needed .
 This is a cool tape but mine came not working . I took out the batteries to find them leaking and corroded . The magnet has the coating pealing off , most of it is gone . For the price I will get one somewhere else than go through the trouble of returning this one , just my luck I guess ...
 I should have listened to the feed back on this one , I thought it would be great to run the hundreds of router bits I own on my new Delta shaper , but like the feed back I got on this issue said , router tables are for router bits and shaper tables are for shaper bits was right , not to mention delta just could not get this item straight , bits did not only not spin fast enough but they wobbled as well , there is just to much to get right for them to make this work , sorry delta
 I found out by practice that if the router bit chuck is not installed in the keyway of the shaper spindle it will wobble . Reinstall making sure it matches the keyway , tighten down and jog the shaper . I have an older shaper and have used numerous 1/4 '' and 1/2 '' shanks with out any problem .
 I turned about 20 bowls with this tool rest when the 1 '' tool rest post snapped . Cheep steel was used to mass produce this tool . I was really disappointed because the design of the tool works well . My next `` S '' shaped tool rest will be made with a high strength steel . I believe in buy the best and this tool rest is designed to make a profit by looking good on the outside and is cheep on the inside !!!!!
 Rest broke at the junction of the post and the rest the first time I had a catch . Shocking that Delta ca n't make something as simple as this .
 I turn a lot of bowls , and I love the way the French Curve tool rest fits up inside the bowl , so you hollow it out without the scraper catching . But -- keep moving the rest closer to the bottom of the bowl as you go , keep your scraper sharp as possible , and do n't try to remove too much wood too quickly -- because the tool rest can very suddenly snap off the stem .
 This is the keypad that came with our Genie garage door opener and after 3 years , we have to replace it . The cover for the battery will not stay on and always falls down onto the driveway causing the battery to hang by the wires . After entering the code , you must slide the cover back down or you will drain the battery by keeping it open . We have had to replace the battery more times than we should have . I was always afraid that we would come home some time and it would n't work . I would not recommend buying this product because it seems like there are much better options out there .
 Do n't waste your money on this item . From its cheap plastic cover hinges , to its infernal failure to operate the door , time and time again , it is crap . Spend a little more to get a better model .
 Length :
 The unit installs and works well , but it does n't seem to be very durable . The front cover easily becomes disconnected at the hinge during normal operation . The unit worked well for about a year , but it now completely fails to operate the door .
 Received this keypad with my Genie Excelerator garage door opener purchased from Home Depot . Keypad works well but plastic cover is so poorly designed it come off everytime you open it - very frustrating that something so small could be overlooked by Genie . Plastic tabs are desinged so poorly it makes you wonder if Genie put a similar lack of integrity into the opener itself .
 After replacing the battery on our Intellicode keypad , I followed the instructions closely for programming . After a dozen or so tries I gave up . So the keyless pad is useless to me at this point . I think I will hardwire one to avoid fiddling around with this junk .
 Worked fine when I had it installed in the summer . Tried to reset my pin a few months later and it would n't work . Could n't reprogram , reset , or use my original PIN . Very unhappy with the item .
 This was easy to setup and program with my existing Genie opener . The lighted buttons make it easy to see at night . I would have give this 5 stars except for one problem . The door seems to fall off sometimes . Sometimes when lifting the door , it comes off in your hand . Other times , it wo n't close because it 's binding on the hinge . It needs to be reseated and then it will close .20 FEB2013 UPDATE
 I purchased 2 of these levels several years ago as gifts for family members , thining they were high quality tools . I purchased a 3rd for myself -LRB- about a year later -RRB- for use in a remodeling project but did not use it for many months . I did not check the accuracy of the level until several of the door frames I built looked skewed . To my dismay , the level was not even close to true . The big box store refused to take it back -LRB- understandably , due to the age of the purchase -RRB- so I contacted Johnson Level directly and arranged a warranty replacement . They shipped me new vials even though they are not user replaceable -LRB- they are glued in place -RRB- . A second call ensured a new level would be sent . The new level came with the notes taken by the customer care manager . The note asked that I be shipped a TESTED AND CERTIFIED ACCURATE level . The NEW level is worse than the unit it was meant to replace . Neither face of the level comes close to passing the `` end-to-end '' test . I have since checked both of the levels I purchased as gifts for family members and they are just as bad.What can I say ... Nice people , horrible quality control and a product that is useless as a level even for the most crude jobs .
 I bought a brand new Johnson 748 EcoTech ? Laminated Hardwood Brass Bound Level today . If you look at Johnson 's web site you 'll see they tout this model as `` Less likely to warp due to our high-tech , laminating process . '' Well , guess what folks , mine was warped right out of the box ! Is n't that special ? I called Johnson -LRB- because it 's supposed to have a LIFETIME WARRANTY -RRB- and was told I 'd have to ship it to them -LRB- at my expense -RRB- so they could take a look at it . If they found it to be defective , they would repair or replace it and ship it back to me . What 's wrong with this picture ? Why should I have to pay to ship them back a DEFECTIVE product ? BUYER BEWARE ! If you really want a Johnson 748 , but it from a place where you can visually inspect it FIRST !
 After just four months , the handles started cracking . We did n't notice it right away and my daughter cut her finger . Did n't need stitches but it was a deep and long cut . I then inspected the other handles and see that one other one had a visible crack and you can feel the edge raising a bit . Unlike most of the other handles in the faucets at my house , these do n't look like they screw on . I 'll have to shut off the water and pull the fixture out . I tried finding the company online , and they have been sold recently and all I can find is an address and phone number . I 'll call them , but from other reviews I 've found on the Web it seems likely I 'll be on the phone a long time . I do n't know that it is worth it . Better to just write it off and never buy from the company again .
 I had to return this prduct because the stem is not long enough to be held by the 12 '' Delta wood lathe at a proper height.The banjo needs to be able to safely grasp the stem of the tool rest to hold the top at the centerline of the spindle . This tool rest is incapable of that . It would need to be about 1 '' longer .
 There 's nothing wrong with the tool rest , as far as I can tell , but the stem is n't long enough for the Model 1440 Delta model lathe that I have . The wierd part is that I bought the lathe from Amazon a couple years ago , and about two weeks ago they showed me this tool rest and said that since I had bought the 1440 , I might like to buy this tool rest . As it happens , I did want a short tool rest so I ordered it . Well , it does n't fit the 1440 because the stem places your tool too low .
 The description says this rest is 6 1/2 &#34; tall . It is only 4 1/2 &#34; . I ca n't use one this short .
 I recently purchased this staple gun for fastening screening in my greenhouse . Using the recommended T-50 Arrow staples , the gun would drive a few staples -LRB- about 2-3 -RRB- and then jam . The constant jamming made the staple gun unusable.However , when I called Amazon about this , they initiated a replacement and return label for the old one . I would like to thank AMAZON for the courteous and easy replacement -- no hassles .
 The tubing that comes with this fountain does n't match the pump provided , nor is it long enough to stretch from the pump to the top of the fountain pot . Fortunately , a good friend took the tubing and pump to the local hardware store . He bought longer tubing of the correct size and also clamps to hold the connections in place . Now it runs just fine . Not something you just plug-and-run , sorry to say . But once you have it up and running , it works fine . You can change the type of `` burble '' noise it produces with rock placed in the splash tank . -LRB- Now I have to figure out what plants to put in the pot itself . -RRB-
 I wanted the drive spur that is shown in the photo . I wanted long , sharp spurs and long center pin . That 's what is shown . The spur I received has short , nearly blunt spurs and a center pin that no longer than the spurs . As far as I 'm concerned , it is useless . But , it arrived in a package with the same item number as shown , so I received the correct item . It just was n't what is shown in the photo.It 's to much hassle to send it back . I urge Amazon to put an accurate photo of the product on-line .
 Carbon steel for lathe tools have be mostly replaced by high speed steel . Carbon steel needs to much more frequently sharpened . Sharpening carbon steel on a high speed -LRB- greater than about 400 rpm -RRB- grinder is very tricky . Is is very easy to overheat the carbon steel and ruin its hardness . Amazon.com should consider adding high speed steel turning tools to it 's tool selection .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- There was the option of getting these tools , or getting the bed extension . After reading these reviews , I chose to believe the optimistic review . Wrong choice . I wish I had chosen the bed extension.The tools are not HSS steel . They do not blue as fast as carbon steel , but they are not quality HSS steel either . I purchased a Sorby bowl gouge & scraper , and the quality of the steel in the Sorbies is far beyond that of these Delta tools . What do I mean by quality ? The HSS in the Sorbies will not blue , it holds an edge much better , and the edge is sharper . This adds up to a much more enjoyable turning experience . I have not purchased Crown tools , but my guess is that they would probably also be far superior to the Delta tools as well.Bottom Line
 If you need to break concrete , form steel , or just convince something to be in it 's place , this is a great hammer . Hey , Amazon refuses to let me leave a five star original review , so , here 's a stupid one , review removed 10 times , stupid moderators = trolls
 I found the product unusable the threads were totally messed upAnd was unable to screw it on the lathe I sent it back for anExchange and the 2ND one was the same way must have been aBad batch from china where it was made .
 I went against my own rule and bought the economy version of a tool . I thought `` what could be wrong with a live center ? '' . Plenty . Initially , the bearing did n't turn at all . I ended up spraying some lube in the bearing -LRB- which is n't good for the bearing but it was the only way I could get it to turn -RRB- . Now I just noticed that the point is GONE . The point/bearing housing is made out of some cheap cast pot metal and it obviously overheated when the bearing was n't turning and just disappeared . So now it 's virtually useless . Go for the more expensive live center .
 This is a poor choice at a high price for a serious wood turner . Only 4 mounting holes make mounting large pieces risky . Oneway has a better built 6 '' RH/LH thread faceplate with 24 screwholes for about $ 3 less . It 's true that there are n't many choices for dual thread faceplates , but this one wo n't serve you very well .
 I bought this 120 volt welder for my son 3 years ago . It performed well an average of 20 times a week welding light materials in a motorcycle customizing shop . After 2 years the torch head began having problems and performance declined . It became unusable recently and I tried to get replacement parts . Clarke is out of business now and some parts , including the torch assembly we need , are not to be found . My son had to get a new comparable welder -LRB- Lincoln -RRB- and is quite happy .
 I 've had this model for a few years now and use it for odd things around the house and a few honey do project . It works well for what it is . The real knock I have with this product is that the company , when it was open for business , was pretty hard to get parts from . Unlike the other brands , Clarke does everything a little bit different , so you ca n't get replacement parts , or find local shops for repairs . Now that they 're out of business , the next thing that breaks will sending me shopping for another unit .
 I 've managed to break two of these things -- the head snaps off the stem , during a normal turning operation , if you put too much weight on the ends . It pays to keep your chisels very sharp and do n't try to take too much off at once . I also broke one of their french-curve toolrests the same way the other day . They are indispensable for bowl-turning , so I ordered another one .
 Inadequate for my application . tool rest post -LRB- should be 1 '' -RRB- would not fit my tool rest holder , which has a 1 '' hole . I reduced the size of the shaft and then found the shaft is to short for proper use on my lathe . I did not return for refund because I altered the shaft diameter to fit my 1 '' tool rest holder .
 i NEED A 5/8 INCH TOOLE REST . THIS ITEM MAY MMET MY NEEDS IF THE SHANK IS THE CORRECT SIZE.THE ITME DESCRIPTION DOES NOT STATE THE SIZE .
 Several of the bits in the set I received are warped or bent , such that the point oscillates visibly as the bit rotates in a stable chuck . They do make holes , but are useless for precise work because they tend to drill oversize and it 's difficult to control the exact location of the hole .
 This multimeter has many good functions , but it is poorly made . Do n't expect to put it in a drawer for 2 months and be able to use it
 The product is very light and seems cheaply made . It also has some faint scratches on the lcd screen that one can only see looking at an angle . The very short manual has more English error than I care to count . Clearly they even cut short on costs in something as simple and basic as the language review of the very short instructional piece of paper . To make things worse the capacitance measuring functionality is way off the mark -LRB- more 20 % off the right measurement -LSB- obtained by comparison with reliable multimeters -RSB- -RRB- . The very basic functionality such as Voltage -LRB- AC and DC -RRB- , etc looks ok at first , but I can not comment on other functionalities -LRB- diodes , NPN , etc -RRB- , since I did not test them . It is cheap , but it is not reliable at all in its most important functions -LRB- reasons for what one would such type of multimeter to begin with -RRB- ; so it is worthless and error inducing when used to measure things such as capacitance ; so invest a little bit more -LRB- $ 10 more -RRB- and buy a decent , reliable , and more well made unit .
 Well , this thing is not that much reliable due to either loose connectors or generally malfunctioning device to rely on when needed . In other words this type of multimeter would sometimes read voltage parameters and in most cases it would n't and when it happens than you need to start playing with its connectors in order to make it working which as the outcome is definitely not a good product by any stretch of imagination . My final review words are that ' I would rather like to send it back for a full refund ' . V/R , Z
 Battery was DOA and it 's cheap . Capacitance and hFE require removing the component to be tested and plugging the component directly into the front panel.Get theEquus 3320 Auto-Ranging Digital Multimeter ; it 's much better .
 I bought 3 of these kits
 Really expensive for just a flat piece of metal with some holes . Also it 's not sturdy enough in my opinion . If I had to do it over I 'd just go buy a heavier piece of flat steel and drill it as needed . It would cost just a fraction of this price and work better .
 I ordered this item for a custom concrete sink I had fabricated with exposed plumbing -- based on the item displayed , you would think that the grid is all polished chrome -LRB- it 's not -RRB- and this grid shows an overflow although the description states `` no overflow '' . This misinformation cost me considerable time and money as my plumber had to be rescheduled and the appropriate part had to be rushed by a different plumbing supply . I do n't trust Amazon now and do n't plan to purchase through them again . Do n't expect them to stand behind the product or purchase .
 The description says
 The material of this spice shelf is really really flimsy and made of real cheap plastic . I put several small spice bottles on the top level of the shelf and the whole shelf sank . You need to put something underneath to support it so it will not go down from the weight of your spices . Or you need to nail this spice shelf on a cabinet in a way it supports your spices ' weight . In addition , the plastic is cut very roughly as if someone just saw it to ship it . It should worth 50 cent .
 I recently purchased a Delta 36-680 table saw with the recommended 50-354 dust collection system for the bottom of the saw . Well come to find out it did not come close to fiiting , because it was not designed for this saw -- it was designed for an older model . I learned this info . from a service center and a tech . at Delta . Apparently they had several hundred of the 50-354 left over , and chose to continue saying that it was an appropriate accessory in the catalog . Please be advised it 's not wide enough -LRB- plastic part and the metal brackets holes do not match up.I bought Delta because of reputataion . Now I 'm wondering , and am hoping the saw is better than the accessories . By the way , neither the tech . guy or the guy at the service ctr . we 're surprised.They heard it was an economic decision from higher up .
 Bought this attachment for my Delta contractors saw and was disappointed . It is farely easy to install but once it is in place it leaves a crack about one half inch wide along each side running from the front to back . There are two heavy steel spacers that go on each side to fill in the void but they are not wide enough for some reason and the crack is just wide enough for saw dust to fall through to the floor . This crack serves no purpose that I can think of and I plan to cover it with duct tape or something to see if it will solve the problem .
 Even with today 's inflated prices this thing is no where near worth close to $ 40 . Please ! it 's a $ 10 piece of garbage item at most . I 'd equate it to that plastic dust collection trash can cover that does n't work .
 We received the shipment promptly but upon trying to install it , discovered that one side 's hardware had not been machined properly and was useless . We returned the defective unit for a credit and purchased a Bemis seat from a local store . It was disappointing to see that the paint finish was blemished in multiple places . I know , its just a toilet seat , but hey if they ca n't make toilet seats right these days , we 're in big trouble .
 I ordered this to be fully functional with a standard base 3-way bulb in a 3-way mogul socket , but does not function as a 3-way socket , just as a regular on-off function . This should be noted in the description so others will not be fooled as I was . I am still looking for a functional 3-way socket to adapt a standard size bulb to a mogul socket .
 Do n't bother . Medium base bulb screws in no problem , but the adapter wo n't screw into a mogul base socket . It gets about 1/2 turn in , then binds up .
 Not a 3 way . This is an Amazon problem of incomplete description of their several of these . They should state clearly 2 way or 3 way . Actually I think in spite of selling several all of them are 2 way . Very careful and time consuming work with a 1/8 &#34; masonry drill a piece of # 12 wire and super glue will modify it into a 3 way -LRB- who cares about UL rating -RRB- . But , most customers wo n't do this .
 this is not a dust hood its a cover plate with a opening should have known better since their is no picture . . but if you type in dust hood this come up with the rest ... wanted to use this for my miter saw this is really good for nothing its not deep enough to get a good vacuum effect but if you have a table saw that fits this dimension then you got a winner ...
 I expected a dust connector from Delta , designed for Delta 6 '' joiners would `` bolt up '' to a Delta 6 '' Joiner . That 's not the case . Other than duct tape , I 'm not sure how to install this item on the joiner .
 A disappointment from Delta.The jaws have no holding power . There are no teath on them of any substance , so objects are prone to movement . I expected something better than a cheap chinese import from Delta and was sorely disappointed . I have to blame myself for being a novice and not doing enough research , instead I relied on Delta 's reputation and in this instance was disappointed . I would return it if I had n't used it in my learning curve ...
 I install high end kitchens for a living . A pin nailer is a necessity for me , but I am still waiting for a good one to come out . I would pay triple the cost of this thing if they would come out with one that does n't jam or misfire all the time.Picture this , you 're holding that crown moulding you just painstakingly cut to perfection and set in place ... you hold it with one hand , apply your glue , grab the pinner and while holding both pieces together with one hand you gently ease the pinner to the perfect spot ... squeeze slowly and pop . Pull the pinner back , let go and the pieces fall apart . Because the most frustrating tool in your box misfired AGAIN . I swear ... I 'd trade my new truck for a pinner that worked well.But , like I said ... ca n't live without one .
 Jams constantly . I have had this nailer for a year and a half and have only gotten it to fire about 10 nails . Dont buy one . It is complete junk !!!!!!!! I threw mine against the wall today .
 I owned 4 of these tools in the past for my cabinet shop . Over the past 4 years I have spent over $ 800.00 in maintenance . The biggest problem is that the driver blade breaks all the time . Since then I have purchased a GREX P635 and P630 and they work great . Over the past year they have only broken 1 driver blade that cost me $ 13.00 . I now own 8 total and I do n't have any problems . Stay away from the Finishpro 10 I strongly discourage it .
 The Idea of a micropinner is awesome . You can shoot 10 1 3/8 '' pins into a pencil and the pencil will not crack . The holding power is also very good because the pins have glue . The best thing about them is that you do n't have to fill in the holes and you still do n't see the pins . However , if you want to buy one I would stay far away from the SENCO . It is a cheap tool all around . The magazine jams , pins do n't go all the way in , and you have to adjust the tool every time you use a different pin . I personally would suggest puchasing a GREX micropinner from E-Bay for the best price . If you are uncomfortable with the internet then contact GREX .
 This is the 2nd . one of these I , ve had in 2 years , only because the Co. sent me a new one after my 1st . gave it up in less than a year . I 'm a professional woodworker who depends on his tools and once again this one has let me down . I mabey at the most use this pinner once or twice a week and it lasted a year almost to the day . I 'm very disapointed and will not be buying any more of this brand of tools .
 I own lots of pneumatic tools and have had two Senco finish guns that ran like champs . Though this pin nailer has been treated well and oiled often it jams frequently . I 've had this thing apart way too often on job sites trying to clear jams and often resort to using my brad nailer instead . Also , its lack of a safety means this gun will fire when the trigger is pressed even if the nose is not in contact with a work surface . -LRB- Of course , this assumes that it is a working gun , which mine often is not -RRB- I 'm very disappointed with this product .
 A micro pinner that ca n't sink its nails is useless ! Crank up the air and it still leaves the pins proud of the surface of what you are nailing.Senco should hand their heads in shame over this one . Buy the Porter Cable .
 I thought these would be OK for drilling wood . I do n't drill metal often . Boy was I wrong . These are among the lowest quality drill bits I 've had the displeasure of working with.Even the cheap but `` name brand '' sets are far better.stay away !
 Very disappointed ... bits are not sharp and refuse to cut into steel . Good thing there a many of them as they are needed to replace others that have gone dull after very few turns ... Definately not worth the money !!
 I doubt that these pieces of crap would drill warmed butter . I plan to wrap these as a Christmas present for someone I do not like . I fully intended to return these but realized my time had expired for a return .
 Are you joking ? `` Cobalt coated titanium `` Titanium is HARDER than cobalt , why would you coat titanium with a rockwell hardness of 75 with cobalt that is only 65 ? I am sure these are junk without even buying them .
 this advertisement is a missleading ad there is no such thing as a coalt enhanced tin for hss drill sets . Its either hss or cobalt not both tin coated , THIS SET IS NOT COBALT its hass coated.TIN stands for titanium nitride coating.ive been in tool sales for 20 years this is my oppinion .
 Disclaimer
 I had my set for couple weeks now and I have already broken a bit . The material is very brital . While drilling steel the bit broken in half . I also discover that the tip surface is not exactly even/symmetrical which results in your work piece wobbling on initial contact . Once the bit digs into the work piece the wobbling stops . I compare this wobbling affect with a USA made bit and there were zero wobble with the USA bit . These bits are sharp and will go through steel like butter . Overall I am not happy with the purchase . I would return it if I had n't broken a bit . It was a waste of $ 60 .
 I really wish I had paid more attention . `` Cobalt coating '' is a non-existent foolishness , but all I saw was the `` cobalt '' part . It 's not clear what these drills are made of , but it ai n't a cobalt steel alloy.Almsot all the number drills are sized wrong , and the several smallest are all the same incorrect diameter . Not serious tools.Beware . Only the index box is worth having , but it 's a pretty expensive box at 60 bucks .
 100 % china junk if it 's true that you get what you pay for than i got robbed ! if you want a good bit set at a low price go to northern tool and equipment
 I truly appreciate the comments on this drill set . I 've decided not to order the 115 pc . set . I must question my judgement for having considered this set . The value of any coating is lost immediately when the bit is sharpened and a such seem ill-suited for anything but casual , homeowner use . Quality control seems to be lacking as drills are out-of-round , the drill point angle is uneven , etc. . The drill point angle can be corrected but there goes any perceived advantage of a coating . Never mind drill point angle and coatings ... an out-of-round drill bit is worse than no bit . In closing , two things come to mind . # 1 is , `` you get what you pay for '' . # 2 is , `` if it sounds too good to be true , it probably is '' . Thanks to the reviewers .
 This might be good clamps but after waiting over 2 months I gave up on them . If they backorder these on you do n't wait just go buy something else .
 Poorly manufactured . The handle will not turn easily and every turn you will feel a bump . Overall the poor quality will remind you what you have paid . Do n't get it if you are going to use them for years . If you are planning to make only one or two wood projects , it might serve the purpose .
 There are numerous inexpensive aluminum u-channel bar clamps out there and I figured they were all inexpensive . These are downright CHEAP and I 'm not talking about the price only . They twist while clamping and and the screw is so rough it 's hard to turn . Lube does n't really help.Don ' t purchase these clamps !
 Bought these as a birthday gift and was not impressed . Only three clamps in the box and the mechanism was very jerky . I realise that these are low-end clamps , but i would never purchase them again .
 Purchased -LRB- 2 -RRB- of these impact drivers for metal roofing and siding , metal studs and some drywall on projects in Alaska . Both impact guns needed replacement -LRB- gearing stripped in one , nosepiece cracked on other exposing gears -RRB- within first three weeks , one replacement lasted only one month -LRB- gears whined like original and then quit -RRB- . I also had a 12V Makita that still runs great -LRB- didnt even have the new NiMH batteries -RRB- after -LRB- 3 -RRB- of the -LRB- 4 -RRB- Milwaukees broke down in IDENTICAL applications . Makita now makes a 14.4 V -LRB- NiMH -RRB- impact driver which is the one I would suggest hands down .
 I have this 14.4 V Impact as well as the DeWalt 12V unit . By far , the DeWalt 12V has more torque and speed than this tool . I think , after looking at the comparisons , the DeWAlt 12V has 1000 in/lbs of torque , compared to 740 in/lbs in a 14.4 V. Plus , the higher speed in the DeWalt allows it to do more in the drilling area.Milwaukee overall is a so-so tool , but DeWalt is much better
 THIS STUFF IS NOT SAFE CHEMICALS . It will eat through standard vinyl gloves in no time and is also a skin irritant and should be washed off immediately if it gets on exposed skin . Before getting started with the project , MAKE SURE YOU 'RE WEARING HIGH QUALITY CHEMICAL-RESISTANT GLOVES AND CHEMICAL SPLASH GOGGLES . Shake the product well , and pour into a metal container . You will use a paint brush to apply the gel . Allow at least 30 minutes for Citristrip paint and varnish thinner to work.The bottle says `` pleasant citrus scent '' . Though the smell is n't as bad as other strippers I 've used , it still very harsh and strong . I recommend a wearing mask because the back of my throat was burning a bit . The gel 's smell will dissipate , but it will take days.The bottle also says `` is biodegradable '' , but further later says `` Dispose of in accordance with local , state and federal regulations . '' IT MUST BE DISPOSED OF LIKE ANY CHEMICAL STRIPPER . Note
 I was taking a chance . I had been using another non-toxic product with the word `` Soy '' in the title -LRB- not sure I can say the entire product name in this review ! -RRB- and it was n't working as easily as the other reviewers had claimed so I was getting discouraged.I am refinishing old wooden windows and cabinets in my 85 yr old bungalow 's country kitchen and this other product was WORKING but not fast enough for me . While other reviewers were doing 1 and 2 coats , I was doing 4 , 5 ... and it STILL was n't bare wood ! I had begin to think that the wood beneath everything was actually stained from the paint and that it would never come off.I ran out of this other stuff and I can only buy it online so while I was waiting for it , I tried Citristrip . I had one cabinet door sitting with this other product on it and one with Citristrip . They were both prepared at the same time . I went back down a couple of hours later and this other product was bubbled up like crazy and Citristrip ... practically nothing . A few small areas of bubbling , but when I tested it , it only took off a top later.The moral of this story is that I was able to scrap this other product 's handiwork and reapply and scrape AGAIN in the time that I could even give the Citristrip one good scraping . I washed the door well and waited until this other product arrived to finish the job.Citristrip will be left on the shelf in the basement when we move in 3 months .
 I bought this because I read so much good stuff about this for removing the terrible orange color of SX bass guitar necks . Well , either the SX-factory changed their lacquer or Citristrip changed their product because nothing happend to the finish of the bass neck . Completely nothing ! Even after 23 hours , of which two and a half with the neck wrapped in foil . In the end I had to remove the lacquer with a scraper and had to sand it all . I ca n't be certain that it 's the Citristrip that 's not working , but for me it was not the succes I hoped for.Tools & Home Improvement did their best though ! The product was sent very quickly to the Netherlands -LRB- Europe -RRB- and very well packed . Cudo 's !
 The reviewer who described the smell as orange and perm cream mixed together nailed it right on the head . I am trying to strip a 50 + year old bookcase with at least two layers of lead paint in various colors . I put the first coat on last night and waited about 20-22 hours before attempting to scrape . It is not going well . I scraped as much as I could but had to put on another thicker coat and we 'll see what the results are tomorrow . I am seriously considering trying SoyGel if only to get something that is not so smelly and toxic .
 I used this product outside in the summer with temperatures in the 90s and it dried onto my wooden benches almost immediately . I was not in direct sunlight . I waited for the telltale `` bubbling '' that had been described to me , but this never happened . In fact , nothing happened . I now know that this was because it dried in seconds due to the hot weather , and this product only works when it is wet . However , the directions are not clear about this . You do not want this to dry on at any point in the stripping process or you will be left with a mess like the one that follows ... After about 20 minutes I tried to scape off a bit and found that it had not touched the 1 measly layer of paint I was trying to remove . Determined to start over and apply a thicker layer , I attempted to remove the dried Citristrip . The Citristrip , however , now seemed to be taking notes from the paint and would not come off . After a painful hour of scraping off dried flakes -LRB- of Citristrip , not paint -RRB- , washing with hot water , wiping and re-wiping and cursing the person who recommended this product to me , I was left with a bench that still bore a chalky white layer of Citristrip , albeit a bit thinner than when I started . Now even though this is more of a `` green '' paint stripper , it 's still icky and you do not want to breathe it in or be left with residue on your furniture . Not wanting to call the entire project a failure , I applied another layer of Citristrip to a small section on the side of one bench . I applied it as thickly as I could possibly get it to go on without dripping off . I waited until it started to dry out and scrapped . Nothing . I nearly broke my plastic scraper attempting to get some paint off . In the end , a crumb of paint parted from the now-gouged wood . But not enough to save me the trouble of sanding ... I know from other reviews that this stuff can work very well , but the directions and warnings are seriously lacking . You should NOT use this in very hot weather or in any condition that will dry it out quickly -LRB- like direct sunlight -RRB- unless you know of a way to keep the product wet long enough to work . There need to be clearer instructions on removing this stuff , using it in warm or windy conditions , keeping it moist , etc. . It literally dried in seconds to my bench and took me hours to remove . I washed , wiped and eventually had to sand it all off -LRB- and there were still crevices where I could never actually remove it all -RRB- . While I do n't doubt that this would work well in damp , dark and cool conditions , for me this was a colossal mistake and an unbelievable waste of time.And did I mention that bees love this stuff ? Just open the bottle outside in the summer and you will be surrounded .
 Does not work on concrete , despite repeated , thorough , applications that are left overnight . Leaves an orange stain on concrete that can only be lifted with a scrub brush and hot water and lots of elbow grease . Essentially
 After reading all the reviews , I expected the product 's performance to be better . I used it to strip 3 layers off kitchen cabinets . I had to reapply the product THREE times ! If you have a week to spare , you might not find this problematic . If you want to get the job done most efficiently , use a regular stripper . I chose to use it because I was working in an area with minimal ventilation . If I could have had access to more ventilation , I would recommend more effective stripper.Pros
 As far as I 'm concerned , the search for a near drinkable , good smelling stripper has achieved so-so results at best . I 'm removing one coat of latex painting and one coat of oil paint from my deck . I put on a thick coat of Citri-Strip and allowed it to stay on overnight . I then scraped and pressure washed - some of the first layer and a little of the second -LRB- in a few areas -RRB- came off . Hmmm ... not so hot to say the least and A LOT of Citri-Strip ! I then tried a coat of Strip-Ease . Thirty minutes later I lightly scraped , then pressure washed and guess what - I was down to bare wood on most of the deck . Another light coat of Strip-Ease , pressure washed and it was perfect ! I 'm the environmentally conscious type but with some jobs there 's a reason a product has been around forever ! Of course , one could make this a month long project .
 I have an old solid wood bookcase that was given to me . . It is bright yellow , not sure what is underneath . I purchased Citristrip and gave it a good coat , waited a couple of hours -LRB- directions say 30 min-24 hrs -RRB- and started scraping and scraping for about 2 hours and only part of the yellow came off -LRB- first layer -RRB- , under that is green and I do not know what kind of paint it is , and under that appears to be stained.So now I am still trying to just get the first coat off . This product does not take off several layers as they advertise and is very difficult to scrape off . Not happy with this product at all .
 I 've striped wood finishes before with OTHER products and had no problems other than the fumes are strong . Citri-Strip smells fine but takes repeated applications letting it sit for 15 hours at a pop to get it to loosen the poly finish I 'm trying to strip . In the future I 'll wait until the spring/summer for my stripping projects and get a decent product .
 I used an entire quart of Citristrip on a front door which was painted with standard Dunn Williams exterior paint . It only stripped parts of the door into patches and in other spots it would n't strip the paint at all . I applied Citri with a paintbrush and left it on for 7-24 hours as the directions indicated . I scraped off the first coat and tried a second coat then left it on for awhile and came back hours later and it did n't work either . Save your money this stuff is garbage not to mention it dries into a dusty chemical residue that blows in the air doing who knows what to your lungs if you 're not wearing a particle half mask .
 Citristrip Gel - Smells good , easy to apply , sure does loosen the paint up . But be forewarned
 I bought this stripper to remove varnish from my kitchen cabinets . I left it over night and in the morning the scraped and scrubbed the residue , but the varnish would not come off . I wasted $ 20 for a 1/2 gallon ... I would not recommend it .
 I bought an old vanity which has what looks to me to be latex paint , which they tried in places to give that weathered look by sanding it here and there . Where it was sanded , it would peel off easily . So I thought , put a paint stripper on , and it will just peel off.So I painted on globs of this Citristip with a paintbrush , and covered everything pretty thick , inside and out.I was expecting to come back in 30 minutes , and it would peel off in sheets . This did not happen.After 30 minutes , the only part that it appeared to be working on was what turned out to be veneer . And that not very well . So I waited . Checked back in 1 hour . 1 1/2 hours . 2 hours , I saw no change but start scraping with my plastic scraper . It came off part of the veneer , but nothing else . Okay , the instructions say to use a paint stripper scrubber , if the scraper was n't cutting it -LRB- should have been my first clue that this was n't going to work , but I thought , oh no , that wo n't happen to me -RRB- . I glob some stipper on the scrubber , per the instructions , and go to work . Some places it worked very slightly , but it was the scrubbing , not the stripper , doing the work . If it did work , it came off in tiny particles , which was not what I wanted for the price of this stuff . I also did n't want to have to put in 400 lbs of elbow grease , for the results I got . You can see in the photos the results . If any part of this vanity still has paint on it , it 's not for lack of Citristrip , nor for lack of scraping , then scrubbing.The gel is supposed to stay wet for 24 hours , so that you can wait that long before scraping . After 12 hours , this was completely dry , even though you can still see the orange in places.This stuff is worthless , and I would n't recommend . Plus it stinks . Like baby aspirin only 1000 times more sicky-sweet . PHEW .
 I used this and two other products ... the winner ? Behr concrete paint stripper No 992 . Do not waste your time with Citri-Strip or the other similar one on Amazon ... Behr , KICKED IT 'S A$ $ with one treatment . I am STILL applying more coats of the other crap to do the same job . Amazingly inept !
 Some of the bits appear to be ok . Un fortunately when I first opened the wood case one of the wood mounts had broken free and a bunch of bits were rattling around in the box . That is bad for the sharp edges . The 1/4 '' bit broke after about an hours use . Not to good . Spend a little more and get a good set if you plan on using it much .
 I purchased this set a couple of months ago . I have used two of the bits so far and ruined two projects . As reported in other reviews I had the shank on the 1/4 inch straight bit snap off . I was routing in 3/4 '' pine plywood . I was not overloading the bit . Next I used one of the round over bits . About half way through the project the bearing came off and ruined the project.This is a very light weight set and suitable for very light use . If you buy it take all the bearings off and use lock tight before re-installing . At the very least tighten the cap screw holding the bearings . I found several less than hand tight . I would not purchase this set . Pay a little more and get something that will last and not ruin your work.Since writing this review I have continued having poor experiences with this set . I have had other shanks break on light to medium use . I consider this set cheap Chinese junk . Go elsewhere and get a serviceable product .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 We bought this about three years ago and it is already breaking down . Valve is going bad and tub divertor clogged up real fast and could n't be removed from pipe without a hack saw . Danze really makes crappy products .
 The drill bits are , by far , the worst i 've ever purchased . At a close glance , they appear to be are poorly machined , and the grade of metal used is too soft for basic drilling applications . The drill bits can easily bend under the slightest pressure , and they have a tendency to randomly wonder around their intended target even on soft materials.Maybe I 'm being picky but , I purchased some cheap Ryobe drill bits for six bucks at Home Depot . As I drove home , I marveled as to how something so cheap could be of any use ... Wait , I do n't even like Ryobe power tools doh !! When I tested them my jaw dropped . They made a super-clean cut without traveling off target or bending out of shape ... Wow -- six bucks !! I feel terrible for writing this article , but the truth must be told . I believe that Yukon Tools will eventually improve their producs and wish them the best of luck .
 I was moderately satisfied when I first got these - kind of cheaply packaged , but I managed to modify the case so it worked , so I figured I had a set of good , super-hard , super-sharp bits for whenever I needed them.Well , I do n't know what kind of steel a garden hoe is made out of , but it 's more that these things can handle . I was pushing hard , changing the angle , tryng slower , trying faster , but all these things did was mostly squeal . At that point I was about convinced that I must have some kind of titanium hoe on my hands ! Out of curiosity , I then put in one of my old steel bits -LRB- just ordinary hss bits - craftsman or something -RRB- and the metal started curling up the way it 's supposed to . I had a hole in no time.There ought to be a law against making the claims made about these bits when they perform as they do.On the bright side , I wo n't have to worry about losing them ...
 I bought 3 of these sets for a employee reward program . All three storage cases were defective .
 I ordered what I thought was a pocket knife and received a handyman multi-tool . There was no picture available on the purchase memory screen.Unhappy in INDIANA !!
 I do tile and stone work for a living . This is the mostgosh-awful thing I 've ever had the displeasure to work with.First , let me say two good things about the saw . . it 's -LRB- 1 -RRB- light and -LRB- 2 -RRB- easy to clean up ; making it great forindoor work where you can keep this saw right by youas your doing tile work . The tray holds very littlewater -LRB- specifically you can fill it with about 3/4of a spackle bucket ... . so you do n't have to go througha whole big routine to empty the saw -LRB- i.e. dumpingseveral buckets of waste water outside -RRB- -RRB- . First , we at work nicknamed this saw `` the screamer . `` Albeit , the saw was modestly quiet when I firstbought it ... but the bearings rapidly deterioratedabout 5 times faster than my 6 other wet saws !!! I have to wear headphones . If it was any louder , I 'd probably go deaf . I 'm redoing the bearings , but I do n't expect it to last . Junk saw.Second , although there is very little `` play '' -LSB- lateral movement -RRB- in the tray -LRB- a plus -RRB- , if thissaw vibrated any more ... I 'd reconfigure it asa jackhammer !!! I ca n't even keep a tile heldin one place unless I apply about 20 poundsof pressure on the tile to keep it from shiftingas I 'm cutting.Target , QEP , SawMaster , Felker ... , even MK ... anything but this horrible contraption.Porter Cable has a good reputation . I 've had -LRB- errr . . my father , has had -RRB- Porter Cable drillsthat still function and probably were made beforeI was born ... Good stuff ... . but this is clearevidence that just because a company makesgood drills ... do n't mean they know diddlyabout making tile saws .
 I needed a tile saw and went with the Porter Cable brand as I have had very good luck with their other tools . This tile saw , however , was very dissapointing.It is very loud
 Overall very dissapointed with the saw . My wife bought this saw for me . I was able to complete one bathroom tile job with it -LRB- 40 sq ft -RRB- but the saw broke as I started on my second bathroom . Now the saw makes a horrific noise when started ; seems the gears stripped themselves . The saw is very loud and the miter table does not slide smoothly , causing erratic cuts . Before it broke , it did cut tiles ok . I would buy another saw if I could and I am currently trying to send the Porter Cable back to Amazon .
 I had a $ 48 QEP saw before this wildly overpriced Porter Cable -LSB- one -RSB- and the $ 48 saw cut tiles more efficiently and accurately than this garbage . The bearings on my ... PC saw stripped within 6 months and I was told by my PC dealer it had to be caused by improper use , not faulty bearings . ... I will never buy a PC product again . Lousy saw and even worse customer service support . Buy it if you have to have lousy durability with a Proter Cable tag glued on it .
 The Honda powered Mantis worked well for perhaps 3 months . Then the motor started to cut out when giving it full throttle . Several owners have reported this problem . I Assumed this was varnish deposits from ethenol in the gas so I stripped , soaked and cleaned the carb but no difference . I then bought a new carb which did the same thing after only 3 weeks . Besides the crap Honda motor the Mantis stainless steel blades bend very easily and have to be twisted back straight every time you use it . The handles of the machine twist out of alignment and need a better way to secure them.All in all this machine is expensive and poor quality . I was fooled into thinking a Honda engine was the best you can buy , perhaps the two stoke version is more reliable . I would not buy this machine .
 I live at 6500 feet . The tiller is underpowered and apparently needs a carb kit that is for high altitude that no one out in my area knows how to do -- even the dealers . The tiller tines freeze every time they catch a 4 '' rock . I 'm sure it is fine for small gardens with no rocks at low altitudes , but it is barely useful at 6500 feet with periodic rocks . I 'm always stopping the thing to pry out rocks that get stuck between the tines and the tine cover . Any tall weed will also wrap around the tines and I need to stop it to dig them out . Wo n't cut them or till them in . Would probably buy a more conventional tiller next time .
 From the moment I opened the box , I 've had problems . In summary , the throttle cable retainer clip that keeps the throttle cable close to one of the handles , broke when I went to clip it around the cable and the handle . I had to use a zip strip to secure it into place . Next was the fact that when I went to run a mounting screw for the handle brace through one of the handles , there was only a hole on one side and not both as required to get the screw through it . Nice quality control , huh ? I finally got it assembled and began to use it . Oiled it up , gassed it up , and because I have used a Mantis tiller previously from rental companies , I knew exactly how to use it . After multiple attempts at getting it started , it finally did . After 20-25 minutes of easy use , it stalled out repeatedly . No clue what the problem is and of course the phone number on the manual is in operation only during M-F business hours - as if no one would ever need assistance with a tiller over the weekend . Not impressed , or even satisfied at all at this point .
 Purchased the tiller under the impression that it would be great . All the advertising on TV and in magazines , etc.Delivered to home promptly , put it together and it took about an hour and 10 minutes to get it started . Once started it ran sluggish . After a few minutes turned it off and it has never started again . Emails to Mantis seem to fall off the world as no response.So I went out and purchased a large 5 hp front tine tiller and it starts first time every time . Does a great job compared to the Mantis , seeing I can not get the Mantis to even run.I am not going to drag the mantis all over town to get it fixed , that is just plain nuts . Not going to send it back , as I do not see much in track record of Mantis happy repairs for customers . Looks like Ive been had.Just to let you know about my mantis experience .
 Bought one of these 4 years ago . Have had a problem from day one . Oil spewed from the spark arrestor . Covered under warranty . This year ran Ok but there has been a gradual loss of power over the past three years . After running it for about 1 hour this year I could not start the engine . Brought it in for service . Needed a new carburetor -LRB- only about 35 hours on the engine -RRB- . Still had problems - replaced pistons and head gasket . $ 300 in repairs , started right up and ran about 5 minutes , then would stall out when I tried to start tilling.Repair company has no idea what else is wrong . Called Mantis who said to call Honda - talk about passing the buck . The number they gave me for Honda was not working.I have had used Mantis tillers for 25 years . But my run with them is finished !
 I used the tiller 1 time . After that time it sat for 1 week . All the oil leaked into the cylinder . Mantis would not repair or refund . Honda did not know how to fix . Mantis said they would send a new tiller but never received . Suggest not dealing with Mantis products because of poor customer service .
 first of all the mantis tiller is a good tiller . but amazon shipped me a refurbished or a used item . it came to me with gas and oil in the box . it would not run under load and stalled in my garden . amazon would not give me my money back and wanted to ship me another tiller . i called mantis . they are sending me a NEW tiller . i recommend you deal with mantis as there service reps dont lie and dont run you around the flagpole for two weeks with your money in there pockets . my neighbor lady has a mantis and hers runs very well . this is why i ordered one . im disabled and i wanted one . but i never thought amazon would take advantage of me like this . i know if i shipped it back they would deduct a huge amount of return shipping off of my credit card . but mantis stepped up and did all of this for free . and i didnt have to pay a dime . this is a good tiller for small gardens and flower beds . shame on you amazon . ive been a loyal customer since 2008 and one of your phone geeks just cheesed me off . carl
 We bought it for a new shower and it is very pretty but the flow from this shower -LRB- we 're on a well -RRB- is terrible . After a month , I bought a different shower head.Excuse the pun but , it was $ 200 down the drain .
 I am in the process of priming/painting moulding in my garage to be nailed up in the house I just built . Had a similar Craftsman that lasted me about 8 yrs and just broke . So , this time I ordered this one from Tool Crib . It lasted a total of 4 months before breaking down yesterday . It is still under the warranty so I phoned Porter Cable . They said I have to take it to a certain nearest service center which happens to be a 4 hr drive from where I live . Or , I can ship it to them if I pay the shipping . So , I ended up driving to the nearest town today to buy a new compressor of a different brand . Pretty darn poor service . What do I expect you might ask ? I expect them to let me take the brand new thing to any near by place that can fix it and have the bill sent to them ! I have purchased a lot of Porter Cable tools while building this house but that compressor was the last one !
 This product works well for its basic purpose -- providing a flexible mechanism to drill or drive fasteners around corners or in hard to reach locations . Unfortunately , when only a bit of load is applied -LRB- such as when driving a screw or other fastener -RRB- , the head of the tool breaks off of the shaft . I had several of these self-destruct in this way , so this appears to be a fundamental limitation of this tool . Bottom line , this is probably ok for drilling , but do n't expect to use this to drive screws or other fasteners .
 Purchased this extender a couple of weeks ago , tried it out today and after screwing in the third screw the extender snapped in two . Recommend purchasing a different brand
 I drilled exactly 11 small holes with this thing befor it fell apart . I was installing cabinet door closers for my kitchen cabinets . I ca n't imagine this product holding up under any significantly heavy use if it could n't withstand that .
 Do n't wait your money on this product , I need this to install my hinges but it broke with the first install .
 Note the fine print in amazon 's shipping policy : '' It will be delivered to your address but not UNLOADED , unpacked , or assembled . `` This means YOU will be responsible for getting the item OFF THE TRUCK when it is delivered to your home . That 's over 4 feet off the ground . And yes , the truck will not have a lift gate -- that costs more . So , they offer `` free shipping '' , not `` free delivery . '' Buyer beware !
 We bought this about three years ago and it is already breaking down . Valve is going bad and tub divertor clogged up real fast and could n't be removed from pipe without a hack saw . Danze really makes crappy products .
 Just attempted to use it for the first time ... wo n't hold air . A leak at the main connection between the tank and the motor ... red loctite seals it , so no moving that without taking the whole thing apart . what a crock . Now I have no box -LRB- it was in shambles when it got to me anyway -RRB- ; so I hope I 'm not SOL ... Amazon help me .
 Arrived seriously damaged . Replacement arrived out of box and more seriously damaged . Missing parts.Red Paint Chips in what was left of box.Box was retaped w / Wide Plastic Tape by Shipper.Do not order this item from Amazon !! They are not capable of shipping it successfully.I buy a lot of other items from Amazon and am a loyal customer but will never order another large item
 Follow up to below . 4 stars now!The replacement arrived with a broken air filter and a few dings but I decided to accept it . With a few emails back and forth with Amazon I finally got someone who passed along the bad shipping information to their shipping department . Amazon was always more than willing to send a new compressor but it took a while to get through to them that it was the shipping box problem that needed to be addressed . I hope they will take action and ship future compressor in a stronger container . They could n't replace the individual part but offered a discount which will quite easily cover the costs of obtaining a new one from Porter Cable.The compressor runs great , just a tad small for my spray gun but if I wait a minute for the tank to fill I 'm ready to go again ! Initially the pressure adjust was stuck but once freed it works fine . It is light enough on the wheels that I can still move it up and down the stairs from my basement workshop to the garage . --------------------- I 'm a longtime Amazon customer and like others I was concerned about the damaged shipments I read about but decided to press ahead thinking by now Amazon would have taken care of the problem . Not so . The carton arrived at my work with torn packaging . I checked inside and found loose parts & the compressor head BADLY dented and the compressor cover bent and sprung off its clips . Immediate return of course but damn the delay !! What is with Amazon & PorterCable ? This is annoying customers and costing them money ! 1 star for the above but I have no idea what the product is actually like !
 The title says it all . Do n't expect to use the first one you get . You would expect someone to read these reviews and make corrections .
 Porter-Cable makes fine products however this compressor is grossly under-powered and should really be sold as a 1.5 HP unit . `` Peak horsepower '' may mean `` when you first turn it on '' but it means absolutely nothing once you turn on your sander , sprayer , or wrench .
 Although I paid for this item , Twice I did not take delivery because the item came DAMAGED.I hope I am not going to lose my money
 junk ! more than one tool plugged in and this splitter trips . It did not serve my purpose .
 I ordered the dummy knob and i think they shipped it to the wrong address and they wont admit it and i 'm too busy to follow up.Bad experience with this seller -LRB- KB Hardware -RRB-
 I have owned 3 V2 models that the company I work for buys for us maintenance technicians . All the have failed , the switches always seem to go out . These things have incredible light power when they are working but they will quit working in a few months .
 Light would not turn on most of the time , I contacted Coast , they said it was defective and to return it which I did . I have other Coast led lights which I highly recommend and I will reorder this one .
 I purchased one of these -LRB- from ReStockIt -RRB- with the hope that a knifeless tool would be more travel friendly . What they shipped had a knife blade.Contacting them , they promised to send the proper item , stated that it was already on it 's way to me and that they would e-mail me a return label . Several days later , they did send the return label but also said that they were not going to send the proper replacement and would offer me a refund instead . There was no apology , only a strict list of steps to follow with a timeline for the return to be credited back to me . I also received a couple of additional e-mails from them that showed how poor their customer service , follow-up and business sense skills are . Sadly , they are not Amazon quality.I come from this experience having learned two things :1 -RRB- This is NOT a knifeless Fuze2 -RRB- At all costs , avoid ReStockIt . Their further e-mails only served to punctuate that point .
 I purchased this set when I purchased myMilwaukee 2610-24 18-Volt Drill/Driver Kit.The short story : I _ LOVE _ my drill and 3/4 of this bit set . However , I think I would have been better suited with a case that either was smaller due to the removal of the drill bits or included a message that said , `` This space intentionally left empty as you are better off than with the drill bits that COULD have gone here . `` The longer : Simply put , the drill bits are worthless . I sheared 2 of them on my first project that consisted of drilling a hole through drywall to sink a molly bolt . -LRB- No , I am not exaggerating . -RRB- This leaves little to the imagination at to how they would have handled catching while drilling though metal with a drill of nearly 55 lb-ft . As the bit shafts are supposedly titanium and the chuck is S2 steel , there must be a problem in the marrying process of the two because every one of the bits has sheared right where the titanium bit meets the chuck ... not the typical separation where the bit starts spinning inside the chuck.As of two weeks after receiving the kit , I removed all the broken bits and placed 7 equivalently sized bits from a different kit in their place . Not the best way , but at least I have some usable bits in this case.Everything else about this kit is decent . I like the ` Quick-Lok ' mechanism as I can quickly swap out the Phillips and standard bits without messing with the drill 's ratcheting chuck at all . The magnetic screw guide and insert bits are quite useful as well .
 I have broken most of the drill bits . Often the first time the drill bit was used . The quik-lok will not release one of the driver bits making it useless .
 The quick release and insert locking head stopped working and drops drill bits/drive bits while working ... Ca n't even contact the company
 After many years of hard use , I needed to upgrade my Dewalt drill bit and driver set and headed to my local hardware store to pick up a new one and was excited to think of getting a newer and better set . Alas , this particular store replaced their Dewalt bit sets with Bosch . I 've had good luck with Bosch router bits , but had never used their drill bits . Then I noticed this Milwaukee set . I liked that there seemed to be a lot more for the money than with the Bosch sets , and though I 'd never owned a Milwaukee tool , assumed I could n't go wrong . Well I did.First , the drill bits are terrible . Each one cuts very poorly , far under-performing even the cheap no-name Chinese bits that I 've used for years . At first I thought I was an idiot and had the drill in reverse , but they just do n't cut . Right out of the box I got smoke drilling through the first board I tried.I like the Quik-Lok extension piece , but for me it was a bit tight and took some effort to get the first driver out of there . But as another reviewer mentioned , the shorter Quik-Lok bit holder just would n't let go . I 've got a permanent Philips head in there now . So I 'll keep using my Dewalt hardware to hold my new Milwaukee bits . The driving bits seem solid and there are enough of them that it gets two stars , but buyer beware .
 The only good part of the Milwaukee Quik-lok 38 piece drilling and bit set appears to be the plastic case holding the drill bits and driving bits.Unfortunately , the drill bits break within a few seconds of their first use and the driving bits also quickly break during either the first or subsequent use.Even at the price of $ 19.95 , this kit is a waste of good money due to completely useless customer service .
 One of these bits snapped off on the second use , and I 've used it only to drill into douglas fir , avoiding any knots.Worse still , Milwaukee customer service does not live up to the company 's vaunted reputation . I sent the bit to the local authorized service center , as directed by the website , only to be told the Milwaukee warranty does n't cover bits.Not satisfied , I contacted the company directly , who said they would cover it if it was defective , but I 'd have to send it to the regional service center -LRB- not the same place I sent it already -RRB- . I contacted the place I sent it to originally , but have not been able to get them to return it to me -LRB- despite having enclosed a return envelope , postage prepaid , when I sent it to them -RRB- . All in all , I would say the entire experience has been very disappointing , and I will not buy another Milwaukee bit.By the way , do not imagine that you are buying domestic just because of the name - like nearly everything else , these bits are made in China .
 I have broken most of the drill bits . Often the first time the drill bit was used . The quik-lok will not release one of the driver bits making it useless.My hobby for the past eight years is woodworking . I try to buy the best tools I can afford so I do not have to replace then a year later . I have a number of other Milwaukee products and have been pleased with the performance and quality . However this bit set is junk .
 The product content selection of this kit caught my attention . I already have lots of bit kits , but could n't resist picking up another kit to keep with my new Milwaukee M12 tools . The case looks and feels like quality with the rubber over-molding . But sadly my case wo n't stay latched and always opens up during transport , unless I put a rubber band or Velcro strap around it . My Dewalt kits always stay latched and those latches have increasing friction as I close them so they stay shut during transport , unlike my Milwaukee case whose latch slides freely up / down with gravity alone.I only used the drill bits a couple times before a couple of them ended up breaking . I think cheap bits from Black and Decker have served me better ! I called Milwaukee to have my drill bits replaced under warranty , but that did n't get me anywhere . I finally ended up returning this kit and will try another just in case I happened to get a bad kit . The new kit should be here next week.My older drill bits continue to work without any issues . I just wish Milwaukee would have put more quality into this kit , especially for what it costs . Come on Milwaukee , get your act together again cause this was a let down for me and this kit could have been very nice if the drill bits and case were of higher quality .
 I was very excited by this set . I bought the Milwaukee 2401-22 12V 12-Volt Li-ion Sub-Compact Driver and really liked it . I thought this would be a great combo so I could leave it in the house while having my larger bit sets and bigger drill in the garage . This would be handy for quick around the house projects . Well , I still like the drill and the quick-lok concept for smaller jobs , but the drill bits in this kit break extremely easily . I 've never broken a bit before , and this one snapped with hardly any pressure being applied . To me , the real quality of a business is not that they never make a mistake or defect but how they handle resolving it when they do . Milwaukee did not handle this at all . I called customer service and was told the bits are not warrantied . Also , there is a part number for the bit , but its not sale-able . So , they ca n't replace my bit because its not under any sort of warranty , and they ca n't sell it to me either . I guess I 'll just keep using this kit until all the bits are broken , and I 'll throw it away and buy a different brand .
 I had n't really tried to use this set of drills and drivers , but I found that one of the drill bits -LRB- 1/4 inch -RRB- would not fit into the Milwaukee Compact Driver . I called Milwaukee Customer Service to ask for a replacement part , and was told that it was under a 30 day warranty and I needed to send it back to the vendor -LRB- Amazon -RRB- . I complained that it seemed unreasonable to send the whole set back because of one part , but they said that was my only option to get the part replaced.The power tool is excellent but I will be getting driver bits and drill bits from other sources .
 I bought this to complement my Milwaukee M12 cordless screwdriver . The drill bits suck big time . I only drill into wood with those bits and boy are they terrible!These are not to be used with an impact driver . The impact driver would destroy every piece in this kit ! Since it is made in China/Taiwan , quality is not there . The only plus of this kit is how easy it is to remove and replace the individual bits . I have a Dewalt impact-ready drill bit kit and the bits in those are difficult to reinstall when done .
 Bought it a while back and any item with more than two moving parts fell apart.Surprised how any item with that logo could be so bad.Avoid .
 They had this on sale at one of the big box stores , I grabbed it without looking to see where it was made . These are made in China now and I only looked after snapping some of the smaller bits . I then checked Dewalt and Bosch , also made in China . I researched this and found Montana Brand , where I got a superb set of TITANIUM drills and driver bits for 43 dollar with many more pieces . Montana Brand is the new Milwaukee gold standard of old . Milwaukee was purchased by Royobi which had been purchased by a group working out of Communist China and they are slowly moving all the production there and keeping prices high while degrading quality and milking the milkwaukee brand for all it is worth . I 'm sticking to high quality tools made in the USA , Canada or Europe or ` free ' world . Last I checked the Chinese communists were still murdering and harassing Christians . Who needs to give them money . Taiwan quality is much better than China so I do n't know why Milwaukee does not go there if they want to be a Chinese firm . Milwaukee had to sell out of the Bush war/housing bust the Central banks engineered and home construction and construction is still dead under obma and all his debt . Get real these are not high quality bits and its not ethical to buy stuff made in Communist China .
 I bought this in July 2012 . I used a 1/4 '' drill bit yesterday , February 23,2013 for the first time . It was not straight , not even close . I got another bit from a different set -LRB- Dewalt -RRB- and finished my job . Today February 24 , I checked the rest of the bits out . Not one was straight . I am waiting to hear from Milwaukee about what they will do.I was drilling soft wood , but if I had been drilling metal it could have been VERY dangerous . CHECK ALL BITS BEFORE USING !!! I am going back to Dewalt.2-26-2013
 item recieved was not the picture on website . . item ordered was no available so the sent a comparable item without contacting me first . returned item
 I have Cadet wall heaters in my apartment that have thermostats that look like this one.As far as I can tell , these thermostats are useless . When I turn the thermostat up from the bottom settting , they click on at a temperature that does n't usually match very closely with the actual temperature of the room . Then when I turn the thermostat back down to turn it off , it clicks off at like 5-8 degrees below where it clicked on.Also , if you turn up the thermostat and turn it down multiple times , the temperatures at which the heater turns on and off seem to vary quite a bit from one time to another.So I really have a hard time believing these thermostats can control temperature worth a damn.I have seen baseboard heaters elsewhere that seemed to have the same deficiency . They get the heater running till you 're hotter than hell , then they finally turn off and then stay off until you virtually freeze to death.I think it probably is that the technology itself sucks . I believe these are what they call the `` bimetallic '' thermostat . Whoever invented this thing deserves to be hung , although he or she probably died centuries ago.Fortunately , I think the new digital thermostats actually work , unlike these old-style medieval contraptions.Disclaimer
 I got a good tool from klein and my only complaint is that the cutter does not work as well as it should . It will cut wire with insulation still on it but it wo n't cut bare stranded wire -LRB- 16awg -RRB- very well without jamming between the blades sometimes.UPDATE 23 Dec - I got this tool to rewire a 1985 porsche targa . It has barely made it . I finished the car yesterday and I think this tool is finished too . Besides the problems mentioned in my initial review it is now very difficult to strip wires with this thing , maybe its dull now , who knows who cares . I am surprised because Klein makes good stuff . Maybe I got a dud but I wo n't buy another klein to find out .
 Bought Klein because they 're supposed to be high end . These were great for as long as they lasted , which was n't long . Blades overlap and bite each other . Wo n't close . Was in the middle of rewiring my garage when they suddenly went kaput in my hand . I did nothing to cause the problem .
 Well lets see , instructions make no mention of why installed head is so different from others or how to install spring so annoying from the get go . But I would have to say my biggest complaint is that thi simply does work at all . A total POS
 I returned the first one I ordered because it was crap . This one is even worse , you got to fight with it to grip the rivet and that 's not rightnot worth it
 I purchased the Stanley MR100CG Contractor Grade Riveter through Amazon . Delivery was great , you have to love prime!Unfortunately , the riveter broke after I used it on 2 small jobs . I installed no more than 50 rivets and the mechanism that pulls the rivets inside the head of the riveter broke . I use all kinds of tool with my work , and I have never had a tool break after such little use . I would not recommend this tool .
 I 've had a tough time finding a great rivet gun locally -LRB- Small community in SE Alaska -RRB- ... So I ordered a gun labeled with one of my favorite household tool brand names.I put it to the test ... started off immediately with 3/16 stainless pop rivets on a project . It did great ... not a lot of leverage though . It performed great until the handle broke . Literally , the handle broke in half in the middle of the rivet ... The metal appeared porous and cheap . I hope it 's a fluke for the rest of you . But It 's going into my drawer full of incompetent rivet guns . Definitely not `` Contractor Grade . ''
 This product is not able to pull a 3/16 Stainless rivet through through a 3/16 hole in stainless tubing . I checked the grip range ... Even drilled a 7/32 hole . Broke the handle . Do I not know enough about using a pop rivet gun ? Will buy a much larger and heavier duty gun for my application .
 So far it works well at riveting . But I was very sad to notice it was made in Taiwan NOT the USA as the product description lists .
 The one star I am giving it is because it 's not a bad color . The one we got just bends the rivet over . Stanley 's website is useless on customer support . One reviewer said it was tough enough to use as a hammer . Too bad I already have a hammer .
 Not too much detail since it only lasted one rivet before it jammed . Seems too light weight for larger rivets . Have always liked Stanley tools but not this time .
 This broke while I was doing test rivets . I only did 3 rivets before it broke and would not release the rivet stem .
 First rivet this thing jammed . The gun will not release the stem of the rivet and it is jammed inside the gun . Nothing I do can dislodge this rivet . This is a piece of trash .
 I am returning this tool . it broke on the 2nd rivit.very dissapointed in this Stanley tool . I would not consider this contractor grade.the cast aluminum handle just snaped .
 Just received this item today , and was quite disappointed with the `` Made in TAIWAN '' on the package . Have yet to use it , but Amazon.com needs to get their description correct . Time will tell if it holds up .
 Contents are standard sockets and standard wrench . No Surprises.The case however is NOT solid . Flimsy plasic means your sockets bounce all around inside as soon as you pick it up . Not recommended .
 `` Includes 1/4 '' , 3/8 '' & 1/2 '' ratchets '' Photo shows Two Not Three ratchets ! Same for sockets no 1/2 '' drive anything in this kit
 The sockets in this set are not heat treated and will break if much force is put on them . i bought this to change my scooter oil and the 10mm socket broke trying to take off the fill bolt .
 They sent a 1 1/2 inch cap , obviously if I wanted a 1 1/2 inch cap , I would have ordered one . It was supposed to be 1 inch , now I wasted all that time and money .
 This instrument is like most Velleman measuring equipment attractively priced but completely useless for any serious work . The specifications are very misleading and apply only to 3 of the voltage ranges -LRB- 50 mV/1V and 20V -RRB- . The bandwidth of 2 MHz is also only valid within these ranges . At this frequency however the scope is not able to produce a sine wave properly . Degradation of waveform in the ranges mentioned starts very early at about 1 MHz . All the other ranges behave different some are only useful to 150 kHz . Testing the scope with a Tektronix scope calibrator shows for some ranges differences for positive and negative values of DC voltages . I did n't expect Fluke quality but this is really a very inaccurate scope although the voltage values are presented with 3 to 4 digits . Only within the audio range and up to about 50 kHz acceptable measurements can be made . I own many scopes and this one definitely is not very useful to put it mildly . Any good second hand analogue scope can be obtained for the same price and will outperform the HPS10 easily .
 It 's impossible to use this product in professional work.Brightness and contrast of display is worst.I 'm using it as simple tester to see is signal peresent or no .
 THIS IS A COMPACT AND INEXPENSIVE OSCILLOSCOPE . UNFORTUNATLY IS IS DIFFICULT TO USE AND THE DISPLAY IS VERY DIM .
 Velleman makes some good stuff , and this scope looks way cooler in person than in the pictures . But it smells like the bugspray department of your local hardware store . It really reeks . I still smell it after leaving it outside for 2 days to air out . It says made in Taiwain . I have not turned it on . May just return it . -LRB- I 've only ever encountered 2 pieces of electronics that smelled like this , a modem and a mouse , but neither was as bad as this . -RRB-
 Again this product was badly mis represented in the ad . By looking at the ad you think you are buying a set of brushes but you are only buying 1 brush . Do not think I will order from them again . Also the shipping was very slow . I had to email the company to see what was happening and they did n't even reply as to what was going on .
 I bought this replacement seat for a Kohler K 3397EB lowboy toilet . The original seat for this toilet is very high quality but the white plastic was beginning to yellow somewhat and the smooth surface of the seat was becoming somewhat rough . I thought it would be an easy matter to replace the seat and was advised by the Kohler representative to purchase this particular replacement seat.The seat that arrived was of the `` quick release '' type . The method of screwing the seat to the toilet involves picking either a `` long '' or a `` short '' screw position but neither position was precise enough to give a good fit . The seat either hung over the left side or hung over the right side slightly and there was no ability to make fine adjustments.The quality of the seat itself was also less than the original seat . The heft of the plastic was less and the seat lid was significantly lighter so that when one would sit on the lid , perhaps to put on one 's socks or shoes , the lid would creak and bend and not feel supported . Also the side rails of the seat were significantly more narrow than the original seat thus putting more pressure on one 's legs and buttocks and was quite uncomfortable because of this.I was quite disappointed in this product and have returned it . I suspect I will never be able to replace the original seat since this is an old and now discontinued toilet but certainly has the elongated bowl that matches dimensions of current bowls . In my situation the quality was just not there compared to the original item .
 I WAS TERRIBLY DISAPPOINTED WHEN I RECEIVED THIS MODERATELY EXPENSIVE KOHLER TOILET SEAT AS IT IS MADE OF SUCH A THIN , CHEAP LOOKING PLASTIC . THIS IS NOT WHAT I INTENDED AT ALL . I LIKE THE SLEEK DESIGN , BUT THE MATERIAL USED IS NOT OF THE QUALITY I WAS EXPECTING .
 I was looking for a toilet seat that had a substantial feel , was well constructed and of good quality . I trusted the Kohler name and expected that the higher price would indicate a better product . Not so . This particular model has a ketchy feature that we did n't expect to find
 This product has been redesigned by Kohler . It is not the same as the original toilet seat . Called Kohler because there was a defective nut and they are sending a replacement . However , I told them we were not happy with the seat as the ring surface is more rounded -LRB- original was more flat -RRB- , but more importantly the lid can not open far enough to rest on the toilet back , therefore it will likely snap , if someone leans back too far . Kohler apologized , admitted they redesigned the seat , and gave me two suppliers to call , to see if they have any `` old stock '' . Seriously , this toilet seat cost a fortune , Kohler needs to do better , particularly when they make a toilet that has a proprietary seat .
 This toilet seat is a replacement for the original . The original is 13 yrs old , not bad . On the new one they changed the way it attaches to the bowl . Plastic screws go into plastic nuts and then a plastic cap is snapped over the top to hold the seat on and in place . The plastic snap on covers that are suppose to hold everything in place do not stay snapped on . Therefore the toilet seat moves and does not stay in place . $ 88.00 is alot of money for a piece of crap for a craper . Totally dissifiedDavid S
 This seat is by no way imaginable even close to the original seat in 1999 ! What a shame to follow in the footsteps of typical products with no quality just profit from junk .
 I have had this style Kohler toilet seat before , but have been disappointed with this batch . I ordered seat replacements for 2 toilets and one seems to be satisfactory and the other is problematic . For some unknown reason , Kohler designers felt compelled to change the attaching `` hardware '' to a sub-standard design using plastic bolts and plastic wing nuts . One of the bolts will not tighten properly and the seat loosens constantly . In this case , spending this kind of money on a Kohler product was not worth it at all . I am very frustrated with this change of design .
 I bought this and it broke after i hit it with a hammer 3 times . I do not reccomend this as hammer throwing target practice dummy as advertised .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!! Cheaply made and broke the first time it was used . At first I thought it was just one piece but each one fell apart . When I tried to contact the seller they said I waited too long -LRB- only get 14 days to report any problems -RRB- . When I tried to explain that I was in the military and was deployed when the item arrived so I was n't able to use them right away they did n't care . Save your money and avoid this product and the seller !
 There is so much friction between the pole and the center of the trays , that it takes a few hours of banging , very hard , with a mallet to get the trays in place.Be careful , I injured my fingers during this process.However , the process of just banging and banging and banging does eventually get the trays into position.The center design of each tray , is the same -LRB- with the same friction -RRB- as the very bottom tray with the wheels . The bottom tray needs the friction , to hold the pole in place.For the other trays , it just makes it very difficult to get them on.I tried following the instructions , and laying the thing on its side , to put on the trays . That of course does not work -LRB- I do not see how it can work -RRB- . Basically I had to do some serious banging -LRB- requiring ear plugs and a heavy mallet -RRB- to get the trays in place.I think it might work better to first file some of the plastic off of the inside of them.But I did not want to mess up the centering -LRB- with uneven filing -RRB- . The trays are durable , in fact so durable that they did not get damaged during the heavy banging upon them , needed to get them onto the pole.Once together , I do actually like the item.I believe this is poorly manufactured , in terms of making it go together.I do not believe it is possible to get it together using the technique the instructions indicate.I do not believe their test people ever tested the instructions.So if you get frustrated easily during assembly , do not buy this .
 The glass does not fit over the base so the glass barely stays on the light . The base that is supposed to support the glass is crooked so any attempt to put the glass on the base does n't work since it falls over or tilts . It 's completely unattached and unsafe . It 's cheaply made too - made in china . I bought this for my kid 's nursery and there 's no way I can use the light when the glass does n't fit over the base and it 's about to tip over.Also , this barely lights up the room - it takes a nightlight to work and does n't give off much light .
 the gun is heavy / big / huge diaphram head / and has ricocheted 8 nails so far , 3 of which has hit employees . we have shot about 350 nails with this gun and it is very finicky . it has a guide that is supposed to `` move '' and allow the nail to enter the hole but sometimes it just shoots the nail back at your face at a high rate of speed . It is dangerous and I am going to try to return it because it is dangerous .
 Bought there for a friend . He has a small pond in the backyard with algae covering it . He has been using it for months with the Healthy Ponds Blast and this did n't even make a dent in the algae . Waste of money !
 There was a difference of about 2 months between when this arrived and I was actually able to start using it.On first power on the voltage display works but the ampage display does not.It works for what I need but I have to be careful with the ampage as I have alreaby blown two 4 watt amps .
 Hi . I love these High performence torches but I do n't understand why it uses the more enviromental unfriendly Nickel Cadium batteries . Although it 's rechargeble I would buy it , if it would have been Nickel Metal instead.Pelle .
 I was really wanting a bright easy to hold flashlight . I considered buying one of these , but instead bought a small maglight that uses 3 AAA batteries that are suppose to last like 100 hours or something . It has three modes : High , Low , and Strobe . But the important aspect is that when the flashlight is turned on , it 's like looking at the back of God . It is really almost to the point where it is too bright . It shines a beam easily over 100 yards . Oh yeah , and it only cost 30 bucks at a local hardware store .
 This product was ok ... it 's being used . Not the best . but I needed something instead putting more holes in the wall .
 I purchased both the Fairfax and the Forte models of Kohler bathroom faucets.Half way through my fixture replacement process , I removed these from their packaging and could n't believe what I was seeing . This is not a solid metal faucet . It is a hollow faucet shaped body made of two snapped together pieces of thin , stamped , chrome plated metal with a cheap copper-like tube running inside the body to carry the water.You ca n't tell this when they are mounted up on the wall at the store . I was appalled . I had thought that for a hundred and fifty dollars I 'd at least be getting something made out of solid metal , especially since it is manufactured with cheap Chinese labor.The aerator is screwed into this cheap inner tube and was difficult to remove . It required continual turning with a wrench until it was completely off . Upon reinstalling the aerator , with hardly any tightening force , the inner tube bent and the aerator then sat crooked inside the cheap body/housing . The projects had to be put on hold while we piled this crap back into their boxes , drove back to the stores -LRB- each model from a different big home improvement store -RRB- , and began the process of finding a different brand of faucet that matched the styling of our bathroom d&eacute;cor.When the clerk asked why I was returning it , I told them because it was pure junk , period.We , the customers , are being DUPED when we fall for buying this CHEAP CHINESE MADE PRODUCT , that at first sight appears to be of high quality , but PAY MADE IN AMERICA PRICES !! Caveat Emptor.Shame on Kohler and any other trusted name brands that are sticking it to hard working people while they reap huge profits from cheap labor , cheap materials and apparently cheap management.We bought a Moen model that was less expensive , had a faucet made of solid metal , easier to install with quick-connect lines , and best of all ... It is made in the USA .
 I am locked in mortal combat with replacing this faucet set on an old , old sink . Finally get the old one off after a few hours -LRB- now sink is unusable -RRB- and start to install new faucet ... ENTIRE LIFT ROD AND END CAP IS MISSING !!!!!!!! Part # 1014918 , rod and decorative cap . What F am I suppose to do now ? How do I get Amazon to get em a replacement part ? What about my sink !!!!! You know , I love shopping from Amazon but it is stuff like this that kills the experience . If I had bought this at a local brick and mortar store I could jump in the car and get the part ... BUT I CA N'T !!!!!!! My question is this ... what is Amazon going to do to make this right ? and how quickly are they going to do this ?
 I bought two of these from Home Depot for a quick update to my 30-year old bathroom . One of the two faucets had a broken internal plastic part . I had been told by the Home Depot employee that Kohler products are high quality and only use metal parts . Well that was clearly wrong . I exchanged it without a problem . I should have gotten something different .3 years later , I noticed that one of the faucets began coming apart along the neck of the faucet that appears to be made up of two pieces of chrome-plated plastic snapped together . It 's corroded now so I do n't think it 'll snap together.Not only that , but I get 100 % volume after turning the knob about 30 degrees of the total 90 degrees . It 's hard to fine tune the temperature . One of the aerators flows nicely . The other one is louder and not even.I 'm so disappointed in this big purchase and I 'm never buying Kohler again -LRB- and am beginning a new remodel -RRB- .
 Bought one of these for a continuous reading when buying a house . The readings were around 6-10 pCi/L depending on where it was placed in the basement so we assumed we needed to have a mitigation system installed . The current homeowner asked if we would help pay for the $ 2500 installation for mitigation as they were wanting to get out of their house and did not have the necessary money set aside for this . I looked into it a little more and found out that radon does not kill in the amonts we breathe of it . We did not have the mitigation installed as I found out that radon is a huge nationwide billion dollar scam . The only studies ever done where someone has died from lung cancer when exposed to radon levels above 20,000 pCi/L are on miners exposed to many other gases/chemicals and smokers -LRB- we already know that kills -RRB- . The amounts found in the house I bought and about every other house in the world are much , much , much lower . Please google radon myth or radon scam before you consider spending any money on detection or mitigation of something that in nature already exists at an average level of 3 pCi/L depending on where you live . I wasted over $ 150 on this and some kits you mail in before finding this information out ... do n't make the same mistake.I would like to add one more thing for the doubters out there . The scientist who was quoted in the original EPA reports -LRB- Dr. Bill Field -RRB- is called out on the following website and is not able to prove there is a risk . I think it is very interesting reading ... but , then again , I am an engineer.Website
 This unit is more sensitive to weather changes than a barometer.I had extreme variations on the unit in a 6 hour period and the manufacture stated that it was sensitive to weather and atmospheric pressure changes . Well we experience weather changes where I live . I even payed $ 35 dollars to have it checked , and they said it met the 20 % variation standard in a controlled environment . 20 % ??? The controversy around the danger of Radon in the home has been proven to be a compete fraud . It has even been said that it 's more of a risk for the immune system to be exposed to very LOW levels of radon . -LRB- plus the radon half sisters like to attach to dust , so a lot of it is rendered inert -RRB- . The conversion methodology used to determine the levels of measuring home radon and for the detectors used , is a formula grasping at a forced outcome . There is absolutely no hard numbers and data that showed anyone has ever developed lung cancer due to high home radon levels , or what is even considered high . Most foreign Countries have an arbitrary number of 7.0 before they even consider so called mitigation . Do your own research as well as Mitigation problems and horror stories.Don ' t panic and waste money on scare tactics that cause stress , and great expense . This Unit is not even accurate at measuring the fake numbers . Sleep well my friends .
 I purchased this after I bought a house where the radon level on my inspection was 3.9 . I wanted to see where we were for a while before calling in a company for remediation . This device showed a reading of over 4 for about 2 months , so I called a reputable radon company to do a final test -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- before fixing the issue . Reading from the radon company was 1.7 , while this device read 4.4 .
 I 've had this detector for over 3 years now and it 's true what they say about it needing calibration every year . This means sending the unit back to the manufacturer for service . If you do n't , it tends to sneak up with progressively higher readings . Unfortunately , I found this out after I bought it . So here 's the thing you will need to consider
 I had some concerns about radon in my home . I purchased the test that you send the canisters awy and I also purchased the Safety Siren . I decided to try the safety siren based on recommendations form other users . I am assuming I must have a defective unit since the following were my results.The Safety Siren device came back with a reading within a few days of over 10 . which settled down to 9.1 and when i disconnected the unit today it was in the 8.X range . At the same time I set the Safety Siren up I set up two of the mail away canisters for the recommended 4 day period . The results of this test came back at 4.1 and 4.5 depending on where the unit was placed . Concerned about the big difference and both numbers still being higher than they should be , I hired a professional to come in and use a calibrated unit . The results of his test were closer to 3.2 , so I ask whose numbers do I trust , one of the canisters was placed in the same area as the Safety siren as well as the professional calibrated unit .
 Safety Siren Pro Series HS71512 3 Radon Gas Detector does not provide reliable or consistent results . -- It returned readings that were -LRB- 8.8 -RRB- 70 % higher than the readings of the best available carbon canister -LRB- 5.2 -RRB- for a short term test which took longer than the manufacturer said . When I called to ask about the discrepancy , I was told to try a long term test , which I did after clearing the previous reading . Those readings increased constantly regardless of weather , so that the same room in virtually identical circumstances was rated variously at levels from 4.2 to 6.2 ; the longer the test , the higher the reading . This time my call resulted in an offer to permit return & replacement , but ONLY after testing which would not be completed until November 23 , so that the new unit would not arrive before the end of November . -- Conclusion
 Do not buy this product it will not give you a good reading we were getting readings very high 6.1 5.1 so we gave up on this and got the ones you Sind away which read 2.1 it is crary when you think you are that highI called about this they said tin was not there problem so its junk to me maybe I can sell it on ebay
 Out of the box , this unit seemed to work great . It provided a reading within 48 hours and updated properly for a few weeks . However , one week after Amazon 's return window ended , the unit gave an error message -LRB- ER3 -RRB- . The paperwork states nothing about error messages other than the fact that the machine does regular self checks and displays an error message if it is not working properly . Unplugging the machine cleared the message , but within a few days it was displaying the same error message . I can no longer get it to clear.I am in the process of contacting the company for warrenty repair .
 Not accurate . The pro series measured the radon level in my basement at 10.9 . The radon professional 's machine read the same room at 5.1 . The state lab.measurement of the same room was 4.5 . So I returned this machine .
 We bought the monitor earlier this year and followed all the instructions . We tested our basement where we usually test with the carbon tests , then we tested on the upper two levels . The results were about the same on all 3 floors which should n't be right . Out of curiosity , I opened the window near it for several days and the value never changed . I ended up calling several radon mitigation companies and the state lab . Everyone told me to use a carbon test and not to trust the cheaper continuous monitors . They said that they do not keep their calibration . After running 2 repeat radon carbon tests , I see that the monitor was n't even close . Save your money and time , and do n't buy this monitor .
 I bought this radon detector about 10 months ago , until recently I would have given it 4-5 stars , as I thought it was displaying an accurate radon level.I had not compared it to another radon detector.I had it set on long term setting , and noticed that the level in my basement was reading high at 5.5 . That is when I noticed that the detector was not working correctly . It would not switch between long and short term readouts . Regardless , I called VSI - a reputable company in Illinois that installed a mitigation system in our basement . They advised that I get a plain old carbon radon detector and that this system is actually not legal in the state of Illinois.Meanwhile , I called family safety products and shipped the unit in to be replaced . Well , a month later , I have still not received a replacement . They say they have no record of me sending in the product . Thank God I sent it certified , so I was able to show proof , which they insisted I show.also , the replacement they say , they will send is not warrantied for any extra length of time , but from the date of the original purchase - thus I only have a month or two to know if it works correctly . That 's ridiculous!Save your money and get a 10 dollar detector . If that does not satisfy you , get ten of them ! You 'll still save money and come out ahead .
 We located this detector per instructions in our basement . The inital reading at 48 hours was 9.5 pCi . This increased to 9.9 at 52 hours and thereafter dropped steadily at a rate of 0.1 every 1 hour . At 73 hours the reading is -LRB- now -RRB- 7.4 pCi/liter . One explanation for this , is the occurence of one or two very large spikes in radon levels which temporarliy increased the running average . Another , I think more likely , explanation is that the device is not working properly , at least during the inital week . As the readings should have been accurate from 48 hours on , I am rather skeptical regarding the reliability of this detector , and may decide to return it . We are doing canister measurements in parallel .
 I 've had the radon detector for about a month . Did n't set it up right away -- you know , quick shipping and then let it sit for a week or so . Anyway , initial reading of 2.5 corresponded well with my `` send-in '' kits . Then , `` error message '' . Went through the manual to clear and reset . Then in a few days
 The electronic tester showed a level of 9.4 to 10.3 , and based on this I contracted mitigation with a contractor that guaranteed to reduce the level below 2.0 . After mitigation the electronic tester showed levels of 3.1 to 3.8 . The contractor supplied charcoal testers that showed the level to be 0.5 . I purchased another charcoal tester that showed the level as 0.7 . I then returned the electronic tester , then tested with an additional charcoal tester and the mitigation system off , which showed the pre-mitigation level as 4.9 . Based on the pre-mitigation level of 4.9 , I would still have contracted mitigation , but the electronic tester proved unreliable .
 Safety Siren Pro 3 Radon Detectors , EPA EvaluatedSounded good , BUT ... Not properly calibrated and Not approved for use in NJ by the State ! Gives readings much higher than carbon absorption kits and therefore unreliable !! Wish I could return it for a refund !!!!!
 I knew this product had mixed reviews but this unit is classified as defective . Measurement starts in basement after 2 days as 2.1 , then climbs over a week to 4.0 . I open the windows for 24 hours and the reading drops to 3.9 . Then I move it to the 2nd floor and get a reading of 3.1 and it never changes despite windows being open and closed , ventilation system being on , etc. . Finally one last attempt I put it outside on a covered porch , so it should be read .4 which is avg outdoor . Nope stays at 3.1 for 48 hours.Not sure what this device does but clearly mine is defective.I will use the carbon tests and double check with a pro .
 NOT EPA approved for real estate transactions . They tell you it was EPA evaluated ... So ? I can evaluate anything ... LOL . Even charcoal canisters -LRB- 11 bucks -RRB- are approved for real estate transactions ... very misleading in my opinion
 I prepped the floor meticulously . I put this crack filler down , it 's a 2 part epoxy , you mix it yourself , and putty it in there . The consistency is slightly thicker than honey , it was n't too hard to level and make smooth . It does make the cracks extremely obvious with it 's odd super gray color.However , this did n't bother me because I was going to paint the floor.I used one part epoxy paint , etched twice , and power washed three times , then primed , let dry the recommended time , and then I carefully painted.This crack sealer stuff did n't really etch well , and it 's glossy and smooth.Despite being `` paintable '' it has n't held paint well . If I was supposed to do something more I would have gladly done more - however it does not say anything else about prepping before paint , I carefully read the instructions . And frankly , when I use paintable caulk -LRB- like I did around the room everywhere -RRB- that stuff is has a generally slippery surface , and holds paint excellently so I was n't expecting any problem.I now have a smooth concrete floor with neatly filled cracks , painted in a carefully constructed argyle pattern , and the crack sealer appears to not be able to hold paint . This means hours and hours upon hours of effort to make such a wonderful floor being wasted , I doubt the paint will hold up on the this stuff . So all my cracks will be super obvious , and my paint job ruined in a few mere months no doubt . I will update if my prediction is wrong , but seriously , I ca n't imagine it will go well , light walking on the floor -LRB- as I carefully paint the rest of the pattern -RRB- has already nicked and gouged out the paint - but only where the concrete patch is .
 The product says that it can be used on vertical surfaces , but it ca n't . When I tried to use it to fix a crack in my foundation , it was n't viscous enough , so it just ran down the crack and puddled on the ground . I tried my best to keep troweling it up , but it was n't successful . I came back a couple hours later after it seemed like it had started to set just to find it had run a lot more .
 Used product to repair large cracks in driveway . I tried several other fixes , including concrete and various compunds that claimed to repair cracks , but all failed to work . The epoxy seems to be a permanent fix . Only drawback so far is that the color does not match the old concrete . Perhaps it will in time . The box claims it is the color of concrete.After a Colorado winter and a hot summer the cracks have reappeared . The epoxy patch did not bond with the concrete so I now have cracks on each side of the epoxy . Obviously , I am disappointed and no longer recommend this product .
 This product is awful . Working as a team of two , we applied according to directions to a powerwashed driveway.It looked OK , and seemed to work.About a week later , the driveway was sealed professionally.After about a month , it started washing out . By Spring , 6 months later , it was all gone.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY !
 I got it on sale for a couple bucks , which is fine . But it is very thin cheap quality that barely provides any `` shading '' of any wattage bulb - kinda useless .
 Terrible product . Yes , it 's quiet . But , if this fan moves 50cfm I 'd be very surprised . I 've got a small bathroom with a shower . This wo n't clear the steam from a normal shower lasting 5 minutes . Save your money .
 The product was very old , the `` stuff '' that came out of it was long expired and it leaked during shipment .
 We put this in my newly remodeled bathroom . It looks great but there are two problems . The mechanism for the drain is not very well designed -LRB- I got the plastic option -RRB- . Maybe it 's the sink I installed it in but there is no good setting so that the drain opens enough to let the water drain quickly . The second and most important issue is that the aerator is not very well designed -LRB- it 's an insert -RRB- - it does n't soften the flow of the water and from that height the water splashes into the sink and onto the counter . The thread is a non-standard size and you can not get a replacement at Home Depot - I 'm trying to see if there are other options . Hey but it LOOKS GOOD and the mechanism on the faucet handles is very smooth . Bottom line however
 This is a very nice looking faucet ; however , the `` quick '' connection between the hand spray to the water supply line is poorly designed / constructed . The first time I installed the faucet , the connection between the hand spray and the water supply line would not stay connected . It would disconnect whenever I used the hand spray and water sprayed everywhere under the sink . I could n't figure out what was wrong so I called a plumber who looked at it and said that it was a well-known design defect with Kohler kitchen faucets . I liked the look of the Kohler faucet so I returned it to Home Depot and got a replacement and reinstalled it . After reinstalling the faucet , it worked great for a couple of days until I used the hand spray . Again , the connection between the hand spray and water supply line disconnected . Since I could n't fix it with a aftermarket part , I took the Kohler faucet back to Home Depot for a refund and replaced it with a cheaper and similar Delta faucet.The plumber said that Kohler uses a poorly designed / constructed connections compared to those used by Moen and Delta . I tend to agree . It looks like something that could be corrected with a $ 2 factory fix .
 Be careful , the brushed nickel stains easily . If you have some type of cleansers on your hands you can permanently stain it easily . I would never buy this again , only chrome.Within a year the sprayer became so weak it was nearly useless.At 5 years we had to replace the main valve and now a year later the diverter valve for the sprayer needs changed . Plumbers ? Get out your check book.This house was plumbed 100 % with Kohler . It is 15 years old . at 10 years old we had replaced 6 Kohler faucet sets from bad pitting on surfaces . Now we have a leaking Kohler shower valve . Needless to say we have not replaced anything with Kohler and let the company know it.Bad valve ? They will send the original owner a replacement -- for the $ 16 valve a plumber will charge $ 100 to replace . Thanks , Kohler . Shower valve ? $ 200 . I recommend you check other brands . I think the Forte design gave up quality for appearence.Fool me once ...
 We 've had two problems related to the K-10430 faucet assembly . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The quick connect fitting that attaches the spray hose to the water supply is in a very crowded place near water filters , disposals , pipes , drain lines , other hoses , wiring , etc. . And , this fitting is designed in a way that allows it to swivel whenever the spray hose/nozzle is turned . In our case , the quick connect fitting swiveled over a period of 6 years and its release lever came to rest against a stationary object . This caused the release lever to get depressed which disconnected the spray hose from the water supply . Water began spraying into the cabinet under the sink . Fortunately , we were sitting 10 feet away at that moment and I quickly shut off the water line . Otherwise we would have incurred major damage to our floors , walls , furnature , etc. in the entire downstairs . I rigged the release lever to prevent it from being accidentally depressed . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Our water spray quit working . I was able to determine that the problem was a defecive diverter in the faucet . I phoned Kohler , they agreed and mailed me a new diverter and replacement instructions with photos . I also found more photos including an exploded view of the entire faucet at their website and spoke to a Kohler rep about the replacement process . Everything indicated there was a retaining ring atop the diverter . But , when I removed the faucet I found no retaining ring . More phone calls to Kohler and more very close visual inspections to try find the retaining ring . Two hours later I again phoned Kohler and spoke to Eric in their technical support group . Eric told me Kohler redesigned this valve several years ago and eliminated the retaining ring ! Ten minutes later I had the old diverter removed , the new diverter installed and the faucet reassembled . Worked great ! But , the incorrect information from Kohler wasted two hours of my time AND if I had n't been fortunate enough to reach Eric my problem may well have continued several more hours!Pros - Relative to most of their competitors Kohler makes good products . Their customer service reps are very friendly and will spend whatever amount of time it takes to provide you with information.Cons - Their products are n't perfect . And you ca n't completely rely on the accuracy of the information they provide -LRB- talk to someone in their tehcnical support group if appropriate -RRB- . Their customer relations also seems poor - its been several months since these incidents and since I reported these problems to Kohler and I 've yet to receive a substntive reply from them !
 This is a great looking level but I wanted something that was designed to to do what I needed it to do . I liked this level mainly because it had a 22 degree bubble on it which is great for electrical pipe bending . The problem I found is that it is top heavy , bulky , stubby and weighs too much . If you 're a professional I strongly suggest getting a Checkpoint 300 instead.I had checkpoint 300 until someone decided they wanted it and took it from me . I did n't realize how nice the level until I bought this level . To start off the Checkpoint 300 design is great because it is slim , long and lightweight . It has 4 rare earth magnets which really hangs on to what ever you stick it to . It has vile windows for the 30 and 45 degree vials on the top of the level , this is very useful when bending pipe . it easily fits into a tool pouch or back pocket and is easy to find in your pouch.This level the 305 on the other hand is tall , bulky and heavy and only has only 3 rare earth magnets . It is twice the weight and is top heavy . It has a tendency to want to fall off of things when bumped and if it does fall off of a lift it puts a huge dent on the corner because of it 's weight factor . Since it is so bulky it is harder to fit in your tool bag and it is hard to when you need it because it 's short and sinks down into your bag and you have to dig to find it.My Checkpoint 305 dropped off of lifts too many times and the main vial finally broke , Checkpoint guarantees it 's vials from breakage with free replacement vials but this was a great reason to get rid of it . I just replaced this level with the Checkpoint 300 and will never stray again .
 A very nicely machined level with a strong magnet and several handy features such as vee grooves to accommodate checking corners and round stock . The big negative was the bubble in the vile was way to small for the allotted space between the reference marks . It was difficult to consistently center the bubble in such a large space . I returned the unit for credit .
 I 've used it twice and each time it leaked too much air to get proper inflation , I will try it a few more times and review it again .
 The length was perfect , it would have gone over the shower surround to just the right spot so showers would not be awkward ... but just as one of the previous review stated , even with a cloth over it , it got scratched to the point that I cant , in all good conscience , use it in this brand new bathroom ... save your money and find a different product .
 This is the second identical arm with the same problem . I can not get it to stop dripping from both ends of the pipe . I have even had a professional plumber look at it , and he determined that it has to be the arm . We have tried 3 different brand new shower heads and an assortment of teflon tape , teflon paste , etc. . .
 Both my wife and my electrician managed to break a pair of these . Unless you are really careful when setting the light in place , they give away . It 's the cheapest of plastics and does not take a beating .
 I was using these to hold my flashlight in my car , and they broke . Just in the course of usage , not in a car wreck or anything . I was using them to hold the light horizontally , so maybe a vertical position mounted on a wall would work better , but even for that I would rather make something myself than buy these .
 A most useful product , thanks for the good deal . Just a thought why not include them in any large Maglite sale . Just a thought .
 IF YOU THINK YOU 'RE GETTING THE SPRING STEEL CLIPS WITH RUBBER COATING , THINK AGAIN . THESE THINGS ARE SHINY BLACK BRITTLE LOOKING PLASTIC !
 I bought three sets of these . Broke one side of one clip pulling out the flashlight two days after installing them in my Jeep . I had two more sets so I changed out the broken one . Same deal when I pulled out the flashlight and broke the other of the first set two weeks later , and replaced it . Considering the price I just chalked it up to poor manufacture . Yesterday I pulled the flashlight out and broke the side off of another one . I will remove these clips from my Jeep and look for something more dependable . I wanted to mount a light in my Jeep , RV , and my truck , but these clips are way too brittle to be dependable . I have one brand new set still in the packaging but I will not be mounting them anywhere . I expect a lot out of my tools and Maglite makes a very high quality , dependable flashlight . I am disappointed to see this quality does not extend to this product . The plastic is too brittle for this use .
 I bought one of these several years ago and it broke within a couple of months . A couple of months ago I decided to try again , within 3 weeks it was broken , Never Again .
 I was very dissappointed with this item . Did n't last a day . The Streamlight Adjust-a-Clamp is VASTLY superior . Stainless steel construction and it 's CHEAPER too . My current Streamlight set has been in heavy constant use in my truck for over 15 years . The rubber has worn off a few times but it STILL HOLDS MY FLASHLIGHT ! Customers who were unhappy with the MAG instrument product should check out the Streamlight clamps .
 Poor quality plastic brackets . Not up to mag light standards .
 Not much I can say about them . I was excited to finally have a place for my maglite in my class B RV , but sadly within the first couple of times that I removed the light while at a campsite , one clip broke . Having said that , I 'm here to buy another set since they are inexpensive enough.Update - after a little more searching , I decided not to go with these again . I 'll spend a few more dollars on these
 I guess these were not intended for use in cold climates . Using with a Maglite 3cell light , between 20 and 40 degrees , about the third time , they broke .
 I have mine mounted in my vehicle as well for offroading and it is mounted to the body of the vehicle on the driver side pillar and within 2 weeks one side broke off and I was in the motion of pulling the light out so it was not getting slammed into it or anything . My father was in the vehicle as I was removing the light to show him and once it broke while I was removing it my dad 's first response was , `` well that 's a crappy clip '' . I am going to purchase it once more and maybe see if the second will last longer and if so I will edit my opinion .
 These brackets hold the flashlight too strongly . I estimate it takes a pull of 20 pounds or more to get the flashlight out of them , and you might pull the screws out of their mounting if attached to something like a kitchen cabinet before the light comes loose . An older person , a woman , or a child is not going to be able to get the light , especially using just one hand , a very bad situation if an emergency.Get some kind of tool or broom holder at the home store instead.Thanks.Addendum July 20Using a piece of wood I wedged the fingers a quarter of an inch further apart and placed them in 225 oven for fifteen minutes . This greatly reduced the force needed to release the flashlight while still holding it firmly .
 This level looks awesome . It even feels awesome . Subject it to moderate abuse and it comes apart . This is the second one that has done this to me . The first one had the magnets fall out for no reason . There wo n't be a third opportunity . Skip it .
 Not sure what happened . The light was very bright for about a year or so , then just went dim . Now ? Nothing . This was with household use from my mom . * Tried brand new batteries -LRB- 1.57 V + each cell -RRB- , * Tried cleaning the front contact for the battery with an eraser -LRB- as suggested by Maglite -RRB- . No help.The remedy from Maglite is to ship it to Canada insured , cost around $ 15 ~ $ 20 . But there are alternatives . Cost of nice Coleman flashlight ? $ 20 . Unfortunately , Maglite kind of lost a customer . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Well I got it to work , eventually . It comes with a flimsy little screw that will not accept a screwdriver . The screw therefore can not be tightened and the lamp shade wobbles pitifully . Luckily , the screw is so poorly made that it eventually slips through the opening of the metal plate and then you can replace it with a regular screw from a hardware store . What should have been a 5 minute job took at least 1 hour , including the trip to the hardware store . Also , it would be nice if this item included a simple finial .
 This is a pretty flemsy adapter . It will not support much more than a very small light shade and mine actually broke when I attempted to attach it to a bulb .
 This product is not strong enough to hold up my lamp shade ... it kept falling off the light bulb under the weight of the shade . Went to the big box store and got a much better version of this product for under $ 5 .
 Cost less than $ 2 at Home Depot , suggest picking one up there unless you just can not get to a store . Great product otherwise .
 OK - I want to be perfectly clear . The one star rating is only due to the sub standard condition the WIRING on my oder came with . When I first unboxed the lamp and set it up , it would not turn on . I tried a few bulbs before I realised there was `` ticking '' coming from the inline switch on the cable , indicating to me something was loose . I grabbed my circuit tester and some tools , and moments later found that the switch had been improperly wired , and was barely connected at ALL , with one portion of bar wire loose and capable of touchingthe metal screw spindle that holds the switch together . Had there been a fire or electrocution , I may not have been as reasonable with this review as I plan to be.After reinstalling the switch onto the cable in a manner consistent with its design , I find this lamp to be quite delightful , and perfect for an ambient bedroom light . It is appealing to look at , and small enough to be unobtrusive . I plan on buying more , but I will examine the switching on each one prior to `` installation '' . Maybe mine was a one off accident , but I 'm not taking chances .
 Why ca n't you feature a picture of the item that is correct . The picture clearly shows wide spacing for faucet but it is incorrect . The spacing is for a single unit faucet . There should be some alert at the picture to indicate that the picture may not represent the item .
 One major problem with this item , where it fits the down spout it actually measures 2 '' x 3 '' , not 3 '' square . On the item it even says 2 '' x 3 ' . I ordered it from 2 different suppliers , thinking the first one made a mistake , silly me , they must just read the computer and not look at the actual item . The companies seem like nice people , but the item is not 3 '' square.7-13 update , they refunded some money , which was unexpected , as I told them I was dropping the complaint . People with integrity evidently .
 I received three units -LRB- I ordered two , and had one replaced -RRB- . ALL of them have the exact same problem -- they randomly turn on . Specifically , the motion sensor works with no noticeable problems
 I kept getting false alarms after mounting the unit in about a dozen different positions . I finally had to turn off the system because the constant false alarms drained the battery .
 The first unit I received would only motion sense up to 30 feet , not the 60 feet as advertised . The replacement unit I received did the same . So if you only need the unit to detect up to 30 feet the unit works great .
 Disapointed in the range from motion detector to lamp switch . Activation works at a distance of only about 3o feet .
 This is a worthless cheap poorly designed piece of trash . Do n't waste your money . It 's just a couple of pieces of PVC that slide in and out of each other with a spring inside . Chances are it wo n't fit on your door the way it is originaly intended unless the sider has about two inches of exposed frame at the top . Most sliding doors do n't . Which means that you will have to use the alternate method and install it verticaly on the back end of the sider . This looks tacky and does n't really work all that well . I had to take the entire thing apart and redesign it so the spring had more tension to get it to close the door .
 This product is very difficult to install because the instructions look like they were made by a high school kid in on an old macintosh computer . The 810 phone numbers for the company are all disconnected . I will be sending it back
 Spring is not strong enough to clode the door , even with new wheels . Directions are convoluted and difficult to read and understand -LRB- BTW , I teach physics and am a smart guy -RRB- . Made of the cheepest materials and poorly engineered -LRB- mine broke after two days of use -RRB- . For the love of all things good and holy , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !! You 'll be happier this way . Lastly , I had to give this a 1 star , since they do not allow zero stars .
 I ca n't believe I fell for the add and bought it . It 's a total piece of junk . It 's made of plastic and has about a 2 lb spring and you attach it with sticky tap . God I feel so stupid ! Save yourself the shame and money and get another door closer .
 Does not work . My patio slide door require slight force to open and this junk can do nothing . Like other reviewer said , my door frame is not wide enough to install this crap horizontally . Safe your money and do n't waste your time ... do n't buy this .
 Completely took apart and cleaned the door and rollers , still ca n't get it to to glide smooth enough to close with the new contraption . If your door is not brand new this product will not work as advertised .
 If you ca n't close your door with only the slightest of effort , then this closer wo n't work .
 If you order these lamps you will receive poor quality ones , with the &#34; V &#34; filament . This is not the one pictured in their description . BEWARE !
 TOTAL SCAM . Purchased the fan , then notified THREE DAYS LATER that the blades and all accessories NOT INCLUDED !!!? BUYER BEWARE
 Thought this would be a step up from the Black & Decker and Craftsman electric chainsaws I owned previously . I reasoned , `` Hey , McCulloch is a chainsaw company ... and it 's more expensive '' Wrong . On/off trigger is uncomfortable to use , chain sucks -LRB- does n't cut nearly as well as chains on my previous two models -RRB- .
 This saw leaks oil whenever you tilt it to cut ... . Ca n't get parts locally ... . It 's at the shop now and they are trying to figure out if it can be made usable someway ... I 'd send it back but I did n't keep the box ...
 Crimped about 30 or so RJ45 's after that many of the pins on the RJ45 's did not depress into the wires . It was also random at times , properly crimping pins and then not . Leaving one , two or three pins up . Recrimping would sometimes help but not always . Purchased an Platinum Tools EZ-RJ45 Crimp Tool and no more issues . Do not recommend .
 Today I just had to cut the net to pieces to remove an unfortunate red rat snake from the net . Unfortunately , the poor thing was expired having been strangled by the netting after struggling to get out . This is the six or seventh time I have had beautiful and beneficial snakes caught in this type of net . All the others lived and were released although it is always a tricky surgery cutting the net away from a wiggling and upset snake . This stuff should be banned as a wildlife killer . To keep birds out it is best to get some shade cloth . The birds ca n't peck through it and it lasts for years . This stuff gets tangled up in everything and is a real pain . I am all broken up about the poor corn snake . He was beautiful . Now deceased all to keep a few figs from the mockingbirds .
 Had high hopes for this as birds were picking at all my figs this summer.One thing I failed to notice or they failed to mention is that this is just one large sheet of netting . No strings to tie ends , or elastic , nothing . you are on your own to come up with a way to keep this thing on your tree . It 's like good luck!did not end up using it at all. : -LRB-
 Let me first say that I am an industrial maintenance supervisor that worked my way to this position . I 've been around a lot of tools for a long time . When I received this clamp I was impressed with the quality and it seemed like the perfect size for small clamping jobs . I thought I would get a lot of use out of it.That was before I pinched the palm of my hand so severely that I have quit using this tool . The first time I regarded it as carelessness on my part . However , even being careful , if you are not constantly watching the position of your clamping hand you can easily get pinched by the grip . The second time resulted in swelling and a blood blister and the third just cut me . Keep in mind that I did n't do this all at once but I kept going back to this tool because I thought it was such a handy size . I have stopped using this clamp and it is in my `` yard sale '' pile . Maybe the bigger ones are better ?
 I have owned a LockJaw brand clamp for several years and really like it . Apparently LockJaw sold out to CH Hanson who makes a poor copy of the original . I sent mine back . Virtually not useable . You will spend more time trying to get the clamp closed than you will actually working . Save your money .
 these clamp 's stink I 'm a carpenter and use clamps all the time these clamps do not have enough pressure to hold metal stud 's on the vertical big waste of money I spend more time picking them up off the floor than doing work and yes I did try to adjust them do n't throw your money away .
 Have 2 sets of these , agree with the negative review about the pinching problem , if the handles came with rubber or plastic grips the problem would be solved .
 I just tried to use it for the first time and I could n't get either side to fit over the pins on the 66-block . It might need to be broken in but I have never needed to do that with a punchdown tool . I assume that I could try widen the opening but this is made of steel and do n't think it will do much.Update
 I bought this for my firefighter friend and he lost the magnet the first time out . With all the gear getting jostled around , the magnets became detached and one got lost . I love the idea , it just did n't work and I do n't think this product is a winner .
 Like other reviews mentioned . The low price is tempting , but 4 of the 6 bulbs were damaged . Moreover , the small carton it came in was not sealed , and was cracked . It 's possible that I was sent a defective product that someone else returned.I got the Sylvania before and had no prloblems . In effect the price is not higher if you take into acocunt the Feit ones being DOA frequently , so I definitely recommend getting the Sylvania instead .
 Got these because they were cheap but I 'm not all that happy with them . The bulbs do not put out as white nor as much light as some Phillips bulbs that I had previously used . Will spend the money for the better bulbs next time .
 Poor performing product with non-existent support = stay away . Feit Electric claims 100 % quality guarantee on their website yet there is no instruction for support on their corporate website and the `` info@conserv-energy.com '' website directed on the packaging for warranty support does not exist.Poor performance at low price does not make for good value .
 These bulbs are great bulbs . Amazon packed them as best as you could want and expect , but if the shipper drops the package , bulbs break due to the quick deacceleration . The cost savings to buy online is negated due to the damage bulbs , so might as well buy them at Home Depot , pay a little more , pay the tax , but get bulbs that are not broken . Shipping these from Amazon , even with free shipping and no tax and a lower price , ends up costing more due to the breakage amount . my 2 cents .
 Bulb was lit for 3 seconds and sent dark.The FEIT customer service dept was very unhelpful.Choose another product !
 I put one rivet in and used it . It would not eject the stem . The directions say it ejects the stem automatically . I could not get the stem out even with pliers . I returned it and got a new one , same problem . Got a refund .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I guess I 'm not really a big fan ... - No solar power . - No square root option . - Dust builds up under the display .
 No solar power , no square root key . Also , dust builds up in the display .
 I purchased this lamp as a gift and the product was broken out of the box . A lot smaller than the picture leads you to believe . I would not recommend this product .
 I purchased this item because it was supposed to be made of metal . Should have read the review first . The back panel is plastic , which totally defeats the purpose of having a metal -LRB- and code compliant -RRB- outlet strip . While it does seem well made , I now have to search for a real metal outlet strip . I would have been willing to pay more too , if the enclosure was all metal .
 It does ok on getting rid of weeds among my paving stones , but a complete waste of time and money for getting rid of weeds on permanent basis . Yes it will kill a weed when flame applied directly to weed , but usually the weed regrows healthier than befor . I tried to kill ferns with it , but evry time I kill them they come back !! I do n't reccomend it for any serious weed problem.I hate using herbicides , but no real alternative !!
 Rod came in a huge box with lots of padding . Rod was bent and would n't expand . I have bought hundreds of items from Amazon and this thing is pure junk . Considering the packing job , the item must have been bent before being packaged which indicates a merchant that is not worthy of patronizing -LRB- Geroy 's Building Center -RRB- .
 This curtain rod is useless ; it constantly falls down , arbitrarily and without cause . Sending it to the Goodwill , but maybe they wo n't even want it as it does n't work . A regretful purchase even at this price . I guess you do get what you pay for .
 I purchased this rod to replace my old tension rod that was accidentally broken . This one , by far does n't measure up to my previous rod that I bought at a discount store . You would think that with a brand name like this one , it would be top of the line , not the case . The caps on the end are plastic instead of rubber which makes the rod slide out of place frequently . The tension really has to be tight for it to stay in place and hold my 1 panel sheer up . I would only purchase this rod again if I could n't find another tension rod in this size .
 My tension rod arrived today . Bent and crooked and does n't expand to the 48 inch length . Because this was sent wrapped in plastic it arrived damaged . It would have been better packaged in a box . Next time I 'll purchase in the store instead of mail order .
 I am not please with this purchase . I depended on the name to be a sturdy product , which it was not . It was so light weight that the rod would bend just trying to get them inside the window . I should have brought the product locally but I do depend on Amazon for good products and good prices . Did not reuturn them because I opened most up before trying one . Live and learn .
 Very cheap and flimsy . The curtains actually made the rod bend on one which I will keep since we damaged it . The others I am returning to purchase something of better quality . The rod keeps slipping out of place when I try to open my curtains . You have to twist the rod to secure it in place . The tension is horrible . The plastic end tabs pop off easily too .
 This is very very very thin rod and it did work for a week , after which it started sagging . Our curtain is very light and even so ... Its going back !
 Flimsy , weak , poorly constructed . I honestly just threw it out when it came . I was n't expecting much for what I paid , but I was expecting a little more than this .
 It comes shrink wrapped after a cardboard box the plastic wrap is extraneous and lasts longer than the few metal parts of the rod which has fell down 3 times in one month , the last one i had broke when i stressed the cheap plastic threaded tension rod so I 'm worried about breaking this one . The finish scratches very easily as the shower hooks are already wearing the finish off . I would not recommend this product . I 'd bite the bullet and go to Bed Bath and Beyond where you can return any item with no questions as long as you have the receipt . The fact that Amazon supports the Fascist oppression of free speech & Wikileaks is one more reason to shop elsewhere and if you ca n't at least buy a better shower curtain rod .
 While this is a good brand item , it turned out to be too weak for 1 panel of a light woven fabric . Have to buy something else .
 The curtain rod arrived with a bend in the middle which makes it unusable . It was inexpensive and returning it is too much trouble . I have been purchasing products from Amazon for years and this is the first defective item I have received . The packaging was very protective so I am sure it was bent before being shipped . I thought you should know . I bought a new one from Home Depot today so please do n't ship me another one .
 I hung this item and under the weight of a lightweight curtain , it bent to the point that it is unusable . It came today in the mail and is out tonight in the trash . A piece of garbage . DO NOT BUY !
 The longest length of this rod bends and sags at the middle , does not hold up even a lightweight valance across its span without this sagging in the middle . I had to use a better made brand to get the results needed for the valence to look as it was meant to . These are shipped without sufficient protection and are easily damaged in shipping . The are a cheap product that does not perform at all over time . Do not waste your money on this . Levolor Kirsch used to be a reputable name . I have now tried two of the products and been completely dissatisfied with both -- finding them unusable and too flimsy to get the job done .
 This has got to be the worst thing ever purchased in Amazon.This is a joke of an item.Mine will not extend no matter what I do to it hence I can not use it.if I were n't in Australia , I 'd send this back but its not worth it.Only thing it 'll go to now is the rubbish bin !
 This pole broke within a week . Was n't expensive but seriously ... I was hanging a small-normal sized bath towel on it.Advice
 The tension rod came in a very long big box and it was bented on arrival.I ca n't use this on this condition.Total waste of my money.It 's just too troublesome to replace/exchange . I do not want to pay return shipment fee.They should do a better packing .
 The product came late . was what looked like in the picture but was stuck and couldnt extend due to the damage it had .
 It just about holds up a small kitchen curtain . Anything heavier than that makes the rod bend in the middle !
 I have bought many a tension rod over the years for different apts , homes , etc. . I thought being levolor they would be good quality and also nice looking . They are neither ...
 At first this was great . But after a month it broke . The pop up is made from plastic and seperated from the strainer .
 Is there a zero star rating ? I 'm here checking out Amazon , hoping to find something to replace this product.The stopper does n't work properly for my sink , so unless I spend some time getting it in exactly the right position , the water drains out slowly . Even if I do get it to stop the water , if something bumps the strainer , it knocks it out of position and I have to fiddle with it again.Alternatively , if I actually want to let the water drain , often the little stopper part twists and falls down , so the water drains only very slowly , and `` backs up '' if I 'm letting the water run.Awful product !
 Great product to use as a wood filler . Dries rock hard.I was not impressed with the ability for the epoxy to take stain .
 Does n't dry as hard as i thought.Did not work for my application.I am sure there are good reviews for this product , just not right for what i needed to do .
 I have used other wood patch products in the past with good results . This product , however , left me disatisfied . It is not very user friendly ... tends to be difficult to apply . It does NOT go on smoothly or adhere well ... requires a great deal of coaxing and smoothing . It dries quickly , often before you have managed to achieve the smooth application that you want in order to reduce the amount of sanding needed . I ended up just tossing it in the trash and buying another product that was easy to apply and gave me a great result . This product does harden and sand well , but it just is n't worth the time it takes when there are other products that apply and finish much easier .
 I have hunter ceiling fans in my house and I love them . But I am not happy with the design of this product . I cant unscrew the base after 2 years because the screw has rusted shut . Why would use rustable metal in a product designed for a humid bathroom ?? Make no sense
 What a bummer . With the down turn in the economy , im always looking for `` made in the USA '' products and companies to support . I was pretty excited to find this highly rated caulk gun . But , embossed in large letters on the handle says `` Made in UK '' . however there is a small piece of paper that says `` assembled in Michigan '' . very different!Regardless , I 'm disappointed in the false advertisement with the intention to mislead consumers like myself . shame on you !!
 The rod was bent when arrived so had to carefully straighten it as best I could without snapping it in half . The middle extension piece did not fit easily -LRB- much too tight -RRB- and could only insert part way without buckling the whole thing . I have it hung up temporarily until I can get a better rod . I think $ 12 was way too much to pay for this flimsy rod . -LRB- it did n't even have the soft rubber guards that fit on the extension ends so as to not snag your sheers -RRB- I thought because it was priced higher that it would be nicer quality but I 've paid $ 5 or $ 6 for similar rods that were much better quality . I got ripped off on this one .
 There is NOTHING `` heavy duty '' about this curtain rod ! Without a doubt the most poorly made piece of crap I have purchased in my life . Let 's break it down :1 . Flimsy , cheap metal . Buckled immediately after the curtains were put on . It was clearly on the verge of breaking altogether , so I had to take it down .2 . Parts did n't fit together . I had to use pliers to pry it open so the three pieces would slide into each other .3 . Support hooks were also made of cheap metal . One snapped in half as I was screwing it into the wall .4 . Rod was packaged with two support hooks . Because of its long length and weakness , two hooks were needed to prevent it from sagging . But if you have more than one support hook along the curtain rod , you ca n't close your curtains ! Curtains stop where the hook is ; this is why you need to get a curtain rod that is strong enough to only need one support hook right in the center . Whoever designed this WAS N'T THINKING.In conclusion , total failure . No redeeming qualities whatsoever . This useless thing now resides in my trash can . Good thing it was only $ 7 , not worth the hassle of returning.I promise you will regret buying this curtain rod . Trust me , spend the extra money and buy something that does the job .
 The rod says heavy duty and it was like any other curtain rod I purchase . Since I needed 120 &#34; I wanted a heavy duty rod . When rod arrived the end that goes into the bracket on the wall was bent . I unbent it so it would fit on the bracket . For a plain curtain rod it would have been fine but advertising as heavy duty it was n't .
 This curtain rod is cheaply made and comes with no instructions . I ca n't figure out how to hang it , and even the Levolor website could n't offer any help . I will say though , at least it is cheap .
 I bought something similar in stores recently that used screws . They are all pretty flimsy , but work for the purpose I needed.I ordered these online which were slightly more expensive than the ones I bought in store , but it was worth it because I did n't want to go to the store just to get these.The product I received was cheapy nails , not screws , to hold them up . No matter how hard I hammered , they would not hold , they do n't even secure when you hammer it all the way in , so the bars kept falling off.Had to throw them in the trash , and go buy the ones from the store .
 We purchased the 700 in 2004 and it has been nothing but a headache for us . The first two years the water panel would n't stay wet . The installer blamed it on the saddle attachement to the water pipe . He came out and cleaned the saddle and claimed it worked but we never had anything but dry air . About 2007 we had someone come out and tell us the panel holder does n't distribute the water well and they came out with a new version that has fabric in it . Bought that and it helped for a year and the fabric came loose and had to buy another . -LRB- in addition to replacing the panel each season -RRB- . Finally last year we had someone install a real valve to replace the saddle . Then this unit started pouring water all over the floor . Apparently the low-flowing saddle was masking other problems . Some low-flow , inlined device was broken . -LRB- read $ .01 piece of plastic -RRB- I ordered a new hose for it and put it in . The new hose was so stiff that part of it broke on trying to install it . Duct tape helped hold it in place . Turn on the water and NOTHING ... back to no water again and a dry panel = dry house . Generally this unit has me running to the furnace room every day since we owned it . It has never worked right despite having 3 different companies come out to service it . The general features of this thing that I do n't like are : - water panel
 This is worse then having no humidifier as it breaks down and can overflow n flood into the HVAC unit.Worked for two months then pad flooded one year.Relay went out another year.Now solenoid valve is broken and quote is 350 to fix.Would suggest going with another brand that offers at least a 10 year warranty period or go with stand alone units .
 My father has three of these and I have two . In the last 18 months , we went through 1 motor , 3 control boards , 4 Solenoid valves 2 humidistats and 2 transformers . Somehow the solenoid shorts out and eats the transformer . There should be fuse protection . It was working fine at the end of last winter and this fall , I found a fried solenoid , transformer and control board . Seriously , this thing runs water through it and has no fuse or epoxy barrier to corrosion or water damage . When they work , then they mysteriously fail for no apparent reason . The whole design is flawed . I do n't understand how it gets rave reviews .
 I 've had this humidifier since the house was built 3 years ago . It simply does n't provide any humidity . Separate readings show I 'm at 20-27 % throughout the winter . This unit ca n't keep up with a 4000 sq ft house . nose bleeds , dry skin , 3 separate -LRB- non-furnace -RRB- systems , and tons of lotion ! The humidistat that they installed with it , kicks on and off loudly and frequently . The humidifier was supposed to work even when the furnace was not active as long as I ran my fan . I loved this option but it 's never actually worked . Aprilaire -- not . rename them to Superdryaire.Bottom line , if you have a big home , look for another company who makes a better top of the line product .
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 Man , I hate this double curtain rod . I hated it at my landlady 's house and now I hate it at my house too , but I had to get it because for some reason double curtain rods that are n't this one are surprisingly expensive!So , the things I do n't like . First off , the two rods are the wrong length relative to each other . Or at least mine are . If you take them as they come , retracted to their shortest , they do n't fit on the mounting brackets . You have to extend the outer rod a bit . But if you did n't expect to have to do that , and drilled the holes and mounted the brackets assuming the damn things are the right length , then the small one wo n't fit in the bracket inside the big one !!!!! What the hell ? Also , the space I have is just as wide as the outer rod is when retracted -LRB- which would 've been perfect if the inner rod actually fit ! -RRB- so now that I have to extend the outer rod , it no longer fits my space . So be aware that the minimum length given is not actually the minimum , and you 'll have to extend the outer rod in order to fit the inner one in it on the bracket . What I had to do instead is cut the inner rod a bit shorter , which is a total pain in the *** even though I have a metal-cutting saw.That was one thing . Another thing I hate about it is the flimsy mounts . The rods have holes in them that hook onto these tiny hooks on the wall bracket , and the rod rests gingerly on the bracket ready to fall when you pull the curtain . So if you do n't ever touch the curtains , you 'll be fine , but if you actually want to pull them apart and look outside , it might get frustrating , especially with heavier rod pocket curtains.Yet another annoying thing about this double rod is how far away it sits from the window . One , this makes it look awkward if the curtain stands so far out , like there 's something hiding behind it . It looks ugly . Two , with the rod sitting so far out , it lets a lot of light in at the top and bottom , so if you 're trying to block light in your bedroom , this is not the best rod for the job . Also not the best rod if you 're trying to insulate an old drafty window with heavy curtains.Another annoying thing is that the edges of the two halves of each rod do n't have a plastic cover on them like other telescoping rods do , so when you pull the curtain against the edge , it catches it , and if it 's a delicate sheer , it can even tear it.There are probably more things on my list but I 'll stop here and just say that this is a very , very frustrating curtain rod . I 'm not giving it one star just because it has n't utterly collapsed in my hands , but it 's just barely a two .
 No instructions , feel miserable to install . Can find a two-dollar one in the dollar store . I do not recommend it .
 They send me other item and they do n't take care to my problem , i feel defrauded
 I am not an expert in heating and ventilation and sure enough do n't know much about bathroom fans . Never got around to testing the unit simply because it did n't fit our vent pipe in the bathroom . The shape of the pipe was n't mentioned in the item description . This particular fan has round pipe and the one I have in my bath is square , of course . Does n't take genius to realize that round and square do n't go together for a proper fit ...
 The glass does not fit over the base so the glass barely stays on the light . The base that is supposed to support the glass is crooked so any attempt to put the glass on the base does n't work since it falls over or tilts . It 's completely unattached and unsafe . It 's cheaply made too - made in china . I bought this for my kid 's nursery and there 's no way I can use the light when the glass does n't fit over the base and it 's about to tip over.Also , this barely lights up the room - it takes a nightlight to work and does n't give off much light .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 It doesnt look anything like the picture . it looks extremely fake , i think i could of have done it better my self ! .
 While this did n't cost much -LRB- $ .01 + cheap shipping -RRB- , the picture is extremely misleading as to what this item is/how it works.Not happy with this , however it 's just not worth the time/effort to worry about returning it . Had I known what this actually looked like I would not have purchased it .
 When I bought this , it had almost 50 reviews and 4 stars . The picture looked decent too , so I figured it must be good , however what I received is complete garbage.The actual coloring does n't look like the picture at all , it has white from the material coming through the paint everywhere and looks nothing like any rock I 've ever seen , so it would certainly stand out against others stones in a group . If left outside against the elements , I doubt the paint would hold up more than 1 year.The key compartment has a clever fit , however there is no rubber seal to protect it against rain , dew or bugs.All and all , this was a complete waste of money , and I would have sent it back , but I was in the middle of a busy time at work and forgot about it until after my exchange period had ended . Do n't waste your money on this junk .
 the item pictured is a realistic looking rock . The one i got looks more like something made in a grade school art class . It is however passable if placed somewere not obvious . It would work if no one was looking for it
 It really looks totally different than the picture . The bottom is flat with a white plastic piece that you remove with your thumbnail to reveal the key -LRB- s -RRB- . Why do n't I just leave the key on the front porch to eliminate any confusion at all ???
 You would need to reattach it at times for the air to start flowing and the needle in the chuck sticks in the open position , so when you remove it from your tyre , air keeps flowing out of the chuck instead of sealing itself off . .
 RUN AWAY FROM THIS VENDOR , YOU ARE TAKING A SERIOUS RISK BUYING FROM THEM . I would like to seriously complain about this vendor The furnace filter I ordered said it was the right size on the label however it was much much smaller than it said and did not fit . When I complained to the Filters Now people they were NOT helpful at all about me sending it back . They told me i would have to pay return shipping which is considerable since the boxes are huge . I explained that I did not order the wrong size . that the product that arrived was not what it should have been and that I shouldnt have to pay for their mistake . They did not care at all about the misrepresentation of the filters . I expected when I ordered a particular size and they supposedly sent that size that the filter should be the size it says . They explained that they undercut the sizes and I Understand that , however it was so undercut that the filter was flying around in the filter box . It was ridiculously small . BUYER BEWARE when dealing with them . I noticed they have been receiving other negative remarks lately . I wish I payed attention to the comments before i bought . I would never do business with them again .
 We 've been using Dewalt for many years . The pin holding the blade on the 6 year old 18v Dewalt recip saw broke . I was in a panic and could not find 18v Dewalt recip outside of a kit . I said to myself if I 'm buying a kit I going to spend the extra for Milwaukee . The kit cost $ 100.00 more than a the same Dewalt kit.PositvesThe circ saw . It is better than the Dewalt less clunky the guide mark on the base is fabulous and the trigger lock takes less movement to disengage it.I like the recip saw it is 1/4 smaller than the Dewalt and it has a faster blade speed . The lighter weigh has me wondering about the durability . It has the same blade lock as other Milwaukee saws which is good.The battery indicator is nice but we keep forgetting to use it ... old dogs trying to learn new tricks ... NegativesWe find the battery life and the charging time is not any better than the 18V XRPWe use Dewalt to 18v 759 Drill with hole saws up to 3 1/2 '' , they stall many times and get hot but in 3 years we 've not burned one out ... yet . Tried the Milwaukee with a 3 1/4 '' hole saw , after 15 second and one stall smoke poured out of it ... quickly changed to the Dewalt to finish the hole . Makes no sense to have a 1/2 chuck on this drill.The Dewalt flashlight with the flex head is much betterI recommend other Milwaukee tools but not to sure about this kit . I 'll have to look into the cost of the batteries and chargers . I have n't been disappointed with a set of tools in a long time .
 It would be marvelous if this expensive had some specs . Like - what is the power source ! No power cord is shown and no batteries?Sloppy sloppy sloppy doesnt make for good sales.I would think the manufacturers would want to protect their products with a bit of attention.Actually , I find some few of the products here on Amazon are very poorly described . I hope that no one is surprised when sales are low .
 Do n't waste your time !! This product is over priced . I returned the lamp , very disappointed .
 This product has too much alcohol and it makes my glasses smudged . I need to wape my glasses with tissues one more time to clear the smudges . : - -LRB-
 I tried this for a basement sink to provide a supplementary vent for the drain line . It simply did n't work . The ` valve ' in the vent requires too much suction to open to work as described . The sink drained slowly , when I unscrewed the Sure Vent I heard the air rushing in and the drain water flowed smoothly . Nice idea but it did n't work for me .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 The wrong set was sent . Although the invoice contained the correct model number , the box clearly identified the included set as a passage lock rather than the privacy lock I ordered . Additionally , the handle was dented . The denting may have happened during transit , but I was unable to determine this with an certainty .
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 These lasted 2 weeks . Very expensive for 14 days of use.I would not recommend these . Go with the Mechanix brand .
 I ordered these gloves several days BEFORE hurricane Isaac hit louisiana because I knew I would need them for cleanup . I payed for 2 day shipping and they did NOT arrive on time . Now , due to UPS tracking , all deliveries are delayed for nearly a week . I 'm quite aggravated.I would contact seller for a refund on shipping cost , although I cant seem to find contact info . So instead , all I can do is give a bad review . I would not recommend buying from this seller if you need these gloves ASAP . It cost over ten dollars for quick shipping and it looks like I 'm out of luck . Even got my hand slashed open yesterday , cutting downed trees , because of a lack of gloves.I will rewrite this review when I finally recieve the gloves to speak of the quality , or if this seller decides to refund my shipping costs .
 I have owned many pairs of Mechanix gloves before and have been extremely satisfied with all except for this pair . Within two weeks of ware , both index fingers blew out . The stitching came apart and the material on the thumbs and finger tips began to ware and eventually I owned fingerless gloves . Really disappointed in these gloves and wish I still had my receipt so I could exchange them but I just coughed this up as a lesson learned . If you do n't plan on doing any mechanical work , these gloves may work out good for you .
 The fit was perfect , they felt great right off . but after Using the gloves for 20 minutes throwing bricks and rubble around three of the ten finger tip seam 's broke apart and I can no longer use them because if I try my fingers will just get cut up ... not why I bought these gloves .
 The tube holding the rods was completely broken - I should not be paying for damaged goods . Additionally , flux had broken off and was dusting everywhere .
 Would love to be able to rate these , but did not get them in my shipment even though Amazon thought I did . They refunded me the cost of this item , but could not replace . Not happy !! I really needed them to finish putting up the shelves in my cabinets !! Would like to rate Amazon on this but ca n't find where I 'm supposed to be able to do that !!
 Not like the hook and eye latches on my grandparents screen door . Much shorter than I expected . I made it work but was disappointed .
 I have owned many pairs of Mechanix gloves before and have been extremely satisfied with all except for this pair . Within two weeks of ware , both index fingers blew out . The stitching came apart and the material on the thumbs and finger tips began to ware and eventually I owned fingerless gloves . Really disappointed in these gloves and wish I still had my receipt so I could exchange them but I just coughed this up as a lesson learned . If you do n't plan on doing any mechanical work , these gloves may work out good for you .
 The fit was perfect , they felt great right off . but after Using the gloves for 20 minutes throwing bricks and rubble around three of the ten finger tip seam 's broke apart and I can no longer use them because if I try my fingers will just get cut up ... not why I bought these gloves .
 These lasted 2 weeks . Very expensive for 14 days of use.I would not recommend these . Go with the Mechanix brand .
 I ordered these gloves several days BEFORE hurricane Isaac hit louisiana because I knew I would need them for cleanup . I payed for 2 day shipping and they did NOT arrive on time . Now , due to UPS tracking , all deliveries are delayed for nearly a week . I 'm quite aggravated.I would contact seller for a refund on shipping cost , although I cant seem to find contact info . So instead , all I can do is give a bad review . I would not recommend buying from this seller if you need these gloves ASAP . It cost over ten dollars for quick shipping and it looks like I 'm out of luck . Even got my hand slashed open yesterday , cutting downed trees , because of a lack of gloves.I will rewrite this review when I finally recieve the gloves to speak of the quality , or if this seller decides to refund my shipping costs .
 The 40-134 came in a timely manner . My problem is 80 % of the pins are completly mixed up . I have been rekeying for 18 years now and know how to open and work with rekeying kits . This is a joke !
 I had the same experience with the 40-134 kit that was described in Lee 's review . The pins and other small parts were all mixed up .
 I ordered this kit on a Thursday because my old one was stolen when someone broke into my truck that afternoon . When ordering , I paid almost $ 20 extra for overnight shipping since the materials in the kit are essential to my job as a locksmith.To my surprise , I received an e-mail from Amazon -LRB- at 4 AM Eastern Time -RRB- the next morning , stating that the kit was not in stock and would be shipped when back in stock . At 8 AM EDT , when I called Amazon 's Customer Service , the kit was -LRB- miraculously -RRB- back in stock and would be shipped that day and I would be refunded the charge for overnight shipping . Needless to say , the kit was NOT shipped until the following day . With the weekend intervening , I did NOT RECEIVE THE KIT UNTIL MONDAY!Even though Amazon refunded the overnight shipping charges , I was unable to work for almost FIVE days because replacement of an essential tool was mis-handled by Amazon.While the kit does what it is supposed to do , poor service from Amazon does not rate even the one star I left.Amazon has lost a customer , and I will not hesitate to let others know about Amazon 's shoddy service .
 Easy to assemble once you put a huge hole in the door - was looking for a privacy lock for my room and this had the same dimensions as my passage door knob so I bought it but it requires a huge hole in the wall - Schlage products are a huge pain to buy here in Australia as no one seems to stock them so this is disappointing and will sit in my shed until I can use it for something else .
 I was expecting these to arrive in the well-known blue packaging one sees in the retail stores . Instead , I got stock packed in dirty , shop-worn cardboard boxes , dated 2009 . Although they appeared to be Schlage knobs , there was another company name stamped on the boxes as well . It makes me wonder if this was old stock that was originally packed for and provided to another company 's warehouse . I would have returned them but did n't have time to order more because the installation date on the new doors was fast closing in .
 I ordered these gloves several days BEFORE hurricane Isaac hit louisiana because I knew I would need them for cleanup . I payed for 2 day shipping and they did NOT arrive on time . Now , due to UPS tracking , all deliveries are delayed for nearly a week . I 'm quite aggravated.I would contact seller for a refund on shipping cost , although I cant seem to find contact info . So instead , all I can do is give a bad review . I would not recommend buying from this seller if you need these gloves ASAP . It cost over ten dollars for quick shipping and it looks like I 'm out of luck . Even got my hand slashed open yesterday , cutting downed trees , because of a lack of gloves.I will rewrite this review when I finally recieve the gloves to speak of the quality , or if this seller decides to refund my shipping costs .
 These lasted 2 weeks . Very expensive for 14 days of use.I would not recommend these . Go with the Mechanix brand .
 I have owned many pairs of Mechanix gloves before and have been extremely satisfied with all except for this pair . Within two weeks of ware , both index fingers blew out . The stitching came apart and the material on the thumbs and finger tips began to ware and eventually I owned fingerless gloves . Really disappointed in these gloves and wish I still had my receipt so I could exchange them but I just coughed this up as a lesson learned . If you do n't plan on doing any mechanical work , these gloves may work out good for you .
 The fit was perfect , they felt great right off . but after Using the gloves for 20 minutes throwing bricks and rubble around three of the ten finger tip seam 's broke apart and I can no longer use them because if I try my fingers will just get cut up ... not why I bought these gloves .
 I am sorely disappointed in my Luxo KFM purchase . I had a Luxo `` back in the day '' -LRB- around 1990 -RRB- and the thing was built like a tank . This new one is on my workbench screaming `` Cheap Chinese Crap ! I 'm Cheap Chinese Crap ! `` Credit where it is due , the lamp turns on , and the magnifier does n't have any optical defects I can see with the naked eye . However , the joints in the arm are loose and nearly impossible to snug up sufficiently to keep them still . The clamp-on base has a cheap screw that runs rough , and the tightening arm is too short . I suspect that 's to keep someone from wringing the screw off . Additionally , the socket for the lamp to sit in is far too big , so the lamp literally wobbles in the socket . To top it off , the internal spring that holds the arm in place was broken off inside somewhere , so the whole thing flops around . My only guess is that the QC Dept. was on break when this one came off the line.Not worth what you 're going to pay for it , even if the spring is n't broken . I 'd try a different brand , though I do n't know which one . This thing is getting returned .
 I have owned many pairs of Mechanix gloves before and have been extremely satisfied with all except for this pair . Within two weeks of ware , both index fingers blew out . The stitching came apart and the material on the thumbs and finger tips began to ware and eventually I owned fingerless gloves . Really disappointed in these gloves and wish I still had my receipt so I could exchange them but I just coughed this up as a lesson learned . If you do n't plan on doing any mechanical work , these gloves may work out good for you .
 The fit was perfect , they felt great right off . but after Using the gloves for 20 minutes throwing bricks and rubble around three of the ten finger tip seam 's broke apart and I can no longer use them because if I try my fingers will just get cut up ... not why I bought these gloves .
 These lasted 2 weeks . Very expensive for 14 days of use.I would not recommend these . Go with the Mechanix brand .
 I ordered these gloves several days BEFORE hurricane Isaac hit louisiana because I knew I would need them for cleanup . I payed for 2 day shipping and they did NOT arrive on time . Now , due to UPS tracking , all deliveries are delayed for nearly a week . I 'm quite aggravated.I would contact seller for a refund on shipping cost , although I cant seem to find contact info . So instead , all I can do is give a bad review . I would not recommend buying from this seller if you need these gloves ASAP . It cost over ten dollars for quick shipping and it looks like I 'm out of luck . Even got my hand slashed open yesterday , cutting downed trees , because of a lack of gloves.I will rewrite this review when I finally recieve the gloves to speak of the quality , or if this seller decides to refund my shipping costs .
 I ordered these stakes on Dec 6th and was told they would be at my house by Dec 13th . I did not receive them until Dec 19 which left me not very much time to display my Christmas lights . The stakes worked well except for a few of them that were defective stakes . I would not do business with them again .
 Very difficult to work with or form to the surface being covered . Might be fine for straight valleys but not recommended for irregular surfaces .
 I ordered these gloves several days BEFORE hurricane Isaac hit louisiana because I knew I would need them for cleanup . I payed for 2 day shipping and they did NOT arrive on time . Now , due to UPS tracking , all deliveries are delayed for nearly a week . I 'm quite aggravated.I would contact seller for a refund on shipping cost , although I cant seem to find contact info . So instead , all I can do is give a bad review . I would not recommend buying from this seller if you need these gloves ASAP . It cost over ten dollars for quick shipping and it looks like I 'm out of luck . Even got my hand slashed open yesterday , cutting downed trees , because of a lack of gloves.I will rewrite this review when I finally recieve the gloves to speak of the quality , or if this seller decides to refund my shipping costs .
 These lasted 2 weeks . Very expensive for 14 days of use.I would not recommend these . Go with the Mechanix brand .
 I have owned many pairs of Mechanix gloves before and have been extremely satisfied with all except for this pair . Within two weeks of ware , both index fingers blew out . The stitching came apart and the material on the thumbs and finger tips began to ware and eventually I owned fingerless gloves . Really disappointed in these gloves and wish I still had my receipt so I could exchange them but I just coughed this up as a lesson learned . If you do n't plan on doing any mechanical work , these gloves may work out good for you .
 The fit was perfect , they felt great right off . but after Using the gloves for 20 minutes throwing bricks and rubble around three of the ten finger tip seam 's broke apart and I can no longer use them because if I try my fingers will just get cut up ... not why I bought these gloves .
 Go for the better quality . These are too cheap and I 'm sorry I took the cheap route . I have n't even bothered to put these in service . They fall apart just by looking at them .
 This seat cover is crap ! The paper falls apart and if there is any moisture on your skin it sticks to you and The paper disintegrates . It is next to impossible to get it off your skin .
 What can I say about this ... hummm ... . it does what it is supposed to do . It is a bit thin , and yes if there is moisture , - the paper rips , but in the long-run , it conserves by not having to use toilet paper . I like it , this is my sec time ordering it , first time I ordered was May 2011 , and its lasted me that long ... its good ! -LRB- I recommend for home use , if you have multiple people using the same toilet -RRB- - its a regular , disposable seat cover . It works!UPDATE
 I know that this is a very commonly used item with most framers , but being a G/C myself , I would n't use these again . Although very easy to use -LRB- much easier than cutting wood blocking -RRB- , it leaves an unsettling hum whenever someone jumps on the floor above . Unless you are using insulation in all your floors , I would n't recommend this bridging .
 Made in Canada , very poorly . Waste of time and money , can not install a 7 foot piece and maintain an even reveal without ripple in material . Plus the nails supplied with a 17 foot kit are only enough to install 13 feet.What a joke the Dennis company is for selling such a product
 This is made by WJ Dennis . It is NOT the standard v-shape weather stripping . It should work , but do not expect to receive what is advertised . The real v-shaped weather strip -LRB- spring metal -RRB- can not be rolled up.http : / / www.wjdennis-rcr.com/Products/Weatherstripping/DoorSets.aspx
 This produce was NOT 1 1/2 inches wide but 1 1/8 inches and it was clearly marked as such on the package . I had to return it and I was NOT happy .
 I ordered these gloves several days BEFORE hurricane Isaac hit louisiana because I knew I would need them for cleanup . I payed for 2 day shipping and they did NOT arrive on time . Now , due to UPS tracking , all deliveries are delayed for nearly a week . I 'm quite aggravated.I would contact seller for a refund on shipping cost , although I cant seem to find contact info . So instead , all I can do is give a bad review . I would not recommend buying from this seller if you need these gloves ASAP . It cost over ten dollars for quick shipping and it looks like I 'm out of luck . Even got my hand slashed open yesterday , cutting downed trees , because of a lack of gloves.I will rewrite this review when I finally recieve the gloves to speak of the quality , or if this seller decides to refund my shipping costs .
 These lasted 2 weeks . Very expensive for 14 days of use.I would not recommend these . Go with the Mechanix brand .
 I have owned many pairs of Mechanix gloves before and have been extremely satisfied with all except for this pair . Within two weeks of ware , both index fingers blew out . The stitching came apart and the material on the thumbs and finger tips began to ware and eventually I owned fingerless gloves . Really disappointed in these gloves and wish I still had my receipt so I could exchange them but I just coughed this up as a lesson learned . If you do n't plan on doing any mechanical work , these gloves may work out good for you .
 The fit was perfect , they felt great right off . but after Using the gloves for 20 minutes throwing bricks and rubble around three of the ten finger tip seam 's broke apart and I can no longer use them because if I try my fingers will just get cut up ... not why I bought these gloves .
 The adhesive comes off too fast . This did n't last a day . Itcame off the door in an instant .
 I buy these specific ear plugs regularly and find them very comfortable and effective -- easily among the best I 've found for sleeping . However , I 'm giving this transaction a one-star rating because of how much I was charged by the Amazon affiliate that handled this transaction -LRB- Farmhardware -RRB- . The price quoted was $ 25.43 for the earplugs themselves -- a great price -- but the vendor charged $ 15.00 to ship them by UPS ground -LRB- a nearly 60 percent markup -RRB- . That 's outrageous for a small package that weighed next to nothing . Moreover , Farmhardware did n't even ship the order until four days after I placed it . Slow service + excessive shipping charges = one dissatisfied customer.Admittedly , I erred in not paying closer attention to how much I was being charged before submitting my order . As this was part of a larger order involving multiple affiliates , I failed to check the shipping charges for each individual item as closely as I should have . Moral of the story
 I have owned many pairs of Mechanix gloves before and have been extremely satisfied with all except for this pair . Within two weeks of ware , both index fingers blew out . The stitching came apart and the material on the thumbs and finger tips began to ware and eventually I owned fingerless gloves . Really disappointed in these gloves and wish I still had my receipt so I could exchange them but I just coughed this up as a lesson learned . If you do n't plan on doing any mechanical work , these gloves may work out good for you .
 The fit was perfect , they felt great right off . but after Using the gloves for 20 minutes throwing bricks and rubble around three of the ten finger tip seam 's broke apart and I can no longer use them because if I try my fingers will just get cut up ... not why I bought these gloves .
 These lasted 2 weeks . Very expensive for 14 days of use.I would not recommend these . Go with the Mechanix brand .
 I ordered these gloves several days BEFORE hurricane Isaac hit louisiana because I knew I would need them for cleanup . I payed for 2 day shipping and they did NOT arrive on time . Now , due to UPS tracking , all deliveries are delayed for nearly a week . I 'm quite aggravated.I would contact seller for a refund on shipping cost , although I cant seem to find contact info . So instead , all I can do is give a bad review . I would not recommend buying from this seller if you need these gloves ASAP . It cost over ten dollars for quick shipping and it looks like I 'm out of luck . Even got my hand slashed open yesterday , cutting downed trees , because of a lack of gloves.I will rewrite this review when I finally recieve the gloves to speak of the quality , or if this seller decides to refund my shipping costs .
 I was robbed ! THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP ! Was not worth $ 60 ... REALLY ???? If I could give it minus 5 stars , thats what I would of given it .
 I 've got completely different guides , all made from plastic , without metal base as on seller 's picture . I publish the photo of what I 've received . The package , however , was delivered ahead of scheduled time . I put two starts because the right and good quality picture of a stuff you are buying over the internet is the most important part of its description .
 The little tabs that hold this piece of junk in the fixture trap it in and are impossible to not break off when removing them to simply change the bulb . It is not just the fault of the trim but the whole fixture . I would steer away from the Sea Gull Lighting 9452-15 Ambiance LX Disk Light Piece of Crap and find another fixture that allows the bulbs to be changed without having to buy a new trim piece every time .
 I purchased these goggles after I had Lasik . I wore them once during Karate just for a little protection for my eyes . Not meant for full force blow to the head . I had them on for about 2 minutes and moisture started to build up inside the goggles which made it hard to see . I would not purchase these . . I was inside and had moisture build up .
 Hand held transmitters work better than the command center device . Unit is not portable , requiring the transformer plugged into a 110vac source . Range allot less than advertised . Could n't get it to work to turn on Xmas tree , yet hand held unit would . Returned unit
 This device is too complicated . I was never able to get it to work properly . Previously I had a remote light timer from Radio shack that was simple to use but unfortunatley the display died . They do not sell them any more.The instructions for this device are not very helpful .
 This product did not work at all . Discovered from Heath Zenith that Amazon stocks older products that do not word as they should . I had to return the one I received to the Heath Zenith to be replaced with a newer one that had all the problems resolved . The replacemenmt works fine .
 It was my Christmas present . I 'm really into black and white cows . But the decals on the legs came off the first time water , in the form of rain , hit it . A legless cow just does n't do it for me .
 Got one as a gift and it only worked once in a while . Got a replacement and that one did not work at all . The quality is just very very poor . Cute though , had it worked .
 Worked for a week called Eco they sent new battery and it still does n't work . Have to send it back now plus pay shipping back .
 it is gorgeous , but after one season I can not get the light to power or light at all ...
 But it only worked once . I gave it as a gift to to my Mother for her wonderful Garden . Very disappointed that it has not worked since .
 These Fairies are lovely in appearance , but Echo makes an inferior product . I have purchased 14 so far as I use them to light up a Chartres labyrinth that I made and five of the 14 do not work . Two were broken when I got them -- one of these was my recent purchases from Amazon.I had an electrician friend look at one that stopped working shortly after I had it and he was not impressed with the workmanship on these . He was not able to repair it . I tried contacting Echo with limited success -- their comment was that I did n't purchase the lights from them so I needed to go back to the source , but they took no ownership for problems.Of the 5 I purchased from Amazon , 1 was broken and two others had globes that were loose -- one it looked like the glue had not worked and the other one had no glue on it at all.If I did n't like the looks of these on my labyrinth I would be looking for alternatives as I have not been impressed with the workmanship on the solar part of them .
 I ordered this item and i took awhile for me to get it . Even then i did n't receive it . i had to call and see what was taking so long and they told me it would n't be in stock till the end of the next month ! it still said in stock on their site ! unacceptable .
 Received as gift because I collect solar garden items . This never worked nor was I able to repair it . -LRB- Vendor also never responded to email . -RRB-
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 If you are looking for a quality rubber hose , this is not it . I have one of those quality natural rubber hoses from over 10 years ago , and it is great . I have yet to find those anymore.This one is a somewhat cheap , multi-ply construction hose with a thin rubber coating . It is more flexible than the cheap vinyl hoses . The male end of the hose is one of those mega-cheap pressed/stamped fittings.The color in the photo looks like the natural rubber hose I 've had for years , but in real life , it is a bright red-red , like the color of the prices listed here on Amazon . It looks like it will oxidize and mar leaving red marks which is another reason why I like natural rubber . I have -LRB- and hate -RRB- a Craftsman rubber hose that I have because of all the black marks it makes while dragging it across or against anything.I would definitely not consider this `` Commercial Duty '' but , on the plus side , the inside is not ribbed -LRB- kink-free -RRB- which I prefer . That way , you can cut off the bad fittings once they fail and repair them with proper machined brass fittings.Time will tell how long this lasts , but my expectations are not high .
 I bought this hose about two weeks ago . First three days it worked fine , no leaks . Then the hose 's male end developed a leak . First I thought that the washer was faulty , but no such luck . The leak is in the crimp that holds the skinny brass tread-piece to the hose . I guess I will have to return this . The saddest part of all - the product is made in the U.S.A.
 I needed an industrial-type hose and thought this would be the perfect `` leak-free '' hose to use indoors where you ca n't afford a cheap leaker . It was said to be made in the USA too ! -LRB- it 's a sad testament to our quality control . -RRB- It is plenty thick - a good feature , but the connectors are thin and cheap . As soon as I unwrapped the new hose and installed it I connected a trigger sprayer . I turned the water on and got a shower from the poorly done crimp on the female end . There was no way to stop the leak and it was a gusher . Rather than sending it back which is a bother , -LRB- and I know Amazon would make it good -RRB- instead , I bought a brass hose repair kit -LRB- which cost more than the hose -RRB- and fixed it . I 'm afraid this was one of those products that was assembled with shoddy workmanship ... be warned , it 's probably like our American automobiles - there 's likely a lemon in every group .
 I returned the hook because I was not happy with the color.I wanted a true bronze color , not black .
 Our whole bathroom is done in oil rubbed bronze and somehow this does n't match . The color is dark & flat . Would not buy again - if I could return it I would . As far as quality , it 's sturdy .
 I originally bought two of these rings for use in my unfinished yet sound-proofed basement thinking that they would class it up a bit . From the picture it looked like rope could easily slide through the rings , having them act like fancy looking pulleys - perfect ! I thought , now my `` guests '' wo n't be as taken aback . However , at precisely the most inopportune time -LRB- i.e. , just has Harold was weighing the consequences of using the safe word -RRB- the rings broke ! :--LRB- The mounts stayed strong into the wall -LRB- I had used 10 gauge concrete anchors -RRB- , but the rings themselves seemed to have bent at the connection point where they go into the mount.Aesthetically , they were beautiful - perfectly complementing the leather studs on the table an other accessories ;--RRB- - but alas , I can not recommend due to the inferior strength .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 The finish is not oil rubbed bronze , but rather black metal -- be cautious if you 're trying to pair with other oil rubbed bronze finishes , as you 'll have a noticable disparity . Product should be retitled in terms of finish .
 The color bronze was more black than bronze . I returned the hook because I was not happy with the color .
 I orderred this item and the suggested t/p roll holder because they were suggested as matches for a really beautiful towel bar that I got for a great deal . These items are not oil rubbed bronze , the are very dark solid brown . No color variation like it should have . Does n't match at all .
 -LRB- Disclaimer
 This has to be the driest soil ever ... It does not hold moisture at all !!! After one hour of watering , the soil started to dry up and has sandy texture . The regular miracle-gro soil works better than this organic one . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 To make a long story short - this soil contains compost which likely comes from yard waste , and there 's no telling where that yard waste came from or what was used on it . If you are using this soil to grow food , this may be of concern to you . ----------------------------------------- Like another reviewer , I also found all kinds of surprises in my Miracle-Gro Organic Choice Soil . I used a 1/2 '' sifter to break up the clumps and although it was certainly not as bad as some other big-box compost mixes , I still found , in about 4.5 cubic feet of soil : A plastic pellet from a pellet gun , and a piece of another oneSome green tinfoil that looked like maybe part of a gum wrapper - 2 piecesA small piece of opaque blue plasticA small piece of broken plastic mirror3 pieces of glassVarious small bits of unidentifiable clear plastic - maybe 5 or 6Several paint chipsI have a feeling their definition of `` organic '' is `` We did n't put Miracle-Gro '' in it . Granted , the total volume of foreign material found was pretty small compared to the volume of soil but still indicates that the source of the compost may not actually be organic . Also , I did n't find a single rock in all of that soil . ------------------------------------------------- I contacted Miracle-Gro by live chat on their website.After a bunch of back and forth and being offered a refund , I pressed the question of whether it was actually organic at which point the agent said this : Joseph
 I bought the whole set of Moen with acrylic accent ring . The towel ring is flimsy and made of plastic . The rest of the set is made of metal but looks really cheap . I 'm getting rid of all of it . Do n't waste your money .
 I was very disappointed when we received this . Moen is typically a solid brand known for quality . This item showed up and was very flimsy and did not have the weight I would expect from Moen products . I fear my kids are going to break it easily . Toilet paper falls off it constantly . They needed to put a better bend on the end to help hold the roll on . Not great from my perspective .
 We had previously bought a PricePfister -LRB- PP -RRB- that looked similar but it was more money . So we thought we 'd save a little money and order this one . We sent it back ! I 'm sure it would work , but it had a squeak and it was much thinner/flimsy ` er than the PP . Had we not already had the PP one , we may have liked this one -LRB- after a little WD-40 -RRB-
 I returned the hook because I was not happy with the color.I wanted a true bronze color , not black .
 I received this and immediately thought the wrong one was shipped . It was a dark gray color and no where near the oil rubbed bronze finish . I checked the packaging and it even said oil rubbed bronze . Surely I received a manufacturer screw-up b/c no one else has mentioned how much the color is off .
 After fighting with this item for the past 10 months trying to get it to stay in one place , I have given up . The spindle kept spinning around the device will not stay tight on the wall the the hook finally fell off with no way to put it back on . All in all I would consider this a piece of junk and not worth the money .
 The rod on this towel bar is very weak and bends with any pressure applied . I doubt it will last very long . The brushed nickle looks great , but the bar feels very cheap .
 This product is just OK . It does n't present rich look . Its simple . For a lower price , you can find very nice sturdy and rich items in TJMaxx homegoods store . If you love your home very much and plan on rich fixtures , this is not for you.However fixing these was easy . I dont blame their quality but the looks is that that great .
 Instructions do not specify drill bit size . The whole I drilled -LRB- had to estimate -RRB- was too big so the rack keeps coming loose ... will have to patch those wholes an drill new , smaller ones to fix .
 This snake bite kit shows as a Cutter brand and it was NOT a Cutter brand . A total rip off.Absolutley NOT what they advertised.Completely fake and false.Bait and switch .
 The pins that fasten the stabilizer to the ladder do fasten the two together , however , being pins only , they allow the stabilizer to slide recklessly from left to right . For me , especially at heights , this can be terribly disconcerting . As a builder I 've used and owned far better stabilizers that do n't shake and bounce like this and I 'm quite surprised this one is so popular . Overall , while well made , I think it 's poorly designed and unpleasant to use . I give it a two-star for the quality materials but I would not recommend this tool .
 Arrived and returned the next day . This unit is 100 % unreliable , only picking up voltage `` once in a while '' until in direct contact with a live COPPER wire . Inside the breaker box , it would sound 1 of 10 times while on the main 220v feed into the house ! Live NM wire ... good luck!DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !
 A previous reviewer wrote that this tool was not contractor grade . I would say that this is an understatement
 I was looking for a non contact voltage reader and decided to buy it . It worked for few times and then the top red cover came out and it stopped working . This happened right after amazon 's return window . Now I have to buy another one which works .
 I bought this item for a small electrical job at home , I ca n't believe Amazon sells this type of junk , not only it is cheaply made but is also dangerous to use , it does not work most of the time . My advise ; go to home depot and buy a 10 dollar one . They are nice hefty and durable unlike this piece of ...
 I 'm having to purchase a replacement for the `` Reliance Volt Snooper '' since the red plastic nose cap keeps coming off . Tape helps , but the cap is spring loaded and eventually works it 's way out . Also , very rarely will it pick up current without direct contact . Trust another brand !
 So it does what it claims . What it does not say , how poor the sensitivity is . It 's usable , but just barely . I do n't think it 's really worth the money . It works better with 220V than 110 . Put next to a live insulated wire it will chirp an light . However , if testing a wall socket , forget it . The socket 's live metal parts are just too far back to activate it .
 This towel bar has a cheap brass color - not the color of good quality brass .
 Seriously . For me at least.The little screw on the bottom gets loose in about one a week . This thing is constantly falling off the wall . Same thing with the matching toilet paper holder . Just hate these things.I 'm not a DIY expert , so I just prefer the ones that you install with the screw head showing , instead of mounting , twisting , aligning , and trying to tighten the microscopic screw on the bottom . I hate that little tiny stupid screw .
 I ordered 2 of these same items . One had the set screw on the bottom of both mounts . The second one -LRB- identical -RRB- had the set screw - one on the bottom and the other on top . I was unable to access the set screw on the second bar due to an existing medicine cabinet . If I had not ordered 2 of the same orders - I might not have known it was a manufacturer 's mistake . Big dissapointment & aggravation in having to repackage and re-ship item back . Will wait to return in case I have to interchange mounts . NICE towel bars , have the 24 '' also , just make sure you have the proper mounts - they should have the set screw on the bottom of each side .
 Tiny screws on each mounting bracket require a jewelry screwdriver . And only the one minuscule screw secures the wall bracket to bar mounts on each side . Also , one of the screws was nearly impossible to loosen . Quality is not impressive .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I really liked the looks and functionality of this faucet but the honeymoon was short . The swivel at the head of the pulldown started leaking after just a few months . I repaired it -LRB- it was due to a worn o-ring -RRB- but it started leaking again . I called Kohler and they sent me a new head and hose . The support was great -LRB- the faucet has a lifetime warranty -RRB- , unfortunately the faucet started leaking again after the second repair.My sister-in-law just remodeled her kitchen and installed the same faucet . We were visiting and I asked how she likes it . She said , `` I love it but it is leaking '' . I took a look and her 's is leaking in the same place as mine . I think the problem is due to improper plating of the ball swivel . It is partially chrome plated but because they did not plate the whole ball , the edge of the chrome -LRB- between where there is chrome and no chrome -RRB- catches on the o-ring and the unplated part is not smooth . These two combine to cause premature wear to the o-ring , causing it to leak . This is unacceptable in a faucet that costs over $ 500 . Also , when the faucet leaks , the water backs up the neck and drips into your base cabinet , ruining the wood . I am forced to leave the head pulled down an inch , so the water drips into the sink rather than backing up into the cabinet . The head looks terrible hanging down that way . A lifetime warranty does no good if you have to repair the darn thing every 3 months . If they fixed this problem , I 'd give the faucet a 5 but with it only lasting 3 mo. between repairs , it gets a 1 .
 From various sources I gathered that Kohler produces high quality products . I bought the Vinnata believing that for the premium I am paying I will get an outstanding faucet with impeccable workmanship . Unfortunately the Vinnata turned out to be a disappointment . Within weeks of installation the half dome-shaped cap that sits between the handle and the body of the faucet came loose . It did n't leak , but it annoying moved loosely every time I turned on the water or adjusted the temperature . At first I thought it was faulty installation , but after the plumber returned to inspect it he declared that `` it 's just the way it was designed . '' Apparently all he had to do to remedy this was to force the cap to snap into place . He then advised me to avoid touching/moving the cap to minimize recurrence . I 've followed his advise , but I have no doubt that at some future time the cap will snap off just as easily as it snapped back on.For such a `` high-end '' product with an ultra price premium , one would reasonably expect PERFECT workmanship . That the Vinnata failed to meet basic quality standards renders this faucet sub-par and over-priced -LRB- I would have given it three stars if it were n't priced so richly -RRB- . I most definitely would not pay up for Kohler ever again .
 We bought a new home that already had this facuet installed . I did not like it from the start and my wife loved it . I was right ! I am having the same problem as Lexy . The hub that covers the handle comes off and when you put it back on it keeps repeating . The house is under warranty and they sent a plumber to check it and he said there is nothing wrong . Right ! Save your money and buy some other facuet . You can find better quality for a lot less money . Hope this helps someone . Bob
 I did not purchase this faucet through Amazon , but I did have one installed in our mega kitchen remod nearly four years ago . This faucet for the premium is a piece of junk . First it started leaking around the push button for the spray adjustment within the first year . In the last year or so it has started to leak around the pivot connection on the faucet head.Finally I tried to fix it the other night . And bam I over tightened the faucet head and CRACK . The head of the faucet despite the nice Brushed Nickel finish is nothing but cheap-@ss plastic internally.Kohler is living off their name . JUNK!Kohler parts direct wants over $ 300 just for a replacement head . If thing had any real quality I might consider it , but for that price I think I am going to try a different faucet .
 I have a K-690 and it leaks at the handle . I 've messed with it over and replace the valve which costs $ 15.20 from Kohler but it still leaks . Usually it is a slow drip but it varies depending on how long you 've been letting it run . The rubber seals inside just do n't seem substantial enough . There is too much plastic and not enough rubber to make a good seal . You can crank down the nut that hold the valve in place but it never gets a good seal.I would n't buy one again and now I may have to find a replacement . I 'm going to let a plumber take a look at it but if it starts leaking again , that 's then end of Kohler for me .
 I had this faucet installed when we remodeled our kitchen in 2003 . It was brand new then . I loved the faucet 's looks and functionality but ... I have had to replace or repair the inards/cartridge twice in the last 8 years . My faucet leaks under the handle . I thought it was just me with my wet hands dripping down but after reading the reviews here I now know it 's not me and my wet hands . I had the faucet repaired 2-3 years ago . I am now doing a second repair on the faucet . The cartridge and sleeve needs to be relaced . The plumber was able to get the cartridge easily but the sleeve will tabke 6-8 weeks because it 's on backorder . I ca n't exactly live without the kitchen faucet that long . This second repair cost me close to $ 500 already and that 's not including the sleeve.I expected the fauct to work without having so many problems so soon . Save your money and buy a better made kitchen faucet and replacement parts you can easily get !
 The good news is after 5 years with this faucet I have had zero leaks . The bad news is that it is not the high quality faucet I was expecting . The head has never fit well against the arm and the rubber seal over the spray control has split after a couple of years of use . I was hoping for a better made product then what I got .
 The one I received is chrome and not brushed nickel . It appears to be a Moen screw up , as the packaging says brushed nickel like the other four items I ordered , but it is definitely chrome .
 I purchased one in chrome and one in brushed nickel , with a matching robe hook for each . I had to re-order the rings in brushed nickel three times because of an inferior finish and defects in the plastic piece that holds the ring . -LRB- I re-ordered the ring in chrome only twice . -RRB- Each time , either the plastic piece holding the ring was sticking too far out of the base and was very obviously a defect , or there were marks , scuffs or blemishes on the base and ring . -LRB- In one case there were three large dents in the base of one robe hook , as well . -RRB- In a damp bathroom application , I am not purchasing fixtures with faulty finishes that could end up rusting . I ended up buying the same items at a large home improvement store and they were in perfect condition with a beautiful finish and nicely constructed . You might save a few dollars here , but you 'll pay for it in the long run .
 I have tried this product several times and it has yet to function has advertised . IMO it is a ripoff . Just yesterday I thought it had gained my respect when it beeped atop a breaker during the second pass . This tool is dyslectic because the breaker was located on the opposite side of the panel lower down .
 As an electrician I 've used several types of circuit finders over the years . This Reliance Circuit Snooper is excellent for accuracy , but is totally unsuitable to be carried on a tool belt because it turns on constantly and runs down the battery . Additionally , the transmitter that plugs into the receptacle only provides an `` on '' light . Any professional user would prefer this transmitter to emit a beeping sound that can be heard at a distance to confirm that the correct circuit breaker was turned off . If Reliance had incorporated a snap-on switch and a beeping transmitter , I would have awarded it 5 stars .
 The biggest waste of money . I bought this product because some of the write ups said it worked except for the hair trigger . It was a huge disappointment .
 Unfortunately I am the only 1 star review which means I might have got a lemon . I bought it coz of all the great reviews and price . I put in the 9v battery and it turned on . Problem was it would not turn off . It beeps twice and stays on . Then after waiting an exceptionally long time -LRB- an hour -RRB- it might turn off by itself . The only other way I could get it off was to take out the battery . I hate that I am the only bad review . It makes me mad . I am returning it right now .
 Very limited sensitivity . Metal cover over breakers would have to be removed and even then it might not pick-up signal . ON switch is also too easy to accidently turn on .
 The design of the unit is terrible . The power button is incredibly sensitive and ends up turning on and killing the battery while in your tool bag.The unit does NOT work well for residential use in sniffing out breakers . This device is a real piece of garbage that I ended up returning .
 I bought this because the reviews looked good here . I was mislead . There are several of these under different brands but basically they are all the same . First off it works about 50 % of the time . Ok better than nothing . Feels like a cheap piece of plastic . The worst thing is the on off button it keeps on getting hit in my tool bag so about 4 times a day there is a beeping from my bag . Then when you go to use it the batteries are low which now you need a screwdriver and 15 min to change . Whoever designed this with a light push button to turn it on never intended this to be traveled with or used i the field .
 I ordered 2 of these same items . One had the set screw on the bottom of both mounts . The second one -LRB- identical -RRB- had the set screw - one on the bottom and the other on top . I was unable to access the set screw on the second bar due to an existing medicine cabinet . If I had not ordered 2 of the same orders - I might not have known it was a manufacturer 's mistake . Big dissapointment & aggravation in having to repackage and re-ship item back . Will wait to return in case I have to interchange mounts . NICE towel bars , have the 24 '' also , just make sure you have the proper mounts - they should have the set screw on the bottom of each side .
 Tiny screws on each mounting bracket require a jewelry screwdriver . And only the one minuscule screw secures the wall bracket to bar mounts on each side . Also , one of the screws was nearly impossible to loosen . Quality is not impressive .
 This towel bar has a cheap brass color - not the color of good quality brass .
 Seriously . For me at least.The little screw on the bottom gets loose in about one a week . This thing is constantly falling off the wall . Same thing with the matching toilet paper holder . Just hate these things.I 'm not a DIY expert , so I just prefer the ones that you install with the screw head showing , instead of mounting , twisting , aligning , and trying to tighten the microscopic screw on the bottom . I hate that little tiny stupid screw .
 RUN AWAY FROM THIS VENDOR , YOU ARE TAKING A SERIOUS RISK BUYING FROM THEM . I would like to seriously complain about this vendor The furnace filter I ordered said it was the right size on the label however it was much much smaller than it said and did not fit . When I complained to the Filters Now people they were NOT helpful at all about me sending it back . They told me i would have to pay return shipping which is considerable since the boxes are huge . I explained that I did not order the wrong size . that the product that arrived was not what it should have been and that I shouldnt have to pay for their mistake . They did not care at all about the misrepresentation of the filters . I expected when I ordered a particular size and they supposedly sent that size that the filter should be the size it says . They explained that they undercut the sizes and I Understand that , however it was so undercut that the filter was flying around in the filter box . It was ridiculously small . BUYER BEWARE when dealing with them . I noticed they have been receiving other negative remarks lately . I wish I payed attention to the comments before i bought . I would never do business with them again .
 The price of this towel bar was good , but , the usefulness was lacking . It is designed to hold two towels , one behind the other , but , the two bars are so close together-in both height and depth that you ca n't put a towel on the rack if there is already one on the outer bar . A real inconvenience .
 this item came with two exactly the same mounting brackets and not one for each side . need to return , but do not know how ?
 Use your own anchors ! The bars are not attatched to the brackets & after 3 trys we got it to stay on our wall . Otherwise it looks good .
 THE MANUFACTURER DOES NOT TELL YOU THE MAXIMUM DISTANCE FROM SENSOR TO RECIVER CAN BE .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I purchased 4 of them at a great price but when I installed them on the 36 '' x 72 '' lighted boxes I was building for a Church one broke at the rivet after about 5 openings . Another was already wearing at the rivet . The items are tarnished and not shiny . Made in China is what you get . I purchased a better quality at Lowes for about same price and you can see the quality difference . Would n't touch them again and did n't contact seller as I was in a hurry to finish the project .
 Certainly looks good . Made of solid brass is good . Matching brass screws are also good . Stanley products are built well ; that is good.But , where , oh where , are the measurements for the lift ? Certainly , a buyer would want to know the overall length , as well as , the boring !! Bad , bad , bad and that is not good .
 I was very upset when the T-Bar did not fit my 3/4 T-Track on my table saw . But what upset me even more was that it did not fit into any of my shop equipment . I did n't mind paying a bit more for an item that is a `` specialty '' item . However , now I am stuck with nothing more than an overpriced slide and rail . Now I 'm too afraid to purchase anything else for my shop through Amazon.com for fear it wont fit my equipment and I 'll be stuck with more useless junk .
 Ordered two of these units for my camp and my neighbor 's to alert us to power failure and/or heat failure . Set the first one up -LRB- for my neighbor -RRB- and it worked wonderfully . Went to set up the second for my camp but could not get it to work -LRB- had I not already known how one was supposed to function I would have wasted a great deal of my time -RRB- . Returned second unit -LRB- Amazon was great , four star , with return - thanks ! -RRB- and received a replacement in short order . Plugged it in and it would n't even turn on , let alone program -LRB- yes I tried several different outlets and two different batteries - still a no go -RRB- . So I 'm 1 for 3 and looking for a different product option . Clearly the spotty -LRB- at best -RRB- quality of this product does not instill confidence when it come to keeping my pipes from freezing ! 15 to 25 degrees below zero tonight , it would have been nice to have .
 Arrived w / dead 9V battery , which was a pain since I was hooking this thing up & trying to get packed for vacation @ about the same time . One of the wires was too short to connect so I just left everything in the box & headed out for vacation . I 'm out $ 99 but at least I 'm laying on the beach !
 It started with the battery . As soon as it was put in place , the unit indicated tht the battery was low or dead . so I got a brand new battery . Same result . Then tried to utilize the product , carefully following directions -- programmed it to my cell phone , and ran the test procedure . The phone never rang.conclusion
 Just received this organizer . It comes in several colors which I was hoping to use to differentiate products . It was a little smaller than many of the organizers with this many compartments , but would have worked for me had it been built more robust.For my use the lid is too flimsy and the latches do n't hold very well . One use I had was to store # 4 - # 10 bolts , nuts , washers , etc. & then set it upright on a shelf or in a tool bag to carry to jobs . # 4 - # 6 washers are pretty small & thin and the way the lid flexes I think they would migrate from their intend compartment.There are 6 compartment dividers included but there are 9 positions that accept dividers . Seems a waste not to add 3 more dividers . However , at least on the unit I received the center front compartment was so warped that the divider would not have stayed in place anyway.The biggest issue is I would not trust the latches to remain secured especially in a tool bag .
 Got the level today , it has painted surface with 3 plastic components . It was shipped together with two other items -LRB- 36 '' clamps -RRB- . None of these items were wrapped/protected at all . They collide with each other at one side of the packing box ; even though the box is full of packing paper , the packer seems not bother to use it to wrap any of the items . One of the three bubbles is not working on the level and both clamps were visibly bended . Unbelievable .
 I only write reviews if a product is exceptionally good or really bad . This is one of the bad ones.The description on Amazon says that these work with doors up to 1 3/8 inch thick . On the actual package , they are made for doors up to 1 1/8 inch thick . The package is correct . With my custom made 1 3/8 inch thick doors , I had to move the mounting points over by 1/8 of an inch to prevent the corners of the door from hitting the door jamb.Speaking of mounting points , if you follow the included instructions , the bottom of your doors will be 1/16 of an inch closer to the jamb than the tops , resulting in a 1/8 '' uneven gap between the two mounted doors . Another modification by moving the bottom mounting points out 1/16 to make the doors plumb.I am a custom woodworker with many years of experience . Luckily I have the know how to do a test mount on scrap first . If I had not done this , the custom saloon doors that I just made would be ruined with incorrect mounting holes . Some epoxy and sanding later , I could have corrected the problem , but this should not be necessary.If you are purchasing these hinges , be sure to do a test mount first to determine if they will work for your application.Here are my modified instructions for those that are interested : The edge of the top hinge that attaches to the door should be 7/16 '' as stated for doors up to 1 1/8 '' thick . For doors up to 1 3/8 thick , change this to 5/16 `` The edge of the bottom hinge that attaches to the door should be 1/4 '' instead of the stated 5/16 '' for doors up to 1 1/8 '' thick . This will ensure that the doors have an even gap between the jamb . For doors up to 1 3/8 '' thick , change this to 1/8 '' instead of 1/4 '' . The mounting instructions for the jamb side are the same as the instruction manual . There are also slots on one of the hinges for adjustment though this is never mentioned in the instructions.The flat head screws are used in the recessed holes and the round head are used for the other holes . This may seem like common sense , but should also be mentioned in the instructions as some people may not know this.I have not yet mounted them the doors jambs , just a test piece . With the test piece , the doors only return to center when opened one direction . I am hoping that this is because my test piece is not plumb and level . If they work the same after the final mounting , I will update this review.Overall , the product seems to be OK , but the instructions are very poor and could ruin a set of doors if a test fit was not done first .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 If you value your time and your money . Do n't waste the two hours I have fooled with this trying to make it work . Good concept but it was poorly executed . Spend your money and save your time by buying the self contained spring hinge .
 Do not waste your money on these . I went through 5 of them before I decided to just buy a spring hinge . These things look gaudy on your door , scratch up the frame and the springs on them are KNOWN for collapsing making them unworkable . They are really cheap ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE , I AM WARNING YOU ! Get spring hinges and do it right . Those never fail , wont damage your door and are a LOT safer to tension .
 I generally agree with the other reviews , it takes some space around the hinge , it works best on light doors , it squeaks -LRB- WD-40 works on that , though -RRB- , etc. . The problem is that the lower jaw can slip around the shaft , releasing the tension . This is particularly true at higher tensions , where the spring distorts the angles somewhat . So it works for a few weeks and then it slips and you have to tension it again . A nuisance . I suspect that this will be a general problem . That lower jaw should be fused to the shaft .
 Do not buy this unless you like flushing your money down the drain . Weak spring and poor directions = junky product .
 Attempted to use this item for an interior door to a bathroom -LRB- so it is small and lightweight door -RRB- , to keep it from being pulled against an air intake for the HVAC ... First problem was the pin was much too tight for the standard hinge on the door , even with proper lubrication and aggressive tapping into place ... Second , the mechanism that rests against the door did not even engage the door , but simply went back against the frame ... I corrected for this by completely bending the 90 degree bend out straight , and put a rubber stopper on the end so it would not gouge the soft door wood . Using the spring adjustment tool was a joke , as you can not rotate the spring tight enough to provide enough tension to nudge the door ... I corrected for this by turning it , holding it in place with a screwdriver , and then moving the tool back around to continue to rotate the spring tighter . Even with all of this , it weakly moves the door away from the ` suction ' of the HVAC intake , but comes absolutely no where close to even closing the door . . Perhaps if I could somehow machine down the diameter of the pin itself for a less snug fit , it may work better , but I do n't have that capability ... seems odd that on what should be a standardized diameter hidge hole , that the pin is that snug . I can not see this item working correctly for most applications ...
 We installed three of these , bedroom , closet and bathroon door and they all squeak . Nothing like the closet door squeaking at 5AM while I 'm trying to sleep . My husband even greased them up and they still squeak . The doors close but not enough pressure to make them latch .
 I was disappointed by the strength of the spring on this . I used it on very light , hollow , standard size closet door . Even at the tightest setting it would barely close the door . I was able to improve it a little by jamming a small piece of cardboard between one of ` arms ' and the door to make the spring force even tighter . I lubricated the other hinges . The door swings with almost no resistance . Despite this the device barely closes it . In fact , even with all this it will not really close the door . It swings it to the point where the latch meets the frame . It does not have the strength to actually latch the door . I was hoping to use this to keep the cat out of the walk-in closet . However , because the door does not actually latch , the cat can push the door open and get in . I suspect that if you added two of these to each door it might work , but if I 'm going to spend that much , there are probably better options . Installation is kind of a pain too . I spent at least a half hour trying to intall this and get it to work properly . Overall I can not recommend this product .
 I have several of these pin door closers in my house . They work well but are difficult to install . Also , one broke within 2 years of installation .
 I used TWO of these on a normal weight door to my basement , and as many of the reviews say , it closed to the point where the door was near the latch , but did n't actually swing it that last crucial centimeter.I 'm going to spend the twenty bucks and get a real door closer !
 Pros :1 . Compact , inconspicuous2 . No need to drill holes on door frame/door3 . Easy to setupCons :1 . It lost its functionality within 1 month .2 . Its door-pressing plate slightly damaged my door frame.It 'd be 4-star if it had n't broke so fast .
 Junk . Instructions very poor and could not install !!! Tried for an hour to install . There is no way to install on any of my doors !
 Very difficult to install . You need to be able to use a wrench to tighten it . If you can not manipulate a wrench near you hinge pin , this is not for you . The molding around my door was too close to the hinge . My husband and I spent over an hour trying to install before we finally gave up . It also does not look like it would work on any other doors in my house either .
 I 'm pretty handy with tools , but I do n't understand how you are supposed to install this with 2 hands.I was REPLACING one of these things and it is still confusing.The instructions are vague , at best.You are supposed to hold one of the legs with one hand , turn the cheap included wrench with another and insert a pin with another.Maybe this was outsourced and manufactured on a planet where they had 3 hands.The Stanley website no longer has the instructions another reviewer mentioned in 2009 . This is going back to the store.Don ' t buy this , uh uh.Nope .
 I purchased the door pin closer for a solid wood interior door ... what a mistake . The weight of the pine door was obviously WAY more than this thing can handle . It might work a little better on a hollow door.The sleeve that is supplied for door pin did not fit the hinge , so I had to put the pin in the hinge without it.The next problem was the fit . I had to cut a lot of wood off the trim around the door , so the closer could slide into the hinge . Then , I had to cut even more off to get the flimsy cover on ... which ended up getting all bent up , just from the closer spring . The teeth on the closer also make some very deep `` dig marks '' on your door frame or trim.After it was installed and was `` kind of '' working , it did close the door . But , VERY slowly ... and it squeaked VERY loudly . There was hardly enough power to shut and latch the door all the way , and it was too loud . So , I took it off . I will find a different closer , after I repair all the wood that had to be cut or got chewed up by this closer.I would NOT recommend this closer to anyone with solid doors .
 Nice product , easy to install . Strength not quite enough to bring door to fully latched position but very nearly closed .
 These are extremely weak if you need to swing a heavy door . I have a solid wood door going into my basement and two of them can not close it completely , and yes I adjusted the tension to the max . If you are using it for a hollow core door they may work . Anything other than that , these are useless . Use the Everbuilt spring hinges which work great but require a little more work as you have to replace the whole hinge rather than just the pin .
 Nice idea but the directions were awful . We got it installed finally but it would not close the door enough to latch . Our door is lightweight and swings easily . I could practically blow on it and it would close . So it did n't work out for us .
 I loved this knife - very useful being small enough to drop in my pocket and with a high grade steel that remained sharp for months of continuous use . But - when it came time to change the blade , nothing would turn those screws to open it up ; they are permanently locked in tight .
 Despite careful research prior to ordering this item , it was a disaster . Firstly , the throw was way too long causing it to hit the track about halfway up when the garage door was raised . Fine , saw off a little -LRB- *** Update *** Apparently this is not unusual -RRB- . Second , it is for a right hand door . OK , using info from D. Mozingo who had same problem with National Hardware model , tried to `` reverse '' the innards . Since the spring is crucial to this operation and , at least in this model is unreversible , it is not possible to have success . So can not recommend this item at all . As am aside , I chose Stanley despite no reviews because , well , it was Stanley so I figured paying a bit more would be worthwhile . I now doubt that as the description sounds just like the cheaper Nathional model except Stanley apparently includes screws . So , given the success people seem to have had with the National model , despite being a rh lock , guess you might want to stick with that . *** UPDATE *** Gave the whole mess an overnight thought and wondered if I could just use a new handle but , upon inspection , no go
 I tried to get two extra keys made for this lock at the Local Ace Hardware , and then at two different professional Locksmiths . Unfortunately , none of them could find a key blank that would fit the lock . From what the Lock Smiths told me , apparently the overseas companies to get past copyright laws , make their keys just a little different . This makes it impossible to have extra keys made for this lock . If you only need two keys , then this one will work . If you need more then two keys , skip it .
 Although the quality is very good , the item description does not include what the hole spacing is . This is obviously important and something I should have inquired about before purchasing . The hole spacing for this storm door latch set is 3 '' and the spacing on my door is 1 3/4 '' . Since I opened the item it can not be returned .
 I purchased this shower head with much excitement because it was all metal . My previous shower head was metal but the bracket -LRB- that attached onto the shower arm -RRB- was plastic . Every time I have a hand held shower head with a plastic bracket , the bracket eventually breaks . So I sucked it up and bought a really expensive one with a nice description . When I purchased the item it said `` sold by Wayfair and fulfilled by Amazon . '' Now it just says , `` sold by Wayfair . '' The shower head came and the shower head itself was quite substantial and beautiful . The only problem was that everything else listed in the description was missing . The male connector and bracket were not there , the 52 '' hose was non existent , the tools and hardware that were supposed to be included were also non existent . So all I had was a shower head that cost more than $ 200 !!! The funny thing to me is that this was fulfilled by Amazon . I 've been ordering from Amazon for 10 years at least . This has happened to me more than 7 times when ordering expensive items . It 's almost as if they just pulled the box off the shelf and sent it without making sure that everything that was supposed to be included was in the box . When I received the box from Amazon and saw how small the shipping box was , I immediately knew parts were missing before I opened the item . It was a complete no brainer for me . Maybe the people in stock and delivery at Amazon have never purchased a hand held shower head before or something . If I buy a $ 20 item and something is missing , fine . I 'll go buy what I need from someplace else and return the item from Amazon when I get around to it . However , if I purchase a $ 220 item from amazon and parts are missing , I have to return the item and wait for my credit back to my checking account before I can go out and buy it from another place because that 's a lot of money and I have to save up for purchases like this . This experience along with the many similar experiences I 've had over the past 10 years make me seriously think twice about purchasing anything expensive from Amazon . Sorry Amazon . All your employees have to do is inspect the package before sending it out and compare it to the description on your website of what should be included to make sure everything is there and in order . You 'll waste less money paying for customer returns and you 'll waste less of the customers time and money as well .
 These are not solid brass sash locks as stated . The quality is very cheep and I would not recommend . I believe this sash lock has been discontinued and now I know the reason why .
 the item misrepresents itself by showing table top with fence . the package clearly states `` handle with care '' `` Fragile '' , yet , the container was damaged severely , cabinet was damaged , and parts missing . I thought I was receiving a router table , not the cabinet alone . Large shipments are risky . I found out the hard way .
 In one word , I 'd describe the light put out by this bulb as `` blech '' ! On the plus side , it 's nice and compact and should fit in any lamp.I 've got 4 other brands of CF lights in my house and I have to say that this has been the worst of the bunch in terms of light . Lights of America and Satco both make bulbs with nice warm yellow/white light that somewhat resembles conventional lights . The Panasonic bulb has a noted white/purple tinge to it -- yuck!The * only * way this light would be minimally acceptable would be if it were the only light on in a room -- put it in a room with another lamp with a conventional light bulb and you 'll see just how bad the light truly is.I bought two of these -- one a 15 watt the other a 20 watt . I ended up returning the 20 watt and am now sorry I did n't return the 15 watt too.To add insult to injury , the Satco bulbs I picked up from my local lighting store cost $ 4 -- this bulb was $ 12 until recently.Do yourself a favor and try another brand !
 You specified that the product dimensions where 7x5 ... . which in fact its MUCH less than that , 7x5 its the dimensions of the package where the product comes ... . Very misleading , if I would have known that I would n't have bought it . You should correct `` Product Dimensions '' for `` Package Dimensions '' so other buyers do n't get scam as I did with you . I feel taken advantage from you guys for lying in your post
 I bought the Whiteside WS2640 trimmer blade with the Euro square bearing . I thought the square bearing was a great idea , but it was made out of rubber or plastic , rather than metal , and it wore out -LRB- broke and flew off -RRB- in about 5 minutes . I think I 'll just use the old-fashioned round ones from now on .
 No where in the product description did it state that it was 5/8 inch . I bought this thinking it was a short piece of 1/2 copper that I could use a standard end cap on . I did n't purchase it for it 's original purpose , to repair copper pipe . I bought it to use as a sparge arm for home brewing . Now I have very little use for it .
 Installed the switch in a 3 speed fan and only get one speed . I could have bought the wrong item , but it was a 3 speed fan and this was a 3 speed switch , so naturally I assumed ...
 I bought this to replace a switch on a 3 speed Hampton Bay ceiling fan . This 4-wire switch looked identical to the original one that failed . I recorded all the wire locations -LRB- even checked the wiring on another identical working fan -RRB- . I also carefully studied wiring diagrams I found online for my fan controller . I made sure to match up the correct power , ground , and capacitor wires to the right holes ... turned it on , the motor hummed , but no rotation . Assuming I did something wrong I started swapping wires around ... same result , humming but no rotation or nothing at all.I ended up dumping the switch and permanently connecting the wires for lowest speed without a switch . I 'm 99 % sure that the switch was broken , the other 1 % is me doing something wrong thus 2 stars instead of 1 . I waited too long so ca n't return any more .
 These are not the same quality as other Lido passage levers I have purchased from Amazon in the last month , and that you would find in the local hardware store.The back rose has screws holes through it , unlike the other Kwikset Lido style levers I 've bought , where the rose covers the screws on both sides . These are also beveled differently . Both the levers and the roses in this set are simply rounded off , as opposed to more of a chiseled look with a groove around the rose . You can see the difference in my image.To the seller 's credit , the shipping was very fast , arrived in 4 days . __________________________________________________________________________________________ The items I received were defective . The back of the levers -LRB- where you grab to open the door -RRB- was crudely machined , and had sharp pieces of metal that hurt my fingers as I went to take it out of the box . Would not want that to happen every time I open the door ... I am currently working with the seller to return them for a full refund .
 base of light . . to small ... i bought 5 of these lights ... base just covers 3 1/2 inch hole . . no extra room
 In time this fixture 's finish -LRB- coating -RRB- from being exposed to sun , rain and etc. , will turn chalky . The Dorian Bronze finish will deteriorate to the point of exposing the base metal and they will then corrode . This fact has been pointed out to the manufacturer.Here is Minka 's response : Your Minka outdoor fixtures are warranted for a period of 1 year from the date of purchase . The finish on outdoor product is specifically excluded from warranty coverage due to harsh environmental conditions beyond our control.If I could give zero stars to this product I would . I would not recommend this to my worst enemy !
 I bought this bar thinking that it would give my family an added sense of security . It seemed secure and made us feel safer until I came home early from work one day , forgetting that my teen daughter was home . She had placed the bar under the door and when I opened the door , the bar simply fell to the floor . My sense of security was completely shattered . Plan to purchase the buddybar for my family .
 It 's okay . Not very strong . If you push hard enough you will go right thru the door . Still do not feel secure as I should with this on the door . Really , I think you should spend a little more and get a stronger jammer .
 Really thought this was a great price for the item but when the item arrived I was very disappointed ! Upon opening my package the first thing I noticed was that this door jammer was very very USED ! The box was bent up in all the right places showing that someone had taken the jammer out , used it then put it back in the packaging . The company then turned around and shipped the item to me . Both rubber ends are completely beat up - it looks like someone tested this out as a door stopper and it didnt work for them so they returned it . I got it for our sliding door which it seems to be ok for this purpose but who 's to say it would really stop an intruder.Secondly , The instructions on the box are really pitiful - I 'm no dummy but I need precise , specific instructions on how things work and this item absolutely did not have that . In fact it was so vague that I am still trying to decide whether I have it set up correctly or even if it has all the proper parts -LRB- knowing it had been returned -RRB- For example - the instructions say to remove the rubber end pieces to use for sliding door , yet in the picture on the box it shows the lady putting it in her slider WITH the rubber piece . Well , WHICH IS IT ? With the rubber peices off both ends are left hollow which doesnt seem quite right to me . I mean , were there end caps on the original piece that just were not sent to me with my used item ??? There is ZERO instruction on what to do with the little key/pin that came with it . There are several holes and one already has a pin in it - so what is the extra for ??? Anyone ? Nothing annoys me more than vague instruction & assuming that someone should know how something works!Mace needs to get it together . If they hadnt sent me this used up item that looks like total junk , I might actually be able to say I like it since the price was decent & it seems like it may actually work . Come one Mace ... you just made your company look bad over an item that probably cost a few bucks for you to make . That 's bad business . Next time try only sending NEW items , that is what I paid for - a NEW item . **** On a positive note I would like to say that Amazon handled this fairly and gave me a credit even though I was unable to return item *** Pleased with how they handled it !
 The item seems to be rather poorly designed . The upper end cap is n't nearly wide enough to properly accept my door knobs . This allows a couple inches of play -LRB- before door meets any serious resistance -RRB- . Another thing I do n't like is the angle of the brace . I would much prefer a wider angle between the door and the base/foot of the brace . I realize that the bar is adjustable in length . However , if the bar is lengthened -LRB- the angle increased -RRB- , the foot will not sit flat on the floor -LRB- it 'll be cocked up with only the heel touching -RRB- . It 's clearly better than nothing . And , I 've modified it -LRB- cut and filed -RRB- , so that it works better than it did . But , I still do n't have much confidence in it.I 'd gladly return it for a refund , except that I 've modified it .
 THE rubber has already come off . I wonder how it 'll jam the door .
 It arrived today and is going back to Amazon for a refund tomorrow . It looks secure when you put it in place , and feels secure when you test it by pulling inward on the door handle , but test it by going outside pushing on the door and you will be shocked at how easy it is to defeat . The rubber ears on the doorknob end are too flexible and bend out of the way -LRB- to the side and down -RRB- when you push on the door allowing the door to be very easily opened . The entire top rubber assembly also flexed slightly to the side on the metal pole as it was defeated . It 's secured to the end of the metal pole about as well one of those rubber erasers that slip on to the end of your pencil . What 's worse is that because the thickest parts of the pole , the top ears and the bottom foot , are made of soft rubber they were silent and made no racket as I pushed on the door . Furthermore since no metal parts hit the floor when it fell to the ground it landed very quietly . The rubber ears are what impacted the floor as it fell to the floor after being defeated , the rubber foot was already on the ground as it fell . I got in the door silently in less than 5 seconds . The tap from a lock bump would be the loudest thing you would hear . Get a puppy from the pound and a 12 gauge instead and sleep well , it 's well worth the $ 400 total initial investment + dog food . I do weigh 240 # , but I did n't have to push hard at all to get in . A false sense of security thinking that you would hear some serious racket as this thing got defeated is worse than not having it at all . What I was using before I tried this , and what I will go back to using , was a chair with the legs sitting inside some rubber soled tennis shoes to keep the chair legs from slipping on the floor . Yes I could break the chair with a lot more effort than it took to defeat the MACE Big Jammer , but at least it would make some serious racket as it splintered , and with the door/chair contact being hard material it would also make some noise as I moved the door back and forth trying to get in .
 the device adjustable feature not working as good as advertise because the clickstop length adjustment not matched my slidedoor width . I need a continuous adjustable type like screw type .
 We built our new home 5 years ago and installed Danze brand plumbing fixtures at the recommendation of our contractor 's plumber . The soft touch personal shower -LRB- wand -RRB- on our Roman tub may have worked a month before failing . We have since replaced it three times , during which time the manufacturer changed the internal working design . -LRB- My first clue that there would be additional problems . -RRB- Of course , we have had to pay plumbers each time for their work to replace the faucet . And today it still does n't work . Danze , pretty faucets , they just do n't work . We have also had problems with the standard shower fixture in our guest bathroom numerous times . -LRB- also Danze -RRB- Their customer service department has always been kind . But their product is simply inferior .
 This is a beautiful faucet . I was thrilled when I opened the package but that is where my excitement ended . We installed this and turned on the water to find the handheld leaked horribly . I called the customer service line and they were very helpful . I had a replacement within a few days . We installed the second handheld VERY carefully for fear the leak was caused by overtightening . However the new part leaked worse that the first . They happily sent us a second replacement that thankfully did not leak . Four months later the handheld is not working . We were able to use it about 3-4 times before the valve broke . It is not leaking , it just wo n't work , and I really ca n't seem to find the energy to deal with this horrible faucet again !
 This is sold as a cast iron pump = - It even says on the box , cast iron - and I have bought several in the past and they were cast iron . However , this one is a cheap plastic pump made in China .
 I purchased this sump pump from Home Depot locally about 3 years ago . I live in Seattle and my house has has a poor foundation , so I have two sump pumps on the exterior to keep water from the foundation . This pump worked great for a year . The only negative was that the power cord was about 18 '' short of long enough to plug in , so I had to get an extension cord for it.After the first year or 18 months the unit started to periodically not shut off . It would run and run until it over heated or tripped the circuit breaker . I thought possibly the float was stuck but pulled it out and reoriented it , and it all seemed fine . It only happened every few months so I did n't worry too much about it.However , now the rainy season has started in Seattle , and I discovered that it has a short in it somewhere . About 10 seconds after the pump starts running the GFCI outlet it was plugged into cut out . I finally decided to give in and I purchasedZoeller 57-0001 M57 Basement High Capacity Sump Pumpto replace this . The Zoeller matches what my other sump pump is that has been running without issue for at least 5-6 years . After install it pumped everything out with no issue and I hope it goes well.Re
 I like the pump design I have had both ACE and Wayne 1/3 and 1/2 HP pumps . There are two problems - switch life is 2 years or less depending how often its used . The float rod is regular steel and rusts causing the float to stick , which causes the pump to stay on or off . I ca n't figure why Wayne would make a great pump with lousy parts . Yup I can typical American manufacturer ; no life testing and poor quality control . Recommend you stay away from Wayne pumps . Remember you do n't need the pump when its dry - they fail when you need them the most , in a rain storm at 2 pm or when your on vacation , again stay away from these Wayne pumps . They have known about these design flaws for years and done nothing about it .
 so of course I tried to make the hole larger so it would slip on faucet but that just ruined the whole thing - I used to use these a long time ago , but they were not so stiff and more flexible and able to slip on a faucet
 Not sure how long I have had this thermostat , but already it is failing . Replaced the batteries today and now it will not reliably stay on , much less accept re-programming . Something like this should last many years , and this one has not .
 The Honeywell Thermostats promote themselves as having clear backlit displays . That 's not always or exactly true . To get backlighting on some / most models I 've encountered you must press one of the keys for the display to light up , essentially defeating the purpose . The one I purchased - not from Amazon - lost time like the other reviewer 's did . It could never correctly read the ambient temperature and would not turn off the heat . I had it professionally installed to make sure it would be installed correctly.Customer Service is offshored . They listen . They have no suggestions . You escalate your inquiry and they try to `` handle '' you . The email address they give you for follow-up does not respond.Save yourself time , money and aggravation and buy something else . I simply reinstalled my old mercury bulb unit . Like clockwork , it turn 's the heat on and off and keeps the temperature where I need it to be .
 I purchased this product based on the many positive reviews it received.Those who purchased the product seemed genuinely happy with the ease of installation as well as the quality of the product . When I opened the box and read the instructions , the first thing indicated was that this device is designed as a replacement for other heneywell thermostats . But , that it may be able to replace an older mercury-based thermostat if it had less than six wires . I pulled out my old mercury-based thermostat and counted seven wires . I called the Honeywell tech who quoted me be rote the instructions of counting the wires and then proceeded to tell me that I would have to have a professional install the unit . Needless to say , I re-installed my old thermostat and returned the unit . I received a very quick reimubursement , but I feel they should have advertised the unit as a honeywell thermostat replacement , just as the installation instructions did , and that the ease of installation rests entirely on it being a honeywell replacement . I would not have bothered getting it as my unit is not a honeywell .
 Loses 2 minutes a day so I have to set the time on it every few days.Makes a loud click when when it engages the heater/cooler . Will replace with a different brand .
 I will never buy Honeywell again . I bought this as a replacement for another Honeywell unit that quit working after only 5 years . I called customer service with a question about the Hc Hr connection as it was unclear in the instructions . The customer service goes to a phone bank in India to a worker who is getting paid slave wages of $ 200 a month . To top that off I look at the thermostat to find it was made in CHINA using more people at slave wages and who knows what dangerous metals are in this unit . I immediately returned the unit . I will not support companies who cost American workers their jobs !
 Ca n't waste many words on this one ... a flagrant piece of junk . Why pay to have your intelligence insulted and your imagination begged . Just talk to your kids ... it 's cheaper .
 I really like Moen products but the two towel rings I purchased are defective . After anchoring the mounting brackets to the wall and then fastening the rings to the bracket I immediately noticed that the rings were not properly aligned with the mount . The rings are crooked by about 10 degrees . You can wiggle the ring to straighten it but it just returns to the previous position . I have uploaded a picture to the product to illustrate the problem . I have not seen any other reviews with this complaint so perhaps the problem is restricted to only a few of the inventory with the oil rubbed bronze finish . I can not stand having hardware that is not square and plumb so I chose to return the towel rings to Amazon .
 I did n't have to wait for two weeks for the chrome to peel off the ring . These parts have been in the box waiting for installation in a new bathroom . When my contractor opened the box , most of the ring chrome just fell off ! These rings were not chromed correctly . They are junk . Do Not Buy . Of course , Murphy 's Law , we noticed the failing chrome plating a week after the Amazon return period .
 The top chrome pieces rots away after three years . Not easy to find replacement . Need to buy an complete new kit rather than just the `` pump '' .
 We 've had our dispenser for about two years . The soap has somehow managed to eat away at the metal , and I 've just had to order a replacement . I suppose we can try to find a milder handsoap -LRB- ?? -RRB- , or else just keep it there for looks , since the holes are already drilled.It 's hard to know whether to fault Moen for this , but it is , at least , surprising .
 I ordered to replace existing broken circuit breakers . There were several sellers . I picked the lowest priced seller , which was listed simply as Amazon , and ordered 8 breakers , some for future use . The breakers arrived not in a cardboard package . Prhaps these were breakers that had been previously sold and returned as defective . Four of the 8 breakers were defective and the defect was apparent upon opening the carton
 I have sent several emails to ask where my purchase is and have not received anything -LRB- including the breaker -RRB- in return . Beware I have filed a greivance with Amazon regarding this seller .
 After buying a few of these and reading some reviews about the aluminum buses in the panel used with these breakers , I decided to replace my electrical panel with a new Square D panel with copper bus and new breakers . I just donated the bunch to Habitat.They did not fit very well in my original panel . Loose fitting .
 Title misleading . model 291 looks different . I have one . This one is 291 ap
 I have the same problem as the first review . The electric is one positive and one negative with one red wire going to the light it self . I am a musician and a electrician buy trade so as long as you know black is positive and white is negative you pretty much ca n't go wrong.I do not recommend this product at ALL .
 I ordered two security lights for my new house and had an electrician install them.We can not get them to work right even when all of the settings are in the correct mode.The lights come on in a low dim mode as if on a dimmer switch , when not motion active . When motion acitve , they come on , and go off in a timed manner from the settings , and automatically come on again in a dim dimmmer type of mode and will stay on all night unless the power is cut.We have un-istalled , re-installed , tried moving the sensor , moving the light sockets and still can not get them to work right . Currently they both have power cut to them and are off and obviuosly not working at this time.It is possible that the electrician and I have done something wrong , but I doubt it , we used the instruction pamphlet from the factory , and tried several time to right it , but no luck so far.My last step will be to try another electrician and if nothing happens I will take them down .
 After spending the time to install this light and quickly burning out the compact fluorescent light bulbs , I called their toll free number . They informed me that the CFL 's do n't work in Dual Brite lights even with the Dual Brite switch turned to OFF . Something about the circuitry of each device interfering with the other 's . I asked why they did n't state that relevant item anywhere in the instructions . `` Because we would n't sell any '' is what he should have replied.Thus I would have to rate this light as OBSOLETE ! Who uses incandescent ? And thus this light is NOT energy efficient , as it tries to lead you to believe on the box .
 Product works well initially but beware of product life LESS THAN the 10-year warranty . I have 7 on my home . The motion sensor has now failed on two of them . I called the 800 number at Desa and chose `` Sales '' . No answer after 25 rings . I then tried `` Tech Support '' . Put on hold for 20 minutes with music ... never got through ... I just gave up . Suggest you find another supplier . Maybe they are all poor products .
 I received the Heath-Zenith Motion detector light timely & in apparant good condition . However , after attaching it to the two wires -LRB- white & black -RRB- it does not work . No matter what I do it does n't work . I guess I just got a lemon .
 Ca n't give a true review on this product because when you order this light the company sends you something completely different.Then they will not refund your shipping and then you have to pay to send it back which is n't refunded either .
 Two of the glass covers were broken in shipment and because of on-going bath improvements , it was not discovered until we were ready to install the lighting - after the return policy had expired . I can live with my mistake , but would like to replace the broken glass . I 'm disappointed that the manufacture seems to offer bulb replacement but not glass . Any suggestions ?
 This fixture is attractive , but from a functional standpoint is poorly designed , and the packaging for shipment is poor . The first one arrived with one of the glass covers broken . Amazon -LRB- with its excellent customer service -RRB- promptly sent a replacement . Only after the light was installed did I notice that it throws its light upward and outward , but not downward like you would expect from a bathroom vanity light . The bottom of the fixture has semicircular metal pieces with very small holes -LRB- pinholes almost -RRB- that sit under the bulbs and block the light from projecting downward . Because of the way the glass shades fit in the fixture , it is not reversible -LRB- they would fall out if installed in reverse -RRB- . The result is that a light over the mirror does a very poor job of illuminating your face -LRB- which seems to be the whole point of having a light over the mirror -RRB- . I would not recommend this fixture .
 Not at all worth the money . It does ' t put out much light and the metal housing is very thin giving it that &#34; cheap &#34; look.Also , after it 's been up less than a week , the middle light comes on/goes off when it 's in the mood . Three lights do n't provide enough lighting for even the most mindless task so TWO lights ? Forget about it.I 've already written this off as a loss . I 'm thinking about painting the cheap housing with a textured metal paint to make it look a little nicer . Ca n't hurt ...
 look at the title 3 1/2 inch . . its 3 inch . . bad seller bad ... go in time out
 Heath Zenith Halogen flood lampAs of this writing , Amazon sells four virtually identical 500 watt outdoor halogen floodlights , in bronze or white . They are sold under these names : RAB Quartz Flood 500 wattsDesigners Edge L-50BR 500-Watt Halogen FloodlightHeath Zenith SL-5505-BZ 500 Watt Halogen FloodlightLight Fld Hal QZ 500WBulb replacement for these lamps is terrible . To replace a bulb , slide two clips -LSB- holding the unframed glass lens -RSB- out of the way and carefully remove that glass without cutting yourself . Typically , the glass will be stuck to the rubber gasket and has to be pried off - which is risky , since prying could crack the glass , plus it could be dropped . Imagine doing that high up on ladder , where you 'll need to find a place to keep the glass while replacing the old bulb!Summary : Even though overall lamp quality is OK , bulb replacement is so bad , my advice is to avoid this product.If you want the best designed lamp , get the Lithonia 500 watt flood light . Search Amazon on
 I bought this lamp here . My son broke one of the glass lamp shades . I 've tried for a year to get a replacement . Lite Source gives me a run around , and when I ask vendors , they say Lite Source wo n't respond to them either . I like the lamp , just do n't have anything go wrong .
 The woodpecker pro is a good device if you live in a rural area where screeching bird recordings wo n't bother the neighbors . If you use this in the city , be prepared to receive a noise citation from your local police department . And no , you ca n't turn it down low so it wo n't bother the neighbors and still have it be effective . City dwellers might as well put that same $ 200 towards hiring an exterminator or pest control pro . The majority of times it 's a single woodpecker causing the damage , so it 's not like you 're going to need follow up visits by the pro . This is definitely a case of where being a DIY'er has no real benefit .
 Wasted good money on this device . Woodpeckers drilling holes 5 feet fromit as it blasts away . Bothers nothing except my neighbors .
 Heath Zenith products are JUNK ! I have purchased their motion detector floodlights that do not even come on when I drive my car right under them!Real crap .
 The quality of the plastic used to cover the motion detector is very low . After several months in daylight/sunlight the plastic fades causing the sensor to believe it is dark most of the time and will not shut off . The `` low quality plastic fade '' is the main problem with many products in sunlight . Many folks with the same problem complain about their solar floodlights/side-walk lights which after a short time have the plastic cover fade and the sunlight can not get down to the charger .
 This fixture does not accommodate compact fluorescent flood light bulbs without removing the shades !!! These bulbs are wider above the screw threads than normal flood bulbs and this section does not fit through the opening in the shade making it unable to reach the socket threads . You have to remove the shades if you want to use compact fluorescents .
 I unfortunetly have three sets of these lemons . They do not work at all . They worked probably for a couple of months , and then they just stopped working . Customer support at Zenith was no help in solving the problem . Do not buy these lights !!!!
 Purchased from big box store . Multiple problems ! Leaks if snow is on it , casing water build up . Burns out bulbs quickly . Difficult to adjust and stay in adjustment , after multiple attempts to tighten so it would stay in one place . Now the motion sensor or chip is haywire , causing bizarre light responses . Avoid this light . Avoid this company , as I have found nothing they make is high quality .
 Installed my first Heath Zenith motion light and after a couple of months it would n't shut off - I thought I had a bad unit so I returned it and got a new replacement . This one did n't even make it one month before it failed -LRB- would n't shut off -RRB- . This `` made in China '' product means you 're going to be up and down a ladder frequently to install , remove , reinstall , remove , etc. ...
 The Heath/Zenith products I bought in the past were well designed and worthwhile , but this DESA International `` Heath/Zenith '' motion sensor light is absolutely terrible.The advertised range of up to 70 or so feet , along with a rated 180 degree coverage angle , is totally misrepresentative ! I 'm lucky if my unit senses motion from 20 feet away , and with even 70 to 90 degrees of coverage.Basically it does not even come remotely close to functioning as advertised , which suggests to me that the company basically has an integrity problem.More than that , they have virtually no customer service . I e-mailed them about my unit 's flaws and they never responded , and the light 's `` operation manual '' offers no email address or phone number -LRB- I had to find their e-mail access through their website -RRB- . Furthermore , the only comment at all about repairs or customer service in the manual is in very fine print and says that the user has to return the product to the place of purchase.This is definitely the worst purchase I 've ever made from Amazon . Do NOT buy this motion sensor light fixture ... about all this company appears to sense is how to take advantage of the public . Not only that , this unit is dangerous , since it is advertised to protect you from intruders , yet it offers extremely limited protection as far as its advertised range and/or sensing angle .
 We had one of these for about a year , and it died . The motion sensor was the culprit.I replaced the sensor & did a postmortem on the dead one . Egads , judging by the algae at the bottom of the sensor there was about 1 inch of water retained inside the case for a significant period of time . The bottom part of the circuit board was disgusting.Judging from the case construction , the water got in via the ` lip ' which is formed by the back of the case joining the front . There was no gasket around the lip , nor sealant around the entire perimeter , etc. ... furthermore , the adjustment controls are assuredly not waterproof.Yet , to be fair , one could not build that circuit for that price . It is just the absence of a sealed case & rust proof screws which prevents the heath zenith from being a solid product . Desa handles the Heath Zenith stuff these days.I live in Ohio , with a real winter , spring & summer - which may have contributed to the sensor 's early demise . Caveat Emptor !
 2 years ago I bought one of these . It has worked fine . This past summer I got another identical unit . It worked fine until the cold weather set in . Below 20 deg F it will not shut off once activated . Thinking it was defective I exchanged it for another . It too would not shut off below 20 deg . Next I purchased an ACE brand . When I opened the box I discovered it was made by the same source as the Heath-Zenith -LRB- Desa Int . -RRB- unit . I installed it anyway hoping ... It too will not shut off below 20 deg.Don ' t buy any of these units ! If anyone has suggestions on another brand that will work in the cold please post it here .
 I bought two of these to give me a little more security at night . The Heath Zenith lights were not quite the cheapest available but almost.After installation I found that , contrary to their claims , I could walk directly passed the sensor and about 75 % of the time it would not turn on unless I was within about 10 feet.I am now uninstalling them and sending them back.Perhaps you get what you pay for , but you would get better security from a stuffed dog .
 Have now had three of these fail . They 're junk . What good is a warranty when they ca n't even send you back the same color light . Sent them a white one , and they send back brown!First two were halogen purchased at Home Depot . Home Depot did n't even have the right replacement bulb .
 I 'm an electrical engineer with an AEE degree , a BSEE degree and a Master of Science degree in IT . I own a home with 21 outdoor light fixtures on it and a detached garage with 14 outdoor light fixtures on it . -LCB- Yes , I guess I like lights -RCB- All my motion lights used to be Intelectron by Brightmond and were purchased from Grossmans about 18 years ago when I built the house . The Intelectron lights worked GREAT ! I did have a couple fail over the past 2 decades but I bought spares and swapped parts between them to keep them working . I just put an addition onto my home and replaced all my outdoor lighting . I used Heath Zenith lights available from Home Depot , Lowes and Valu . As a matter of fact these stores ONLY SELL Heath Zenith . I used 4 different models of Heath Zenith lights . They are all junk.I have called Heath Zenith tech support and spoke with their engineering department to no avail . They have sent me replacement components and had me modify my own lighting to attempt to solve `` their '' problems , all to no avail . Do Not Buy Them.Problems : First , the lights turn on by themselves with no living organism and no source of heat near them.Second , when the light turns on , it may not go off for hours or possibly all night even though the light is set to 5 minutes because they falsely trigger themselves to stay on from the heat of the bulbs.Third , the lights will not turn on even though a person is doing jumping jacks under the light.Fourth , in winter weather the lights will not detect anyone walking near them.Fifth , occasionally when a light is triggered on , it will stay on day and night until the breaker is turned off.Again , DO NOT BUY THEM !!!! They are JUNK!I tried to find info on Intelectron by Brightmond and I think they are out of business . If anyone know of any motion lights that actually work , please post it here . Thank you and God Bless ! Have a great day ! > Daniel K. 4-13-2011
 This review may be in vain as I tried the company 's website and it is gone . I had a couple of hits on a search that say they are out of business . I took the time to post this since I am currently looking for another replacement light and I see Heath is for sale all over the place , so I do n't know what is going on.I have purchased from this company for years and had very good luck . At least until my most recent purchase of this model . The old Heath lights I have still work , they are fifteen years old.It all began about four years ago when I bought what I though was a good product for my newly wired barn . I purchased two of them and at the time they were around thirty dollars each . I mounted them -LRB- not an easy job as they are 15 ' in the air under a soffit -RRB- and tested in `` test '' mode.All was well the first two years except they failed to turn off during the winter months . I kept climbing the ladder and adjusting stuff , thinking it was my fault . Finally one unit quit completely . I called the factory and they agreed to send a replacement since the store had gone out of business . Not bad customer service there.That new replacement worked for one year , actually less than that as I shut both of them down quite awhile ago due to the fact that they never shut down themselves.Today I climbed up the ladder again and installed an old Heath light I had laying around . I tested it and it checked out fine . I need to purchase another light to replace the other defective unit but it sure wo n't be one of these junkers !
 I bought this SL-5412 motion sensor security light about three years ago . I bought it in Home Depot . I installed it under the deck , where it was protected from the rain by the deck itself ; this minimized the possibility of water damage . When I installed it , I immediately discovered that the coverage angle is 90 degrees rather than 150 degrees and that the range is 30 feet rather than 70 feet -LRB- at maximum sensitivity -RRB- . The unit worked for about three years , but recently it died for no obvious reason . The part that died is the motion sensor . The lights are off during the daytime , but during the night they are permanently turned on , regardless of whether there is motion or not . I tried to decrease the sensitivity to the minimum , but the lights still did not turn off . Then I took the motion sensor apart to see whether there was water inside the box . To my surprise , it was completely clean and dry inside the motion sensor box and also inside the bid round box on which the unit was hanged . The printed circuit board looks like new , with no traces of water damage or even dust . This means that after about three years of use the circuit will die even if it is dry . The reason is
 Junk !! I purchased 2 of these . The first one worked for about six months.I thought maybe I just got a bad one.I replaced it and the second one only lasted 3 months !!
 Be warned !! This product DOES NOT come with a power cord . The instructions mention that some units come without power cords . It sure would have been nice if somewhere in the description of this item it would have mentioned that fact .
 this `` snowbird '' installed it a month before going home . Upon returning 6 months later it was frozen solid , after all efforts to free it up . What a waste !!
 This disposal was installed by the builder of our house probably because it is one of the cheapest available . I guess I 'm lucky that it did last 5 years as it is very cheaply made .
 This Whirlaway 291 is a piece of junk that does not even have standard sink fittings . Definitely not a good replacement for the GE disposal we had . . Even paid for by our Home warranty company , it was not a good deal at all and will be replaced again , by us , after only 2 months for a better brand .
 Sensor gone after 3 years , and I cant find my receipt for replacement ! I am looking into paying more for a better quality light that is NOT a Heath product .
 After my order Amozon & the shipper notified me of everything.When my light came i got all the hardware -LCB- box , conduit , wireing -RCB- I installed it myself -LCB- 30 + yr.const.exp . -RCB- and after two hours done.I wired the light to a switch so it would work manually -LCB- come on at night off during daytime -RCB- This worked twice.Then every night i fought with it to stay on.Loseing this battle every night.My blood presure on the rise , I removed the light disconnected my $ 30.00 sensor.And now turn the light on/off with the switch.But everytime I mow the back yard.I can look at my new light and see how nice it looks with that $ 30.00 sensor that do n't work .
 I have purchased about 15 of these over the recent years . The lights function as they should and provide a sense of security . Unfortunately they do not last long . The lifetime of the motion detector varies from 12 to 24 months . At that point the light either does not come on or stays on 24 hours a day . I then buy a new one and throw the old one away.They come with a 10 year warranty now but when they do n't work trying to get a warranty on a 25 $ item is a hassle and if you have to send in parts and receipts it really is n't worth it . I have to tell you that I have had 100 % failure of every one I have purchased and I am installing a new one today . It can be a hassle to rebuild a new light , remove the old one and if it is high up on the house it is really a pain.I wish the lights just worked or I could find a better and more reliable replacement .
 I bought this motion sensor floodlight to detect motion in the backyard when an intruder comes in . However , when I installed the product I had a hard time getting it to turn on again after the first time the floodlight was triggered . I could move all over the place , the LED light was blinking , and the floodlight would refuse to turn on again . This problem did not occur in TEST mode and it only manifested when I switched to the 1-5-10 minute interval.I tried several other units from a retail store , and the units all exhibited the same behavior.Then the light dawned when instead of continuing to move around to keep the floodlight turned on , I paused and waited for a bit after the floodlight was off -- before I moved again . The floodlight finally turned on again!It seems there is a 8-10 secs * delay * after the floodlight turns off -- before the motion sensor signal can correctly trigger the floodlight to turn on again . This is a major security flaw -- as someone can set up a moving object in front of the motion sensor during this time interval ` right after ' the the floodlight turns off -- and the floodlight will NEVER turn back on again.The motion sensor did work ok with a pair of PAR38 CFL floodlights even though the spec did not mention this . The PAR38 CFL floodlights I purchased would not fit the floodlight shields as they were not of the same size as the PAR38 incandescent floodlights . Keep in mind that a CFL does not produce 100 % of the brightness the first few minutes it is turned on.If you are concerned about the security design flaw , do n't buy this motion sensor floodlight from Heath . Otherwise , wait for 8-10 secs delay after the floodlight turns off -- and then move around -- if you want to trigger the floodlight again .
 Bought a new house a year ago , and replaced a broken motion light with this cheap piece of junk . It is doing the exact same as another reviewer stated , it stay on 24 hours a day . I read the manual for the troubleshooting tips , but none worked . Then I went to the internet to see if I could find any help troubleshooting , and found a reviewer that is having the exact same problem on an Amazon review of this product . I have 4 other motion lights that were already installed on my house when I bought it , and they are still working perfectly , and look to be about 5 years older , but they are a different brand . I guess that 's what happens when you buy cheap .
 I installed two of these units and they both malfunctioned in the same way within a few days of installation . If the light switch is on and it is nighttime , the lights blink on and off . Switch positions , delay times and motion in front of the sensor have little effect . I am an electrical engineer with 30 years experience and I know how to read an owners manual and troubleshoot electronics . It is not user error . These units were truly defective . I called Heath/Zenith technical support in hopes of diagnosing the problem . The technician was both arrogant and ignorant of his company 's product . I will not take a chance on installing warranty replacements , nor will I reward their sorry customer service . I will never buy another inferior Heath/Zenith product . Total loss . My advice - choose another brand .
 The lights look nice , but they come on , not only at night , but also during the day . They do n't have all the settings that other sensor lights have .
 Skip the middleman and throw your money directly into the toilet . The motion detector unit is capricious . It is often totally unresponsive even when you wave your hands directly in front of it . Other times the light will come on for no reason and stay on all night long . Sometimes the light will flicker like a strobe . On top of everything , the detector has a short lifespan . This unit is frustrating and is completely undependable as a security device .
 After a year or 6 munths the lights motion sensor shorted out and triped my braker Panel then i reinstalled it and if it had not ben gronded to the house when i tested it would have killed me so DONT GET THIS LIGHT
 THIS HOSE IS VERY STIFF AND HAS A POOR ABRASION FACTOR IE THE VINYL GETS DAMAGED REAL EASY . .
 This item is an IMPORT . It is not made by Whirlaway and does not work for Whirlaway model 191 . The Chemist 's review hit the nail on the head . However I 'd like to add a couple of things
 I ordered this to replace the old stopper for a Whirlaway 191 . The shipping charge is ridiculous but I was willing to pay it just to get this `` impossible to find '' part . Unfortunately this part DOES NOT WORK . It is not a valid replacement . I 'm glad I only ordered one -- which went directly into the trash since it is n't worth returning and I will never recover the almost 7.00 I paid for shipping .
 This was a great price so I bought two ! Be careful when ordering as it was too small . I bought white rubber ones that come in a pack of different sizes for about $ 2 and one of them fits down in the disposal so now I can use my sink as a sink !! Postage was very expensive and many times the cost of the product !
 The EZ-Flo `` stoppers '' -LSB- sic -RSB- are NOT valid replacements for the original stopper lid that came with the Whirlaway disposal . These parts are advertised as perfect fits , fully functional replacement parts for the Whirlaway garbage disposal ... However , when trying one of them out , water would not hold in the sink and drained out instead in a matter of seconds , a total contradiction to the concept of a `` stopper . '' It 's not merely to provide a cover over the disposal , it SHOULD make an adequate seal and keep water within the sink . However , your cheap `` EZ-Flo '' stopper -LSB- sic -RSB- FAILS . I want to return these worthless parts that do n't deliver what they promise AND obtain a FULL refund on the parts AND the exorbitant shipping fee -LRB- that cost more than the parts -- It 's ridiculous that a reasonable choice of shipping methods is n't proffered ... the USPS would 've been much more economical . -RRB-
 I received my twin draft guard in a timely manner , but when I did receive it by mail it was bent so this affected the product . I TOTALLY wasted my money . I used it for a couple of days but , my god it was such a hinderance to open and close the door . The twin draft guard was bent so the material could not adequately cover the draft under my door . It could not even stay attached to the door , so I had to use tape , which was ridiculous It is now back in my closet . It is a purchase that I deepely regret .
 This product does not work . My front door rolled over the foam padding causing the padding to get stuck under the door . I put it on my office door , which is an enclosed porch . It rolls a little smoother , but still does not block cold air .
 Product not as it appears and not condusive to carpet areas . Waste of money to purchase this item
 A very simple solution . Unfortunately it does n't fit all doors.The foam is too soft and as such ends up rolling under the door , creating a tripping hazard .
 My partner and I purchased this for our front door in order to eliminate the need for the `` door snake '' to stop drafts however it did n't work.We followed the directions to trim the Styrofoam inserts by measuring the door length however when trying to close the door it did n't work , the door would n't close properly . I am assuming that this is due to the rubber seal at the bottom of the door to eliminate water coming into the house.I can see how this would work in an interior door , however that does n't make sense if you are trying to control drafts.Bottom line - be weary about purchasing this product if you are looking to stop drafts on your exterior doors , it did n't work for us .
 A waste of money . Door must be very flush to floor in order for guard to stay put and the foam inserts do n't do anything . Very flimsy .
 Picture a tube of styrofoam . Now picture a sock over this tube of styrofoam . That 's what you can expect . It gets bunched up alot but seems to be getting the job done for now . I do n't expect it to last more than a few months . Next time I will look for something more durable .
 This looks as shown but does not work as anticipated . Dont waste your money . A towell works better
 This thing ca n't strip jack ! The where the handles meet , they do n't even touch . It is completely worthless . A sharp knife would do a better job than this . You are just throwing away your money . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 Beware of these filters . They list as 16x16 but are only 15.5 x 15.5 but this company does not bother to tell you that on the item details page . I now have a crappy filter that falls out of the overhead vent EVERYTIME the furnace turns off . So much for trying to save money .
 This filter is too small to fit in a standard carrier . An extra 1/4 inch on each side would fix it .
 This is a very cheap light . It actually broke the very first time I screwed the bulb in . It really is n't worth my time to send it back or deal with the return , I just wanted to post a review for future buyers . The socket itself twisted off its base rendering it useless.I am a mechanical engineer and would fix it if I could but it is unrepairable so its in my junk pile for future projects/parts . fyi homedepo has a better unit for $ 5 , I just could n't find it in my store the first time I looked and jumped on amazon to get one quick .
 I purchased one of these items from my local hardware store on the clearance rack . I was very reluctant as I 've had so much bad luck with several black and decker purchases in the past few years . I once knew B&D ; as a quality American brand - this is the last straw for me . Now I will always know black and decker as a crappy foreign-made company with very cheap products that may last through one use.Out of the box this spray painter was non-functional . I followed all directions and even took the painter apart to clean the piston as instructed . I then did as instructed and ran water through the sprayer to test . Nothing . the machine was excessively loud and vibrated heavily . DOA - it went back to the hardware store the very next day .
 Bought to spray latex paint on new remodel job ... walls , ceilings and trim . Had paint thinned accordingly . This thing leaked paint like a sieve from around the front nozzle all over the floor ... good thing for good prep ! This unit would spray for a little time , stop , sputter , spit globs of paint , then not work some more.After 30 minutes of use it just quit working ... Thank god ! Not wanting to sound like I am biased and manufacturer bashing , I 'm not , the fact is , I shy away from B&D ; products and find them inferior for my taste , this sprayer is no different , I did not select it.This is being returned tomorrow for a Wagner Power Painter .
 I ordered 3 photocells , and none of them worked.refund was quick , though
 these only lasted 1 year . not good quality , fuses and bulbs burn out too quick . would not recommend to anyone
 the first couple of days the charger worked fine . now it doens ' t work properly , nothing should fail so quickly after purchase , a definite do not buy .
 It is sold as a 15 foot cord , but it is really only about 12 feet when stretched to its fullest . I did n't want a 25 foot , because I had that before , and it was wild when it got stretched out . I thought 15 foot would work fine -LRB- I even measured how far I could go with 15 feet -RRB- , but this is not 15 feet .
 It looks like it 's missing some connectors in the jack . When plugged into the phone -LRB- a basic , corded landline -RRB- I can hear others but they can not hear me.Sucks .
 Companies that sell these cords ought to give the length without stretching . I felt deceived . No one stretches out a cord completely , so how is the 15-foot figure helpful . I have to order another now .
 purchased air tank because of the rhino brand name . When I got the item home the initial inspection revealed that it was cheaply made . The first time I used the tank after filling , I could n't get any air to transfer from the tank to the vehicle tires I was trying to adjust . I then tried to determine why and discovered that the filler hose would not depress the valves on any of the tires . I ended up replacing the filler hose with the one from the air tank I was replacing ; now it works fine . I would reccomend you buy a different tank .
 This switch was great for a few years . The fan controls work niecely , but the light switch begins to fail after a couple of years . I have used it with CFL 's . Basically the through switch is too slow because it is so small so it sparks and over time builds up residue . I have stripped the switch down and cleaned it completely , but then only got about a half year more out of it . The light switch is just too small to operate with CFL 's .
 These rods are inexpensive for a reason . They are made cheaply . They bend and break with the first amount of stress they receive .
 amazon sent me the wrong lamp twice , after i paid for 2 day shipping . had to wait for ups to deliver and had to return both wrong items myself . terrible service .
 Looks good and has a nice blade but arrived with one of the brass plates on the butt missing . I have seen other reviews saying the same thing . I would have fixed it but the brass plate was not in the box .
 I know this is not an expensive square , but anyway the wooden handle come twisted , wrapped , seems like the wood was wet when they made the handle.In other word useless as marking tool . I keep it anyway , I saved all the brass fittings and I made a new mahogany handle . I gave 2 stars just for thefittings and the steel blade .
 Since it 's basically one piece of wood I 'm not sure how they managed to screw it up , but they did . The wood body has a twist to it , so the ends above and below the blade are not aligned . I 'm usually the type to try to fix something rather than hassle with a return , but there is no fixing this . I do n't see how Swanson 's quality control could miss this , let alone whoever assembled it . As it came simply bubble-wrapped , I 'm wondering if they just keep recycling the same warped T-bevel that others gave one star and returned ?
 Save your money and buy another brand , the first time I used the gauge the brass came unglued and fell off . I like the lock on the gauge but the quality of the gauge is too poor .
 Because of the following two reasons , I only gave one star rating , First , most importantly , as a gauge , I could not find a flat surface.Second , poor machining and assembly brass fittings .
 This trysquare is not square , as evident from a check using a board and a comparison with a smaller and higher quality square .
 I just received the sliding T-bevel . It is poorly made , not worthy of a craftsperson . Do not buy this item - look elsewhere .
 the heat tape i purshed did not work ... i was very disappointed i just took it for granted it would so i did n't save the box or paper work . .
 Note this is described as both a QT and QP breaker . It is in fact a QT breaker , which will not substitute for a QP . The other way around may be true .
 The lamp was smaller than I thought , It arrive with no cord to insert the light bulb . I also bought a Midsummer so I used that one . Still I like it .
 I can not really give a unbiased rating due to the fact that it broke in less than two minutes after I took it out of the package . Flexible is not really a word that should be placed on this product , because you have to be a weightlifter in order to bend it . I also bought another company 's extension so I would not have to wait another week to get it and it was just as hard , but it did n't crumble .
 Several months ago I bought four bulbs of this model in 150 watts . They are advertised as having a `` 2 year long life , '' with a guarantee . The bulbs seemed like a reasonably compact shape , with a lot of light for the money . I was very disappointed in their performance . In regular service , no bulb has lasted longer than three months . The lamp ca n't be blamed , as I placed them in two different lamps . I would send them in for a refund , but it requires a receipt , which I discarded shortly after purchase . I would definitely not recommend this product , especially at a premium price some vendors are asking .
 The Door catches when it 's open so it does n't close ... the design is flawed as is the machining . Buy something else .
 i hate to say this , but this masking tape is no good at all . it is so thin , it tears a lot when you try to pull some out , and when i got a long 1 inch ribbon from it i gave up . did n't masking tape used to be thick and reliable ?
 We had a problem with our tape leaking . We taped off the walls to work on the trim , but the white paint soaked through the tape and now our blue walls are all spotty .
 I bought this fogger in June 2012 after having owned a Burgess Fogger previously . I was pleased with service the first one gave , but I could tell with the first use of this new one that it was not the same quality as the one I bought about 15 years ago . The new one performed well two times , and then today -LRB- Sept. 2 , 2012 -RRB- when I used it the fuel would not stop flowing when I released the trigger . Even after setting the `` safety '' on the trigger , the fuel still flowed . My window to return the product expired in July .
 Product works well until the fluid level gets to about 1/3 full . Once at that point the sump is not able to pick up the fluid well and generate the fog as required . It 's OK , but not great . I would not buy this product again or recommend it to a friend .
 Okay you fill it , light it , and wait for it to heat up . If you cut the flame too high it turns into a flame thrower -LRB- not kidding -RRB- . It shoots fire 5 feet ! Then you run up and start over . Cut off put out flame and slowly turn up propane to light pilot . Too little and it cuts off and you squirt the bug juice and then you must start over . Now when you have it set perfectly wow get ready it shoots fog for 10 feet so thick neighbors will think you house is on fire not kidding ! It does n't really cut down on bugs and your exposed skin feels weird for a few days after using . Even if you are in a no wind situation this will blow on you at some point its fog , its everywhere!This could be effective for spraying a large broadcast in 360 degrees while camping or if you back yard is a huge swampy acreage . Not for your average back yard needless to say the fallout from litigious happy neighbors that are `` concerned '' about the fog blanketing their back yard where their kids and dog play . Stick with Tiki lamps and mosquito dunks in your rain gutters probably more effective.Suggestions hold it real low to the ground and the fog will sit low for a bit.If the maker could change the dial and have setting so you do n't crank the fire too high ??
 I bought this in june and its n ot august . Item stopped working and I can return it . 3x use and nothing
 it was very frustrating to open the package and see the space where the bottle of insecticide should have been . af
 I had used the Black Flag fogger for years until it stopped working . After researching it appeared that the Burgess would be better so I purchased it . However , I was disappointed by its performance . Compared to the Black Flag fogger it did not have an ignitor so you need a separate flame source . It consumed much more liquid for the area you are fogging and it did not put out the volume of fog either . It also does not shut off as easily . On the plus side it does appear to be better made with its own reservoir .
 Worked like a charm the first time ; not as well the second time ; not at all the third time -LRB- just a faint puff of smoke and nothing more -RRB- . I followed all of the instructions to the letter , but the device is now fit for the garbage can .
 I do not know why Flojet thought it was a good idea to make the intake 1 1/4 inches , but that size fittings are very hear to find in my area . I had to order a reducer online so my 2 &#34; well supply would fit in the intake . And THEN the supply outlet is 1 &#34; . Duh . Or duh me because I did not check the owners manual on the Flotec website to see what the pipe connections are . Oh , wait . Do they actually tell you the pipe sizes ? Are they marked at the inlets/outlets ? I also got a Flojet bladder tank to mount the pump on top . But wait . The connections on the pump base do not match any holes on the tank . You can make them fit with the pump feet hanging over the tank base . I am sure the pump will work fine once I get all the irregular , regular fittings to go in the places they need to be . So when I decided to get a supplemental drinking water supply tank I ordered a Shurflo . We will see what their engineers can design .
 This product might be great for a warehouse , but in a residence , the sound of any setting above the small insect setting is very noticeable , and disruptive . We bought it for rodents , but the setting for small animals-rats , squirrels , etc , was not the barely audible level the sales materials claim . Not appropriate for any level of the house you are living in , except perhaps an uninhabited basement or attic . Perhaps .
 Purchased this as well as two other repellers from this same company and had to send back this and one other because they stopped working or never worked . I tested them on our two dogs this one worked at first but two days later stopped the other one never worked.I kept the one that transmits through the structures wiring but I do n't know if that one is working either.We got mice in our basement and I purchased these from Amazon as well as a bunch of inexpensive Black and Decker repellers from Home Depot and a few other cheap ones from other places -LRB- the idea being that they all transmit a little differently and to create as much of a disturbance to the mice as possible -RRB- . I put the cheap ones in every room of the house to make sure the mice went out the same way they came in . The intention was that once the mice were driven out of the house to place the more expensive ones in the garage and the cordless one was going to be placed in our shed in the backyard . -LRB- Both of these I sent back -RRB- . When I plugged one of the cheap ones in the basement a mouse jumped out startled and tried to get away as fast as possible.Hope this helps.All together I have spent close to $ 200 on repellers and peppermint oil . I have filled in all the holes in the basement walls with `` Greatstuff '' and steelwool and after 1-2 months it seems that there are no more mice .
 One week after I received the Bird-X TX-PRO Electronic Pest Repeller , it just stopped working , it was returned for a full refund . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I have noticed fewer mice in my studio which is located in a field next to wooded area . However yesterday I walked in to the sight of a mouse grooming itself sitting right next to the `` TX-Pro Repeller '' . The Repeller was turned on its loudest setting . This makes me think that the reduction in mice might be due to the poisoning and sealing I incorporated at the same time . It may work somewhat , I will continue to keep it plugged in but I am not sure it actually works .
 This product is very loud . The medium setting for mice is loud but the high setting for rodents is untolerable . I have had several of the electronic repellers but never have had one this loud . It would probably be perfect for a warehouse that you do n't have to occupy for any length of time . Good quality , just too loud . It was delivered quick through Amazon as usual . Amazon has great vendors .
 I bought this for a New Hampshire cabin that always gets mice over the winter . I used this -LRB- very loud -RRB- unit and voila ... no mice , no squirrels ... not even a spider . I like it ... you probably will too . Just follow the directions.UPDATE : This worked well , while it worked , but when I opened my cabin in the spring the unit had died and was making no noise at all . I called the company and they sent me a new one . I plugged it in , closed up the cabin , and when I came back in two weeks the NEW unit had died as well.Poorly made and NOT made to leave on for long periods of time -LRB- which defeats the purpose entirely , yes ? -RRB- . Dont waste your money ... !!
 I bought it in Summer and expected to expel away my neighbor 's cats . Followed the instruction to set it to the medium level for the cat but the sound sending out was so annoying - ear-piercing sound . Specially in Summer there are more activities outside the backyard and opening windows , I simmply ca n't take it . I finally returned it and use Moth Ball instead .
 I found a bat sleeping not even 3 feet from this unit . It is COMPLETELY USELESS FOR BATS !
 Do n't waste your money on this product . By the time I paid to receive/return it , I lost almost half the cost of purchase !! Did n't fase any of the rodents around my house AT ALL !
 Do n't buy this item if you think it will repell birds the name bird X tx pro sounds impressive . but it is only a name.I have a barn with starlings roosting in it , less than 10 feet away and who knows if the rodents are being repelled away by it . This item can be bought at Harbor freight for a lot less money and no shipping charges if you got a store close to where you live .
 Problem with this unit is that it can only be operated at one of 3 ranges of the frequencies availabe . Other units throw out all frequencies . Secondly , this unit can only be used far away from the premises because of it 's bothersome loud sound . Thirdly , it does not have ` through-the-wire ' frequency to penetrate the wiring system like other units do.I would not recomment this unit to anyone . Matter of fact I would recommend either Ultimate AT or better yet EPC .
 I purchased this product to control birds in my Barn.After much research of this product i was convinced it would perform.As directed I gave it 2 weeks to show results . As of today My bird population has not changed , with the unit on med . the birds appear not to be affected at all.Also this unit has no effect on the rodents , this coulb be a result of the height of the unit.I do n't find it practical to add another unit . The barn is 1254 s.f.
 Do n't get rid of nothing bugs spider ect do n't run from this all it does is make a lot of noise waste of money do n't buy
 I only turned this item on so far , and two of three settings are so loud no one will use them . Someone is clueless who designed it . There is only one quiet setting and I hope the sounds will deter some bats when i am swimming at night . Again , you may seriously want to think about buying this item . Anyone who buys this and tries the two loud settings will say what the # ! # ! . Two stars may be too high of a rating .
 I have trouble with squirrels and small song birds nesting in my yard and in my attic . The Bird-X seemed to be the ideal answer to my problem -- And had it worked as advertised it would have been . I have this large live oak not l5 feet out from my back porch . After placing the Bird-X in a sheltered spot on the porch and turning the volume up full bore I sat back to watch the action . Nothing . Absolutely nothing . As I sit here now , writing this , a pair of squirrels and a couble of mocking birds are just busy as beavers building nests within a few feet of the Pest `` repeller '' . I do n't know what you can do to get rid of insects but as far as birds and small animals go you 'll be much better off investing in a 20 gage shotgun . Do n't even THINK about buying this piece of junk . Or , If you think you just got ta have one . Tell you what -- I 'll sell you mine for 10 bucks . How 's that ??
 This team is very noisy and did no effectI also tried all the sound and the frogs , spiders , NONE cuso no effect
 I bought the unit primarily to rid my out building of squirrels . I found that it only irritated the squirrels but not enough for them to leave the building . The only irritation is to the owner as it did n't work out for me .
 I got this device as I have a bat problem , and I was hoping for a non poison method of getting rid of the little creepy rats on wings . I do n't really mean them any harm , I do n't want them dead , I just want them to realize that I do n't want to share a home with them.While the device did warn that it was more intended for outdoor use , I was going to try it in my attic and see how annoying it was . A working product may be worth a mild noise I may or may not notice . When I first hooked it up , the device was quiet enough that I did n't notice it all all through out my house on the BAT setting . Great!About 4 days after I had the device installed , I noticed that I could hear it when on the second floor of my house . I figured I must not have had the switch firmly into the bat setting and it must have gone up a notch . When I got up to pick up the device , I heard a bat a few feet behind me ... taking a gander at me in their ultrasonic way . It did n't seem to care about the device , nearly as much as I cared about being that close to it.It still goes up and down in volume depending on the day . Some days its loud , some days it is n't noticed even in the dead of night . Why the variance ? Either it is reacting to the bats being nearby -LRB- which means they still do n't care much about it as its been many weeks -RRB- or the device was just not well made .
 When I plugged this in , the noise it made was shocking . No way you can have this unit in your living space . I returned it for a refund .
 I bought 2 of these to use over the winter to keep mice out of my pool shed and grill . In the pool shed , the mice made their nest directly behind this product . In the grill , the mice made their nest directly underneath this product . It did seem to keep lions , tigers , and elephants away , but then we never had a problem with lions , tigers , and elephants before we purchased this product.Bird-X TX-PRO Transonic Pro Electronic Pest Repeller
 This unit costs much more than others and quits working in months . The reason is , I believe , that paper is used for cones in the speakers . Plastic would not change characteristics and cease to vibrate . Pressure on the speaker cones makes them vibrate again while it is maintained . Attempts to maintain the correct pressure for continued operation are fruitless.Do not pay the high price for this unit . It is not worth it and I suspect the same is true of other Transonic , BirdX branded products .
 I bought this product a few days back . I plugged it in to drive the squirrels away from my driveway . I left it on on loud for one night and the squirrels were gone ! I was a very happy camper.But that lasted only for a day ! The next evening I turned it on and it started chirping as usual . Then at bedtime I went back to check on it and lower the volume and found that unit was not working and I could see a red lamp in the back lighted . It seems the unit is dead after one night use.So I have mixed review of this product . If it is operating normally , it works but the electronics quality is not reliable so there is no guarantee how long it will last . And at $ 35 , I ca n't afford to replace it every week ! I have a 90 day warranty from HFT so I may exchange it before 90 days , but I may return it too .
 This product was purchased in good faith assuming that they were ok to use for Australian power supply of 240V without a converter , but alas on plugging them in they burnt out and are of no use to me now . I emailed the supplier to this extent and received an answer to the effect that I should have had a converter and would take no responsibility in selling electrical products overseas as it was my fault in not having a converter . Also that it would be better to buy my products in Australia , a negative answer as to my problem.Surely these products that are advertised in other places other than the USA should come with a converter when being sent to other places other than the USA , or being advised that a converter is required to use these products other than where they were originated.I am now out of pocket for the cost of the products and delivery charge , I will not be buying any more electrical products from the USA and will be informing all my friends and others to do the same.William Tyler
 I am not happy with this product . To get it to repel big animals the noise is so loud that it makes you deaf . It has attracted all types of bugs and especially roaches into my house . Something I do not understand . Very unhappy with it . Too bad I wasted my money . Do not recommend this at all .
 I bought this device to help chase squirrels out of the attic in my garage . I received it on the evening of February 6th , set it up and it appeared to be working well . A loud audible noise was being broadcast by the pest repeller . I shut the garage door and could still slightly hear the unit in operation . This morning my wife called me at work to see if I had turned the device off as there was no noise coming from the garage . I told her I would check out the unit when I returned home in the late afternoon . I went to the garage and found the repeller with the red power light on - but no audible sound coming from it . I tried changing the settings to see if I could coax the unit back to life , but it was DOA.For now I have rated the repeller one star . I have requested a replacement and will update this review accordingly .
 This item did not work as advertised and i would not recommend it to anyone . Sorry would not repel anything .
 i bought this to get rid of rodents in my garage . the unit is loud . it did get rid of the rodents . but it is also annoying to humans.well working in the garage i have to unplug the unit . I WOULD NOT RECOMMED BUYING IT .
 It was extremely Loud and did n't work , except on me . I wanted to leave the area every time I turned it on
 i tried this unit in my Gym/Office . Plugged it in , set the levels , and left it on for two weeks . What i came to discover was it definately was not working as advertised in that several mice had taken up residence in a shoe box not more than 6 feet from this unit . it is a good people repellant though , the noise is obnoxious .
 I am surprised it 's a commercial product . Even in the `` quiet '' mode , it ` stoo noisy . I bought this to repel raccoons and squirrels , but it annoyedmy family and neighbors . It 's not as the product description said `` The noise is intolerable to pests yet friendly to pets and humans '' . Finally , I returned it and I paid double shipping fee to get rid of this product.If you have 10 acres backyard , it may be powerful to repel most of creature , otherwise , do n't think about it .
 I purchase the Pest Repeller to chase off a squirrel that was living between a ceiling and floor . It left for a day or two of me putting the repeller upstairs but it has since returned and seems un-affected by the repeller . I have moved it to different locations and the squirrel just moves to a differnt area further away.I may just have a stubbron squirrel , but am disappointed since I 've had to call for professional assistance .
 the product itself isnt what its cracked up to be ! The med & high settings are so loud they are sure to repell humans as well as rodents ! To boot , it broke exactly 28 days after opening the box .
 I purchased the unit,Bird-x tx-pro , to keep squirrles out of my atic . Completely ineffective , use moth balls , tempory but effective .
 Purchased two repellers 2 weeks ago and nothing changed !! To me it seems there are now more bugs . They were driven out of the walls instead of into them !! This product is not worth the money . DO NOT BUY !! I will be returning them as ASAP !!
 HAD 12 SMALL COONS IN THE GARAGE AT NIGHT COME UP FROM THE WOODS . WHEN I TRIED THIS PRODUCT , WE ONLY HAD 9 , SO I GUESS IT WAS NOT ALL BAD .
 OK . I bought into this item thinking it would do something . I planned on using it to protect our summer cottage during the winter this year from all kinds of pests . I got and tried it out . First off just like the rest of the reviews it can be very loud and you do NOT want to use this product if you are going to be around it . So I found a spider and I though I would give it a try with this handy dandy ultra sonic bug zapper . So I placed the Bird-X TX-PRO in a box with the spider and cut an opening for the spider to leave on the other side . I turned the Bird-X TX-PRO on and left for 24 hours . The spider actually got closer to the noise maker to hide itself . One would have though it would have run out the hole on the other end . Not the case here . I tried the other setting and the results being very similar . I finally did the unthinkable and squished the bugger with tissue paper and sent him on the porcelain express . Bottom line is this product is JUNK , save your money and go buy something else .
 I pluged the unit in as directed only to discover the next day it did n't work ! I tried several things to rectify the problem but to no avail . I took it apart and added an external speaker and it is working fine . I believe the speakers were faulty !
 I got this to mark off a section of the dance floor for A bouncer to stand , did n't stick so we were going to use it on the metal railing So people stop running into it , again it did n't stick . So last we were going to try to stick it to a wooden beam and AGAIN IT DID N'T STICK ! Useless .
 Package was missing the sink clips , which FRANKE USA sent to me free of charge , not that that exactly helped when the contractor was here and could n't finish the sink plumping without the sink in place properly . The sink itself is really nice and has a `` warm '' texture , if that makes any sense . However , this is WAY overpriced at Amazon , and I regret buying it here . I drew attention to their overprice and they reduced it , and I , like an idiot , bought it . It was $ 60 cheaper at Menards . If you like this sink , compare price to Menards . The FRANKE and Kindred are just different names - exact same product . Hey Amazon , if you 're reading this , I 'll gladly accept my $ 60.00 credit whenever you wish !
 Priced great but you get what you pay for . The rack works well for screwdrivers & nut drivers but wrenches fall thru easily . We ended up having to get a separate rack for wrenches .
 It has 96 holes -LRB- I guess , I never counted them -RRB- , but I doubt it could hold that many tools unless you have an incredible screw driver collection . The larger holes are not quite big enough for hammers , too big for screwdrivers or chisels , so why are they there ? It does bend with a load over time . For the same money you could find a couple of scraps of wood , a few screws and drill your own holes to make a rack that is truely useful ! I came by mine as a gift , so I do n't have anything in it . I would n't buy one .
 I have to say I was expecting this to happen , it jsut sound to be to good of a deal , but I thought I 'd try it any way . After getting just 1 disc , I called and spoke with a rude customer service who was unwilling to admit a mistake , and did not want to help me at all . I hope this company is either taken off Amazon or can at least switch to advertising the real product !!!!
 Ordered this product based on a part number match printed on the Amazon advert . When received it was the wrong part . Sent it back at and received refund from Amazon . Company selling it told me Amazon will print blanket data for similar parts no matter what company is selling . Amazon has since removed that part number compatability mismatch .
 I buy these flashlights because their capabilities despite of their size make them very useful and a lot of friends and coworkers buy them from me , however , I did not expect to receive many of them with very low to almost dead batteries , almost half the ones I ordered are in that condition , not gon na be able to sell them , , , lost some money !!
 Myself , my cousin , and a friend own this brand of light , and all 3 of us have problems with this thing !!! The light starts turning itself on at the slightest jiggle , which is annoying . This problem can be fatal for a soldier ! I wrote to the company telling of this problem and that I ca n't send this light to my military pen-pals in Iraq , and they said `` we are aware of this problem and are working to correct it '' . This does n't comfort me since I smashed the piece of junk 2 months ago . My Princton Tec light is smaller and without problems !
 This is an amazing little light when you first get it -- small , with a keychain , extremely bright , and with four different modes -- steady bright , steady dim , blinking , and lighting only when depressed . Then , after about a week , you start noticing that every time you take the light our of your pocket , the light is on . So you switch it to the `` on only while depressed mode , '' but the next time you take it out of your pocket , it is still on . By three weeks later , the batteries are mostly drained , with only enough remaining to offer just about as much light as your cell phone 's LCD.Get this if you want to have a tiny backup flashlight in a drawer . DO NOT get it if you are going to be stuffing this in your pocket or purse or bag .
 Due to some work I do at night in a warehouse I needed a small light that I could just attach to my keychain . I did n't need a full flashlight , just something that I could use for a few minutes a few times a week.I thought this light would be perfect . At first it was . Then the light got dimmer and dimmer . I noticed that the light was frequently turned on in my pocket - pant pocket , jacket , it did n't matter . I assume the same would happen in a woman 's purse . This runs the battery down fast.Another reviewer pointed out that you can just replace the battery . You can - but it costs almost $ 5 which means you 're basically buying a new flashlight each time . In my experience , the batteries -LRB- I 've gone through two -RRB- last no longer than a month with only about 15 to 20 minutes of actual use . Total waste of money.Ditto the comments of the soldier reviewer . This is junk .
 strong beam . great size . but you 'll find this on inside your pocket , draining the batteries .
 This flashlight arrived non-working . It would not turn on . When I started to examine it closer it fell apart . It is junk .
 it 's handy in very dark places . easily fits onto a keychain . the bad thing is either mine was received with a weak battery or the battery life on this is extremely poor . it lasted about one week only . i have not changed the battery yet .
 I got this light as a gift just last week . I unwrapped it , put it on my key chain , and at the end of the day it was GONE . The clip must have come apart - so I did n't even get to use the light , just to try it out . Worthless clip - what a waste !!!
 I own this Inova micro light and the Photon freedom and Photon II micro lights , and the Photon micro lights are much better in my opinion.Not only are the Photons built out of much tougher plastic , but the battery seems to last longer and the Photons are smaller . And unlike this Inova micro light , the Photon II wo n't accidentally turn on and waste your battery as easily when it 's on your key ring in your pocket.The Photon freedom micro light wo n't easily turn on and waste its battery life either , as long as you remember to turn it onto its temporary on/off mode after you 're done using it . And changing it to this temporary on/off mode is really quick and easy , but it is slightly hard to remember to always turn it onto this temporary on/off mode after you 're done using it.But this Inova micro light has no way of protecting itself from accidentally turning on and wasting its battery . So if it 's on your keys in your pocket it will more then likely get turned on accidentally and waste its battery , and then when it comes time to use it , notta.All the other flashlights made by Inova are absolutely great , but this Inova micro light just is n't up to par.So buy a Photon instead .
 Did n't fit , had to file it down to fit . Then when I did use it , it smelt and smoke real bad . At first it got hot fast , now it takes time to heat up . Same thing on the other tips I bought
 worked well for 5 days then stopped working - an of course frozen pipes there after - not fun at all
 Not a bad idea but not entirely necessary under any circumstances . Save your money and use a 4x4 or something similar .
 I 'm an electrician , and the design of this pouch is great if you ask me , tools fit where they should , I do n't have to look when reaching , etc , etc. ... Problem is this is a sorry excuse for a klein product . I 've owned two of these now , and the pockets keep ripping ... all of them . i 'm not putting anything in there sharp like a drywall knife or such , just everyday tools like channel locks , side cutters , diaganoal cutters , screwdrivers , etc.Sooner or later , more likely sooner , you 'll have tools poking out the bottom , if not , falling out alltogether . Until i see a new version with the proper padding for everyday use , i 'm not buying anymore klein pouches or anything of the like . But if you can afford to buy a new tool pouch every 3-4 months , go right ahead and buy this product .
 I 've used this as my main tool pocket with the belt , suspenders , hammer loop , and a lh accessory pocket for the past 6 years . The whole rig is falling apart . The top lip of the tool pockets are n't built to handle the rigors of everyday use . This rig is built for the foreman who wants to look important when the boss comes around , and is n't built to handle the rigors of the everyday worker .
 I 've used this exact pouch model for the last 8 years . My old one broke and so i ordered a new one . the pocket that is closest to the klein tools emblem was never sewed so rather than be 2 small pockets it is one pocket . so instead of being a 19 pocket pouch it is an 18 pocket . I thought that it would be ok at first , but after using it for a few weeks i realized that it really does n't work well because the pouch hangs open more than it should and then tools fall out . I should have sent it back . I 'm disappointed with the order being defective , and with myself for not sending it back !!!
 I 'll start by saying that I love Klein tools . As an electrician , there is no question which brand of hand tools I purchase and use - its Klein . However , I 've owned this pouch for 5 months , and its already ripped . Not a small rip , mind you - ripped as in it fell right off my belt , and ca n't go on again without a healthy dose of duct tape . Absolutely ridiculous .
 Picture is misleading - appears to have a clear coating to deter bugs . But it 's actually the same as all of those yellow coated bug lights . And , does NOT work - have just as many moths - same as before using regular floods . And uses more watts - regular was 50W , these are 85W with no added benefit for added wattage .
 The bulb was broken on arrival . Given the hassle factor of the return , replaced it at local retailer . Downside to internet purchasing .
 Looking at this product , I wonder how it ever made it to the market . It is full of design elements that make it very accident-prone : - When a rasp is used , many people would hold the rasp by grasping the handle with one hand , and the tip of it with the other . With this tool , you have a sharp blade at the point where you would usually grip the rasp . Sure , it comes with a plastic cap , but it will become lost sooner or later . Cut-up fingers are very likely.-The functionality of the chisel is compromised by the presence of the rasp . A chisel has a large , flat surface going all the way from the edge to the handle
 This is the second of these I 've purchased and am disappointed with the lack of edge on them . My four year old nippers of the exact same brand are sharper than these brand new . I would recommend buying something a bit higher end or returning them if you 're not happy with the sharpness . I had mine for too long before use to do this so I have only myself to blame for dull nippers .
 I was anxious to put these new nippers to use as my old ones were badly chipped thanks to a friend using them to pull horseshoe nails . But I was very disappointed when I went to use the new ones from Diamond , who I thought had a good reputation for quality products . They were so dull they would hardly cut a hoof at all . I had to use all my strength to get one hoof trimmed . I finally went back to the old nippers , chips and all . They took about half the effort . I 'm going to see if I can return these nippers .
 I did not get and what I ordered and Amazon and supplier keep ignoring my emails and complaints . As the reviews say you do .
 they sent me the wrong knife so i do n't know how awsome the thing was .
 laser measurers far better than this unit . Measurements all over the place . Unit can not seem to zero in on walls , solid objects . Difficult to figure out where it really is pointing due to lack of laser pointer .
 this tool is only useful if u want to find an estimate of length its not close to reality and time consuming if u want exact length it has around 20cm diffidence than real measurement.i wish i never bought this crap i wish i could have gone with a real laser measuring tooli ll probably never gon na use it again maybe give to my son when he grows older to play with it with his friends . really crap.u cant make an estimate of how much tile u need for flooring or wallpaper for walls u will have to go with more reliable measuring device than this
 Does not work . Purchased for a handyman . He said he got vastly different ratings each time he measured the same space . This is unusable .
 ... this &#34; gadget &#34; simply does n't work . I had to return it after several attempts to get an accurate reading that never occurred .
 The knife feels good in your hand and it folds up nicely for carrying around in your pocket ; but that is about all . If you are only cutting cardboard or other clean materials it will serve you well . Has a professional remodeler it does not measure up . Cut a piece of sheetrock and you must clean the blade in order to retract it . If the blade can not be fully retracted the knife can not be folded . Cut tar paper or membrane and forget retracting the blade . Changing from the supplied blade to a Lennox blade was easy ; but the knife could not retract the Lennox blade fully.Save your money , buy something else .
 Would never recommend doing business with Savio Engineering . Poor quality products . Absolutely no quality control . And should you receive a defective product like I did , once its in your hands , Savio believes its a warranty issue and you need to fill out the forms and send it back at your expense . Not a responsible manufacturer and they also misrepresent the capabilities of their products , which I believe is intentional . Plan on filing a complaint about their false advertising with the FTC . Avoid at all costs .
 I bought this Black phosphate Crescent wrench online because I can not find the black phosphate ones in the stores . The black phosphate wrenches do not corrode and they have a much better grip even when doing greasy work . I did quite a bit of research to find ones made in the USA and this seller advertises the wrench as made in USA but when I received the wrench it said made in China . I prefer not to buy tools from China because they use child labor and inferior metal to make their tools . I will be returning this item . Sell what you advertise !
 Washer worked normally for about an hour , then the motor started to overheat popping the circuit breaker . After cool down , it would run for a short period before stopping again . Each cooldown produced a shorter and shorter work period before stoppage . Skip this one unless you like a lot of breaks .
 Do not buy this pressure washer . Cheaply made and only lasted about 10 hours . No help from customer service .
 Everytime I would turn this thing on it would blow a fuse in my house!I 've tried it at my home and several others ' homes , and it would stay on 5 minutes tops!I hate it .
 The power to the unit did not work . Would not recommend this unit , spent time putting together and sending back . Amazon great at returning the unit .
 I purchased the Sistema WK3 from Amazon last year . I used it for about ten minutes to see if it worked . It worked poorly and kept shutting down on anything but minimum power . Never the less I figured it should do the small job I intended to use it for . I wanted to wash and stain my deck in spring . I followed the instructions for storage as written in the manual and then put it away until now . It ran for about 10 seconds yesterday and then quit . That is when I found out that information and parts are not available . If you are considering a purchase of a Sistema try searching for yourself before wasting your money . Since the unit is useless as is and no information or parts are available I opened it up to see what was wrong . The motor has an open winding already . I spent my money on garbage and am just giving this review so you might look elsewhere for something that will be of use to you . If you have money to waste buy a Sistema because that is probably what you will be doing , wasting your money .
 The washer arrived but none of the extensions , lances fit into the gun . The washer is refurbished and the lances are old.I have been calling Sistema but no one picks up the phone . There 's no answering machine , the line just drops.I tried sending them a note on their Contact Us page on their website , but the `` Submit '' button does not work !!!!!! Buy at your own peril .
 I was n't expecting top of the line at this price , but this unit is still made quite cheaply and flimsy . Upon first using it I struggled with the motor cutting in and out . I 'd have decent pressure for 2 minutes , then no pressure , then the pressure would kick back-in . This was , as you can imagine , quite frustrating.The process for returning the item to Sistema was also very frustrating . You 're not dealing directly with Amazon here , but rather a `` partner '' who is not as focused on customer service as Amazon .
 The motor runs only occasionally . You usually have to restart it 4-5 times before the pump turns on . It blows the circuit breaker most of the time and you have to keep changing to a different outlet . I would not recommend this washer . I have had it for a year and used it maybe a total of 2 hrs . The pressure regulator knob falls off . The storage reel falls off . The handle is loose and wobbly . The GFI is almost impossible to keep on . You will spend more time trying to get the unit to start then you will spend washing .
 Worked well for a very short time.Now it trips the breaker before it starts cranking out the pressure.Calling the customer service department is not much help . It feels like you 're calling someone 's house . They seem to know very little about the product.The hose connections are drippy.Basically this thing is n't worth your money.Trust me , do n't buy it .
 I am foolish enough to have bought TWO of these . The first did n't work , the hardware store took it back . When the second did not work , I sent it back to the company . Two weeks later I get it back , and they will not pay shipping.I highly DO NOT recomend this product .
 Very poor build quality . I have mine in the garage unused , until I get time to fix the loose capacitor swinging inside the case by it 's wires - the machine was delivered in a potentially dangerous condition with live mains wires exposed inside wet case - at this price , transaction cost to return is too high.Second installment.I fixed the unit today and fired it up - took an hour and a spot or two from a glue gun to seat a large capacitor into it 's case . The hose fitting supplied was European -LRB- not surprising from an Italian manufacturer -RRB- , so it needed a trip to the hardware store to get adapter for my US hose . Wow ! VERY impressed with the power . Despite my earlier misgivings , which still hold , this is a very powerful unit for the price . Used it to clean the car and de-moss the yard today . Much happier . I also needed to call the helpline , as I chose to test the unit with the wrong -LRB- low pressure -RRB- lance - lesson in reading manual . Helpline was very , er , helpful!Bottom line - powerful , cheap but built in Italy -LRB- I own a Ducati OK -RRB- - so , not sutable for your gran.Tell me I am paranoid , but it seems that everything I buy from Amazon just recently is somewhat substandard - is Amazon becomming a dumping ground for reject/returned parts ? We buy from Amazon because we do n't have time to shop . Therefore we do n't have time to return . Go figure . We do , however , have time to complain and write reviews.Clean your act up guys .
 Had this model for a year and I can tell you it is a major piece of crap . This summer I had to take it apart to fix a loose wire . The motor would n't shut off when I let off the handle . I had to put the wire back on that controlled that function with electric tape and a wire tie . Then a week ago went to use it to clean the garage floor it blew the outlet hose off . Called customer service and they were very rude . First rudely told me I ca n't be using it in cold weather . I told them I use it in a heated garage to wash the salt of the truck and floor . Said the threads are stripped . I told them I never took the hose off . I used it since last December . He then raised his voice telling me again the threads are stripped . They told me I would have to ship the unit to them . I am not going to bother . I am just going to junk it . If they were n't so rude I would consider shipping it back to them , but why bother when they act like this .
 I GOT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY HUSBAND FOR FATHER 'S DAY . UNFORTUNATELY HE DID NOT USE IT UNTIL OCTOBER , AND FOUND PIECES MISSING AND THE SUDSING HOSE DOES NOT WORK . $ 165.00 THROWN AWAY WHAT JUNK
 Well , as others have said , there really is n't alot of tape . This is a tiny piece . I was looking around for around 25 foot of glow tape when I spotted this . I think my eyes saw what I wanted them to see and not what really was . I THOUGHT it said 2 '' x 24 ' -LRB- feet -RRB- , boy was I surprised when I unrolled it to see a 2 foot piece of tape . And for $ 13 and change with shipping , I must say I regret this purchase . Does glow bright though ...
 This product is yet another in a long line of disappointments.It seems everyone wants to make a quick buck , and the way to do it is to make ambiguous claims about `` visible in dark for hours '' and `` high visibility '' . There are phosphorescent products that do the job of being especially bright , but they are three times the cost of this product.I guess price will have to be my guide .
 I bought these in addition to the magnetic slide mounting tool.I was building a filing cabinet that does not have a rail in between the drawers . The cabinet has a face frame but the drawers are floating and there is no horizontal rail that defines the separation between openings . I did n't expect this to be an issue , but it rendered these tools ineffective.I did n't understand this difference until I tried to mount my full extension drawer slides and I was having trouble clamping the tool down on the vertical stile of my face frame . Because these share the same mounting configuration , they do n't clamp to the stile either . I could n't find a spot to get any leverage on it or use C-clamps to hold it in place . I ended up cutting stop blocks -LRB- story sticks -RRB- to do the mounting . Afterward I went back to have another look at the tool instructions and only then did I notice that all illustrations showed the tool clamped to a horizontal rail . That 's a subtle difference that belies the advertisement that these and the other tool are perfect for mounting drawers and drawer slides.Perhaps if I was building a more conventional kitchen cabinet -LRB- or a few of them -RRB- this would be worth it , but I was pretty annoyed . I bought this and the other drawer mounting tool from Kreg . Since Kreg 's pocket hole jig got me into furniture building , I expected more from these and the other tool which cost about $ 45 together . A tool like this could certainly be a bit more universal and would only require minor modifications to allow it to be used on stile or rail - why do n't they do that ?
 Wo n't even heat right out of the package . If it worked the price was right , now I 'm not sure it 's even worth returning .
 Shortly after I got the iron , the tip fell out.Moreover , its heat was to low to sufficiently melt the solder -LRB- at least in a reasonable amount of time -RRB- .
 I am not a professional cabinet maker but I have installed many slides on various projects I have built . While I have found Kreg to be an excellent tool maker overall , I was unimpressed with this particular one . I found it cumbersome to use and I did not see any benefit in time or effort . In my view , this tool is a complete waste of money .
 did n't work well w / installing the drawer slides for dresser I had to replace . I had to rig up several clamps and it still was n't accurate or helpful in making installation easier
 I got this tool to help mount about a dozen 20 '' drawer slides in my kitchen cabinets . After trying to mount a few slides using this tool , it quickly became apparent that this tool is a complete waste of money . I ca n't say that it makes mounting drawer slides into existing cabinets any easier , in fact , I think it slowed me down by trying to get the tool clamped in place and then not bumping it and then trying to drill pilot holes or mount screws ... it just does not workYou are better off just cutting some scrap pieces of wood as spacers and resting the slides on them ... Quick , repeatable and cheap . I had high hopes for this , but its a complete fail as a useful tool IMHO .
 Save your money and your time . Make a story stick and use that instead , in the long run you 'll be done quicker with a lot less frustration AND you 'll have an extra 30 bucks in your pocket to spend on making the wife happy .
 I bought this tool because I was building a filing cabinet . The cabinet has a face frame but the drawers are floating and there is no cross member in the face frame that separates the drawers as there would be on a kitchen cabinet . Hard to explain ... but picture the face frame with a large opening for the cabinet door and a smaller , thin , and rectangular opening for the upper drawer . This tool would be clamped to the piece of 3/4 '' wood -LRB- the horizontal rail -RRB- that defines the separation between openings.I did n't understand this difference until I tried to mount my full extension drawer slides and I was having trouble clamping it down on the vertical stile of my face frame . I could n't find a spot to get any leverage on it , and my Kreg face `` klamp '' was too big to fit on it . I tried several different angles and even tried using various C-clamps to hold it in place , but it was n't working . After messing with it for a few minutes I realized I would have been able to cut a few stop blocks or story sticks by now , so I just did that . Drawers are now mounted . Afterward I went back to have another look at the tool instructions and only then did I notice that all illustrations showed the tool clamped to a horizontal rail . That 's a subtle difference that belies the advertisement that this is the perfect tool for mounting drawer slides.Perhaps if I was building a more conventional kitchen cabinet -LRB- or a few of them -RRB- this would be worth it , but I was pretty annoyed . I bought this and the other drawer mounting tool from Kreg . Since Kreg 's pocket hole jig got me into furniture building , I expected more from this tool . A tool like this could certainly be a bit more universal and would only require minor modifications to allow it to be used on stile or rail - why do n't they do that ?
 I ordered this to remove nails from my deck . It is only effective if the nail head is slightly raised , otherwise you have to hammer quite a bit to get it to grasp the nail . Also , the end where you hammer cracked and a piece broke off within the first hour of use . If I could get it around the nail head it was very good at pulling the nail , but it was a lot of effort to get it around the head . I found it easier to remove the boards , turn them over , pound the nail through then remove it with the claw on my hammer .
 This came very highly regarded by professional carpenters . Unfortunately I think they had used the US made version . That 's the only explannation I can figure for my experience verses theirs.It was awkward to use . I thought it would save my back , but it still requires bending over while positioning the jaws over the nail head . But the bottom line is that it started to break after just eight nails!The good news is that the Amazon Marketplace vendor refunded my money quickly without a hassle . I applaud them for good customer service .
 The site info does n't tell you it 's ` made in Taiwan ' , well-known for its low grade steel . I was doubtful when we started -LRB- recalled my dad 's US made one from the 1940 's worked well after 40 years -RRB- . It pulled nails well , but ... Sure enough , after we pulled perhaps 250 deck nails , the bottom lever snapped
 I am very sorry I purchased this unit . It is probably the worst nail puller you could find anywhere . It does n't work very well or not at all . The grasping part of the tool should have some kind of split to get under the head and it does n't . It is awkward and hard to use and no instructions or tips came with the unit . The old flat pry bar type nail puller is 100 times more effective than this puller . So I wasted my money . If I had known what the grasping part of the tool looked like , I would never have bought it .
 when i first got this tool i was very impressed but since i have been using it i have noticed that its very difficult to remove nails from boards that are unsecured to a structure also its very heavy
 I purchased the nail/staple remover in order to remove staples attached to wooden posts holding up field fencing . The remover is just to lite weight to work effective . I purched a bolt cutter for less money and cut the staple into and then twisted it so as to expose the wire and remove it .
 This tool is bulky , cumbersome and not ergo-friendly . Ladies this is a real `` man-tool '' . Heavy and requires space , strength and experience to use . Not the best choice I have ever made .
 I bought it at HD to replace my old soldering iron . What a stupid design ?! It has two positions for the trigger
 The bottom part is what I wrote thinking and looking at the photo Just knowing that I was getting what has been Weller 's mainstay for 50 years.LIE LIE LIE LIKE A RUG ! Which is another way to say a `` BEAR FACED LIE '' Or LAY as in getting hmmmmmm I can not say that word on hear as this is not TV . Nothing about this pistol style soldering gun reflects the older ones . Normally it is new and improved right ? Not in this case . Speaking of CASE that is the only new part that is worth a dang , Blow molded cases are really nice , Too bad the handle piece of the gun isnt at least made of that grade of plastic . I would have settled for the old handle rather than the new style which is ba terrible grade of reused recycled caca . The posts that hold the copper tip they screwed up with as well . Come one set screws for a joint that has constant heat and cool cycle . The old style with the nuts over the tip metal worked just fine . If it ai n't broke you do not have to go out and break it dummy . WHAT YOU CA N'T even get the product labels on straight . Hey there us a sot cast into the handle for them to fit inside the handle.I hope to find a way to take photos and show how bad this stuff is.Tell you what Weller send me the old style Handle you can send the lables with the backing on them I can at least get them put on straight . Send me new posts that have the nuts that screw onto and hold the tip to them . also a new tip with the nuts to hold them on . The proper type of trigger switch that lets the light dim when you do the one stage two stage type . that has a focus lens in the bulb / I have not wanted to take it apart to see how bad it is in side so let us leave it at that OK Weller Or at least send me the parts list for the old style guns so I can build one from scratch . If you do that I can find a few illegal aliens to start assembling them I could sell them much fast than you can The word will get out in a heart beat , dray '' '' '' '' `` My Mom got me one of these so I could solder some little things I needed to solder together . Hey we lived out a ways and she got them with S&H ; Green Stamps . Yes I did learn to solder much better with other types later on still Every time I see one I think back to then . Back in the 70 's I taught soldering classes at both Litton Ind and JPL in LA. . One of my demo 's was to show folks how to write their name with 22ga rosin multi core solder using one of these guns on low power and with a special home made tip I built out of solid copper wire.To this day they still make these guns the same as they always have and I hope they always will . It is funny these guns cost $ 26 back then , , , , Let us say almost 50 years ago . and the still cost the same to this day . Course minimum wage was only 90 cents an hour back then . Hey I drove a tractor and got a dollar an hour plus room and board in the bunk house . After dinner we would get together some of us and walk the three miles to the general store use the pay phone their . A local call cost a dime . Or spit on a penny and slide it just right and you got back fifteen cents change . Opps is their a statue of limitations on that I hope . I never call out of state.dray
 The design on this gun leaves much to be desired . The trigger mechanism for `` off '' , `` low '' and `` high '' is terribly awkward to use and wo n't lock in either of the heat settings . This means that if your watching what you 're soldering , and your attention wanders from your finger pressure you can inadvertently turn the gun to another heat setting or off altogether . We were very disappointed with the functionality of this tool and are returning it .
 So disappointing the ` kit ' arrived without a coil to use the ` kit ' . The description says it is includedSmall towns do not have such things .
 Like trying to make jewelry with an axe . Slow to heat up , as in very ... like no settings , just a trigger . The unit cools when the trigger is released . Probably would be ok to put a big glob on trailer wires for example ... nothing requiring any finesse . Maddening . Have had this for years and just dropped it into the Good Will bin ... Buying a Weller WES51 .
 I bought this because my friend uses a Weller soldering gun at work , and he said it 's a solid company in this market . But again he probably uses there something that costs $ 500 to $ 1K + . As for this product I am not sure why there are so many positive reviews about this thing . The design is weak , the higher temperature/higher power level is not easy to hold as it 's half way between the `` off '' and fully depressed -LRB- lower temperature -RRB- position ... so it 's not obvios how you would hold on to this position with you finger , esp . when your attention is on the soldering/the wire , etc. . They could have had some small side spring button that would help to fix it there and then just the entire thing could go off if you let the handle go -LRB- because it 's only for the intermittent power consumption , which I inderstand -RRB- . Another bummer - the tips seem to be made from some `` peanut-butter '' - based material , the soldering tip is already broke in half and I was only on the second 24 AWG wire . The tips seem to get bend from the mere action of fixng them in place with those side nuts.I am really thinking how I can return this thing after it broke in my hands during the first session -LRB- and I have been soldering since I was a teen -RRB- One positive thing - the tips get to the target tempearure very fast indeed -LRB- although I was mostly successful with the lower tempreture setting - again see above about the inconvenience of the intermediate `` higher '' position -RRB- . But again in retrospect I should have gone to the local store and tried to get some sldering gun for electic/electronic works there .
 When I first revived the product I though it was the perfect solution to my problems with soldering RC car ESCs and battery terminals . Being in Afghanistan there are no local stores and I find myself a lot in the RC mechanic position for some of the carout here . The first ESC set went off without a hitch , the solder was able to quickly handle the 10 AWG and the ESCs motor and battery terminals.The problem came when I started on a second ESC about 2 days alter . As I was soldering the battery connectors the gun just cut out no sparks pops or burning smell and the light was not blown out , it just did n't solder . Three screws hold the case together and when I opened it there was nothing that look obviously burned or broken . The AC wires run , one , to a trigger block that also powers the light on one side and the other runs to a small wire for the coil . On the trigger block the small wires for the coil are soldered to one side of the block with he AC wire running to the bottom and the other AC wire it is wrapped around a section of the coil wire with splice connector holding it all together . I re soldered all the connectors and soldered the splice connector with my smaller pencil solder , re assembled the gun and all was well . When it came time to start on the connectors for the battery i was tinning the plug when i heard a sharp pop and saw spark fly from the side case vents , the gun started smoking and I quickly stepped outside and set it down where it would n't burn anything if it did catch fire . When it stopped smoking a disassembled it to examine what had happened . The coil had fused together and the spark came from that as well as the tiny 1 coil wire connected directly to the AC line . It had blown off.This gun is powerful and is able to heat up in a few seconds and quickly handle 10 AWG , RC connections being no problem . despite other reviews I actuality like the trigger mechanism which should allow you to easily stop the gu form overheating . It only needed between 5-10 sec per wire . I still do n't know why it just quit . When it blew i was n't doing anything different and the case did n't feel especially warm either .
 I had 2 of those , one after after first broke within 3 days of use . So 2nd broke as well . . Both wont heat up as fast as in their first days , while handle gets really hot . It takes about 10 mins to get them semi - operational , after which you wo n't be able to keep it in hands for work ... Do n't buy this product !
 As soon as I received this Weller today , I checked the electrical specs with a watt meter when I first plugged it in . Rather than the 260/200 as advertised , mine came up closer to 140/100 , their less expensive model , though the label on this one did indicate D550PK . It 's on its way back for a refund .
 Dead on arrival right out of the box . Return was easy so I 'll have to report back on how the replacement was .
 Gun I received did not heat properly , 260 watts ? , and neither of the built in work lights would light . Does not have the quality of the gun it was to replace .
 If you buy this gun , take it outside the first time you use it!Plugged it in , hit the trigger and my garage was filled with a horrible smell . Afterwards the gun will not heat up at all . You can hear it humming , but the barrels and tip produce no heat at all.Weller was once top shelf U.S.A. made product , now it 's south of the border crap.A day later , the stink still lingers !
 I had to purchase this item from America because it is not available in the U.K.for some unknown reason . When i switched it on nothing happened , no light 's and no heat . I debated whether to return the item or open it up to see if i could locate the fault , i decided to open it up . The fault was on the enamelled copper wires from the field coil , the enamel had not been removed hence the solder had not taken to the copper wire . I cleaned and re-soldered the wire 's and the unit works perfectly now . Does WELLER not employ quality control ? This is the second Weller soldering gun i have purchased from the U.S.A. in the past 12 months and the first one did not work either , it went into the dust bin .
 This purchase was disappointing . You can see its cheaply made -LRB- in Mexico -RRB- takes forever to heat up , tips are crappy . I regret this purchase.It melts heavy solder eventually ...
 As with most Kreg tools , well engineered in many areas . I bought mine for use with the Kreg router table surface to help route edges of wood boards . But the aluminum guide rail that slips into the table guide slot -LRB- and is held in by plastic screws that each must be adjusted and inevitably bind the guide -RRB- does n't have anything to keep it from lifting out of the slot . This is probably more a design problem in the Kreg router table surface as well as this miter gauge , but nevertheless it makes a very delicate assembly.I had this product in my router table , with the aluminum guide sticking slightly out of the table , then grazed it while walking by - it lifted right out of the slot and fell on the floor , instantly bending itself into uselessness . The plastic set screws used in the aluminum guide rail are almost the same thickness as the guide rail , so that results in the aluminum guide having really thin walls around the plastic set screws , making it prone to bend easily.The router table surface and miter gauge need a T-slot type retention system so I can use some actual force while cutting , and so I do n't have to treat it with velvet gloves in the shop.If it looks like it meets your needs from the product photos , it probably will - just be gentle with it .
 This product is somewhat of a disappointment . I would have expected a vaery high quality product from kreg . I have had a Dubby sled miter for probably 15 years and have just purchased another and frankly i would recommend that you NOT purchase the kreg miter and seriously consider a dubby by inline industries . It is stable , rock solid and probably the easiest miter out there . The kreg just did n't cut it .
 I received this Miter Gauge as my main Christmas present and am very disappointed . The gauge could not be assembled as described in the manual because one of the holes -LRB- used to screw in the bar spacers -RRB- was stripped and would not let the nylon spacer align the bar as required . Currently I 'm packing this tool to return for replacement . Needless to say I 'm very bummed out by Kreg lack of quality control . Wish I had gone for the Incra .
 Let me begin by saying that I am a huge fan of Kreg and have gladly and liberally stocked my shop with their tools . That said ... Set-up was straight forward and easy . By all outward appearances , this thing is a beauty . Unfortunately , once used on the table saw , I was disappointed . The flip stop , as per the set up guide , is buffered by a plastic plug so it has a tendency to flex against the bolt making exactly repeated cuts a `` Near miss '' . I have also noticed quite a bit of play on the actual fence as well as the stepped stops with the brass plug . I can square it up manually every time I set the angle , but this goes against purchasing and using a stepped precision miter . One still will have to battle the fence when it comes to cutting angles as well as being at a 90 angle to the table . This last piece is in reference to the plastic gliders the miter runs on . They save the table from scratches , but keep the fence from lying flat thus knocking off the square to the table top as it gives play against the arm . My shop is at a stand-still with wood to be re-cut until I find a replacement .
 I bought this to remove one way screws . It was no help in doing that whatsoever . Not sure what I will use for it now ??
 This tool is just OK for starting the screw removal process . You still need a pait of pliers to finish off the job.Not easy to use , but if you have to get a one-way screw out , I do n't think there is an easier way.Helps get the job started , but not done .
 Ordered this to remove some one way screws on some locks around the house.The screws probably had n't been turned in 20-30 years , and this tool was not up to the task . MIGHT work on screws that are just barely snug.Had to use a dremel and notch a head and remove that way . Actually went pretty quick once set up . Wasted money .
 I bought this because there were no bad reviews.Now there is one.Don ' t buy it.It would not grip screws at all . It slipped just like a regular screwdriver.I would give it 0 stars .
 $ 18 , down the drain . Tried this NUMEROUS times , and even had a handy -LRB- er -RRB- neighbor give it a whirl as well , and it did nothing but cause frustration . Does n't grip one-way screws at all , regardless of the pressure applied . After purchasing , I read numerous handyman sites that say do n't bother to buy these as they are expensive and rarely work -LRB- better off getting a Dremel and just cutting off the head of the screw , which is what I will end up doing -RRB- .
 I bought two bonsai trees from this company thinking I could handle them . I 'm usually quite good at working with plants but the two trees this company sent me were determined to die . I followed directions to the letter and was still unable to make them work . Save your cash and look elsewhere .
 Although the square is marked `` STAINLESS '' , the metal rusts very badly . Johnson Level and Tool Co. replaced it after I returned the original one , postpaid , to them . The second one received is no better than the first . I would not purchase any tool from this manufacturer . As a mechanical engineer , I am aware that there are many alloys of stainless steels some of which will rust , but when the manufactured metal product is stamped `` STAINLESS '' , the user does not expect it to rust . The manufacturer has misrepresented the quality of this product to the public .
 The unit I purchased was square enough , but its rule was WAY off.The 0 point on the rule at the inside corner was off by 1/20 '' ! The inch-to-inch stampings were much too inaccurate as well , to my taste.This item costs little and I did n't buy it to measure length , but a rule this bad should not get out the door . -LRB- I found the 0 error about the same on another unit I examined months later . -RRB- Does n't someone eyeball these things , even for a second ? Johnson 's customer service did take care of me promptly when I told them of the problem , but I would n't touch another model 450 .
 Never received the item . UPS tracking shows the box was empty when received and that they notified the sender but still no level .
 The blade is smaller and duller than expected . I used this to start the circle and finished with a jabsaw.Not sure if there are any replacements for the the blade .
 # 8 socket cracked first time it was used . westocktools refused warrantee saying it was sold to me with no warantee . Buy someone elses .
 The order arrived , in a well packaged and timely manner . Upon opening , the bar looked fine . Missing though were all the adjustments screws ! There was no option of correction , just the option of returning the item . I did . But just beware of the few dollars saved from the Warehouse if you need a working product . This was the first time I 've experienced this kind of disappointment when purchasing from Amazon Warehouse.I fully expect that Amazon will credit me when the product returns to them . If not you can be sure that I 'll amend this review .
 88 degree angle ? 92 degree angle ? Depends on which time you adjust this poorly made square . Bought it , tried it , and made a half dozen bad cuts ... . then tossed it in the junk pile . Just too much variation depending on which time you adjust and clamp it .
 All I see is a jar . Lets see how the darn works for crying out loud . I am looking for the right clip . I ca n't tell bean with that lame photo , be descriptive !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you care about accuracy ... do n't bother with this try square . The hardwood is rough to the touch . When compared to my Incra Guaranteed Square the Johnson was acute by .014 '' over the 8 '' length . That 's the width of fine pencil line , no good for fine carpentry .
 If you do n't care about accuracy , consider this tool . The rule part of the try square I purchased measures short about 1/64 '' from the base shoe to the first inch mark . Johnson Level claimed , when I contacted them , that their stated toloreance is + / - 0.015 '' , close to 1/64 , so I guess my tool is within their specs or very close . A tolerance of + / - 0.015 '' may be ok for framing but not for woodworking . -LRB- By the way , can you find the stated tolerance in the product description ? -RRB- Oregon Woodworker
 Bought 3 squares to find that no two where aligned at 90 degrees . A nice looking square but is only for general work .
 If you do n't care about accuracy , consider this tool . The rule part of the try square I purchased measures short about 1/64 '' from the base shoe to the first inch mark . Johnson Level claimed , when I contacted them , that their stated toloreance is + / - 0.015 '' , close to 1/64 , so I guess my tool is within their specs or very close . A tolerance of + / - 0.015 '' may be ok for framing but not for woodworking . -LRB- By the way , can you find the stated tolerance in the product description ? -RRB-
 The zero of the scale should be at the corner . It was a 16th of an inch off . This is not close enough for any kind of woodworking . Instead of returning it I send it directly to Johnson Tools . Johnson Tools did replace it . I know it only cost about $ 20 , but still it should not of gotten past thier QC department . I 'm a little disappointed in Johnson Tools , for everything else I have purchased from them has been of good to execellent quality .
 The square is n't square and the rule is n't accurate . Almost a degree out of square and the rule is out about a 1/32 at 2 inches . For any modicum of precision , look somewhere else .
 Last July 2010 I bought this product for $ 0.13 each andDecember 2010 for $ 0.48 Each
 This purchase was a disappointment . Although we followed all the instructions the leaves all fell off in a short time . The plant died shortly after that . Would not purchase this product again .
 Did not work for my application . They did n't even try to work , the socket immediatly spun on the bolt head . They may work else where but I was not impressed .
 This is a good belt , so I thought . I used it several times until the buckle kept coming undone . I finally gave up when I it came off while I was on a ladder 12 feet off the ground . I threw it out for safety reasons .
 I bought this set of spark plug sockets to change the plugs in my Nissan Pathfinder . I thought the price was great , considering that a lot of other places charge as much or more for a single spark plug socket . I bought this set because I was unsure what size my spark plugs were . If you have no need for multiple sized spark plug sockets , there is no need to buy this set . The size I used was the 5/8 '' socket . The first spark plug was no big deal , worked great . After that , every other spark plug that I replaced the rubber stopper inside the socket very easily slipped off and stuck to the spark plug . When you have a spark plug that is located in a place you ca n't reach with your fingers , this poses a big problem . I ended up using a different socket to finish the job . I would have sent these back , but the cost of shipping to return it would have cost me more in the long run . Also , the box arrived damaged and wide open .
 Rubber do n't stay in the socket and would get lost when sticking to the sparkplug ! Probably good for removing plugs but I ca n't use it to install plugs ! Never had a set do this ! Wonder if superglue would fix the problem!Or maybe cutting the top so that it do n't grip the sparkplug top !
 I have owned many pairs of Mechanix gloves before and have been extremely satisfied with all except for this pair . Within two weeks of ware , both index fingers blew out . The stitching came apart and the material on the thumbs and finger tips began to ware and eventually I owned fingerless gloves . Really disappointed in these gloves and wish I still had my receipt so I could exchange them but I just coughed this up as a lesson learned . If you do n't plan on doing any mechanical work , these gloves may work out good for you .
 The fit was perfect , they felt great right off . but after Using the gloves for 20 minutes throwing bricks and rubble around three of the ten finger tip seam 's broke apart and I can no longer use them because if I try my fingers will just get cut up ... not why I bought these gloves .
 These lasted 2 weeks . Very expensive for 14 days of use.I would not recommend these . Go with the Mechanix brand .
 I ordered these gloves several days BEFORE hurricane Isaac hit louisiana because I knew I would need them for cleanup . I payed for 2 day shipping and they did NOT arrive on time . Now , due to UPS tracking , all deliveries are delayed for nearly a week . I 'm quite aggravated.I would contact seller for a refund on shipping cost , although I cant seem to find contact info . So instead , all I can do is give a bad review . I would not recommend buying from this seller if you need these gloves ASAP . It cost over ten dollars for quick shipping and it looks like I 'm out of luck . Even got my hand slashed open yesterday , cutting downed trees , because of a lack of gloves.I will rewrite this review when I finally recieve the gloves to speak of the quality , or if this seller decides to refund my shipping costs .
 You might as well wrap them around your ankles because they 'll be down there in no time . And the pads are kind of narrow , they want to tip one way or the other if you 're not squarely on them . Wish I 'd never bought them , pretty expensive lesson .
 I purchased this item becuase of it 's high reviews and it looked like a great product . I read the reviews and noticed that for the last year or so people were not getting the right product shipped to them from amazon . I decided to take a chance and purchase it anyway . If I would have gotten the right knee pads , I might be able to give an honest review . BUT . . Got the wrong ones , and insead got a pair of Nicholos AWP -LRB- All Weather Pads -RRB- . These are not even close to the right knee pads , so I sent them back . I got an email that said `` we are sorry , and this virtually never happens '' from amazon . Got my new replacement pair a few days later , only to be the same exact pair or Nicholas AWP 's , and still the wrong pads . I think it is time to give up on amazon for me . I will be sending them back and will purchase them from someone that can get it right . I wish I could write a review on Amazon themselves ...
 If I had actually received the correct item it would be a 5 . My friend had ordered the 1st one because she is always on amazon.com . When she got her merchandise in it was the wrong item so I thought I gave her the wrong info so I ordered it myself because I needed them for work a.s.a.p. so I ordered 2day delivery . Then I got mine and it was the same as my friends and I sent in a request for an exchange for the right item . They still sent me the same item as before . So when I put in my reason they apparently did not read my problem and complaint . The problem Amazon has is that they are not looking at what people actually order they are looking at the product # . Apparently the item I ordered , McGuire Nicholas `` 22373 '' Gel Lite Monster Kneepads , had the same # as McGuire Nicholas `` 22373 '' A.W.P. All Weather pads Kneepads . Not the same product name or look . After this experience I will not purchase any items from Amazon for a very long time or not at all . I really needed those kneepads for work and Amazon was the only place who had them that I could find . I have had my pair for 2yrs and it is the one I ordered but my husband had purchased them for me so he cant remember where he got them 2yrs ago . If I could get the item I ordered I would consider doing my business w / Amazon.com.Sincerely , delight12175
 These were way too small for our knees so I had to return them . I would list them as extra-small to small . They really wobble when they do n't fit . The strap was a nice idea though .
 I do n't think that there is anything like a comfortable kneepad . I do n't like these . I thought the single strap will be more comfortable but no . These do n't stay in place . I think a double strap model is much better . The pad are very little .
 These kneepads are poor quality junk , I could not wait to send them back for a refund .
 This belt smells very bad . It is not the belt in the picture . The belt I received did not have the nice stitching up the sides , but is instead made of three pieces riveted together . Also it is a much darker brown than that pictured .
 These Kreg tapes suffer from the same problems as 2 other tapes I have purchased from different companies . They are not accurate or precise . The inch markings vary in size -LRB- either too large or too small -RRB- by up to 1/32 '' resulting in measurements that can be off by up 1/16 '' if several inch variations combine . To make matters worse the sizes vary so that the measurements drift in and out . For example over a 12 '' span each measurement may be too large , or too small or right on making these absolutely useless for measurement . All the tapes I have purchased from different companies have this problem . They all have been manufactured in China where apparently the quality control is terrible.Save yourself some aggravation and do n't buy these . I 'm still looking for a self-adhesive measuring tape that is accurate and precise.Ultimately , I was able to buy adhesive tape measures from Oregon Rule Co. -LSB- . . -RSB- that are accurate and precise .
 I bought this bag to use for my school tools . I have to carry it long distances . The shoulder strap is placed completely wrong . It attaches right under the handles , not on the sides of the bag . This creates too much downward pull on the center of bag and an uneven distribution of weight over the strap . Because the bag is triangular when it is closed , and the straps are attached at the very top , it also makes it cumbersome to carry -- Because the wide base of the bag is pressed against your body , but the straps are not anchored there also . Also , the padded element on the strap is not movable or removable . I find -LRB- as a lady -RRB- , the padding is annoying and too big for my shoulder . I was very dissapointed , as otherwise , it is a great bag . Since I am a student in accessories design , I am going to add my own D-rings/strap tethers on the sides of the bag , and hope that they hold.I 'm editing to add
 I am still waiting for this item , and I , too , ordered it in late December . The other two bonus items came quickly , but it was the bag I really wanted most ! Come on people ... and today my delivery estimate CHANGED to add another MONTH ???? You 've got to be kidding me .
 I bought this item over a month ago and it still has not shipped ! Who knows what kind of rating to give the bag , but for customer service this group gets an `` F ''
 How can I rate this product when it has yet to ship and it has been more then 1 month since I ordered this item while all the other items have shipped.I am not sure if they are ever shipping this product !!!
 L' &eacute;talonnage du produit n'est pas bon . Tu le met &agrave; z&eacute;ro au niveau de la lame et &agrave; 22 pouce tu es off de 1/8 comparer un autre mesure . Le produit autocollant est exellent .
 I was needing a couple self-stick tapes for a table saw sled I made . Looking through the choices I thought I was ordering the right one for the job . Wrong . The one I got is 6 ' long which is 4.4 ' longer than I wanted . It is also white and I wanted yellow . Not only that but it is just one side -LRB- Right to Left -RRB- . I wanted to send it back but the shipping would cost me about the same price as another tape like it so I am going to have to eat it while I wait for my new kit ... I found the ones I wanted and made sure by re-checking everything that is to come in the Jig Self-Stick Tape KIT . Yes , a kit with 3 sets , etc. in the kit for the cost of 2 tapes if you do n't buy the kit.When buying make sure you get and review all the specs to make sure that is what you really want or need .
 These Kreg tapes suffer from the same problems as 2 other tapes I have purchased from different companies . They are not accurate or precise . The inch markings vary in size by up to 1/32 '' resulting in measurements that can be off by up 1/16 '' if several inch variations combine . To make matters worse the sizes vary so that the measurements drift in and out . For example over a 12 '' span each measurement may be too large , or too small or right on making these absolutely useless for measurement . All the tapes I have purchased from different companies have this problem . They all have been manufactured in China where apparently the quality control is terrible.Save yourself some aggravation and do n't buy these . I 'm still looking for a self-adhesive measuring tape that is accurate and precise.Ultimately , I was able to buy adhesive tape measures from Oregon Rule Co. -LRB- http://oregonruleco.com -RRB- that are accurate and precise .
 The apron bibb ordered was ridiculously small . Sized for a 3 year old . The description did not include the size . I assumed being listed with tools for adults that the apron would be sized for adults . Customers ... do n't assume anything !
 These are cute and innovative looking nightlights , but mine stopped working after about 3 weeks . They need to improve the charger . Also , it was really hard getting the bottom off in order to put in the battery . It was n't just me -- I enlisted everyone who came over my house . Finally someone was able to sort of gnaw away at the bottom with a knife , which gouged the plastic . It 's a great idea , but it needs work .
 These lights look great , but they do n't last the night , which means they 're not great as night lights for kids . For my daughter this meant that she woke us up at about 3am when the room was pitch black again . Also , after I 'd had them for a year , the battery life got even worse , one of them only lasts a few minutes and the other less than an hour . I 'm currently on Amazon trying to find replacement batteries otherwise , they really are useless now .
 when you pay $ 27 for a stop block that does n't always lock in squarely and it flexes , somethings wrong !
 I also have found the flipstop to have play . You can tighten the nut , which decreases it , but then everything gets too tight for moving up and down . Expect more like .030 -LRB- 1/32 -RRB- if the stop is tight and .060 -LRB- 1/16 -RRB- if it is loose . I only use my production stop , the flipstop sits in its box . I am doing precision cuts - picture frame miters - and this would be far too much tolerance for me .
 I had high hopes for a small utilitarian Camillus . The knife IS functional ... cute even.It has the bead blasted blade and FAST opening . It 's low points are
 This miter stop works as it should but the quality of manufacturing is horrible . It is a casting and has a milled T slot running through it and it is not deburred anywhere . It is very very rough with heavy burrs inside the T slot and small burrs on the fingers . I am surprised that Kreg who is supposedly a presion tool manufacturer would let something like this go `` maybe it was a Friday tool '' . Be prepared to finish this with a mill file and scraper if you get one like I did .
 Too much effort for the results . I do n't use it any more . Much simpler -LRB- free -RRB- ways to get the same results .
 The files themselves in this set are perfectly fine and probably servicable for light household or handyman use . The handles , however , are a complete and utter joke . They ca n't be firmly attached to the files , and could n't possibly be used to hold the files for any kind of work . Fisher-Price has more useful tools .
 My husband just cut his hand with this knife , and he was absolutely using it correctly . The blade slips between the openings in the casing.DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I purchased the Neiko USA 24 '' Wet Tile saw and receiveed the Proline Wet Saw . The picture is different then what I received . The one I received seems to work well I am just unhappy that I did n't get the Neiko . Besure to watch what you receive .
 I actually purchased these screws because they were described as having a BRONZE colored finish . Wrong . They are a shiny chrome finish , which is not what I wanted . I 'll keep them , but please change your product description , so customers wo n't be misled . I do n't know why Kreg ever changed these to the shiny finish . Nobody wants them to stick out like a sore thumb .
 This is a very picturesque alligator head that floats in our swimming pool , providing a bit of a topic for conversation . Unfortunately , it has had absolutely no effect upon wild ducks that fly into our swimming pool , swim around , and fill it with their excrement . I believe that our pool water must have wonderful laxative properties for ducks . We have tried every conceivable measure , including
 Buy this product only if you want it for decoration . We had a green heron use the alligator head for a perch to better look for our fish . We installed a net over the pond and that stopped the heron . This product is a waste of money .
 Purchased the gator guard to keep a blue heron out of my recently stocked small farm pond . It worked great for 2 days , but then the heron returned , and is not afraid of the gator . Also seems over priced .
 I got the alligator 2 days ago to keep ducks and geese off of my dock , where they tend to like to flock and leave a mess . The alligator is difficult to assemble and it has an open bottom so it can sink if it fills with water . I floated the alligator right next to the dock and in the morning there were 6 ducks lying on the dock totally un-phased . I scared the ducks away and re-positioned the alligator . This morning I had a large flock of geese on the dock and on the nearby shore . A floating plastic alligator head did not scare them either .
 This item does NOT work with herons who invade koi ponds . It made absolutely no difference . The heron still visits our pond daily and eats out Koi and other pond fish . How disappointing ! It does n't even deserve a one star!Bird - X GG Gator Guard Floating Alligator Head
 Replaced our old heat tape with this brand about a month ago , when the old heat tape finally gave out after years of use , and the pipes froze . This brand kept the pipes moving once we had thawed everything out and replaced the tape and insulation ... until tonight . This claims to be good down to -50 F , but apparently -8 F is too much for it . The pipes froze again , and now we 're having to take turns sitting out in the coldest weather of the season -LRB- we live on the Eastern Plains of Colorado -RRB- , in the middle of the night , trying to thaw out the pipes . For the price and the amount of time it actually worked , this was a really poor investment .
 I bought this stand because I wanted to store my new bike safely and out of the way . After unboxing the product , I did n't know if I could trust this stand in our garage . Assembly and setup was quick and easy . However , I agree with a previous post that it 's not designed well to hold a second bike on the top position.My Wife has n't picked out a bike yet so it 's just been my bike on the bottom position on the stand . A month later , I came home from work and saw that the bike stand had fallen over ! Luckily , it had slid in a sideways manner and got caught on a shelf so my bike somehow stayed upright . I 'm relieved that the bike frame never touched the ground . I 'm very disappointed in this product , but I did have my suspicions when I received it.I was so skeptical of the product that I actually ordered the SportRack Universal 2 Bike Stacker from Amazon before the accident . However , the new stand was still in the box for a week because I did n't have time to assemble it before the old stand fell over = -LRB- If you value and care about your bike , do n't go with this pogo-stick design . Its small footprint is appealing , but not sturdy enough ... eventually , your bike will fall .
 This bike rack seemed like a great way to hang two bikes , but the top rack -LRB- on the upper bar -RRB- does not secure tight enough to hold a bike secure , it slides down . An expensive mistake .
 Do not order this product . It came defective twice . Both times none of the bottom nor top bracing brackets would screw in to the long pole . The first time it came extremely stripped and would not screw in . The product looked re-packaged and re-sent from a customer return the first time . The second time the bottom piece would not screw in making this item useless . What a hassle this was .
 Do n't buy this hangar for anything other than sheets and towels . The product is very poorly designed , and poorly constructed . First of all , you can not crank the the top and bottom screws tight enough to secure the rack , between the floor and ceiling , without bending the pole . In addition the pole comes in two sections with two differenct diameters - a small diameter chrome plated section that telescopes inside of a larger diameter painted piece , but the attachment cleats on the hangars can only be tightened over the larger diameter section , making the top section unusable . The weight of my bike was enough to rip the hangar off the chrome section , causing it to fall to the floor , even though I cranked the knob as tight as possible .
 All of the glowing reviews of this product would be accurate except for one thing - the hooks will not clamp onto one half of the pole . So effectively , this is a 1 bike hanger unless you have tiny bikes . The pole has two sections , a thick tube for one half , and a significantly thinner tube for the other half . The clamps will not even come close to holding on the thinner half . Both the pictures on this site , and the diagrams in the instructions show that you can clamp onto both halves , but this is NOT so . This issue is mentioned in one of the other reviews as well , and appears to be a design flaw rather than a manufacturing problem with the one I received .
 I was so excited to find this rack on amazon . I had seen ones similar but made from wood that were going for 5 times the price -LRB- they were handmade -RRB- . The package came quickly and was easy to assemble . But the the rack just does n't seem stable , I currently have two bikes on it and the top bike continues to slide down . Both bikes are very light road bikes , so I am not sure what would be the ideal bike for this flimsy rack ?
 did n't seem stable , and out mtn bike frame is angle , so did n't sit well in combo with straight bar bike . they got in eachoters way . returned . no problem
 I own several Crescent wrenches of larger sizes . However I 'm not impressed with there smaller wrenches have very soft jaws . They must not heat treat their smaller wrenches any more in an attempt to save money . To bad they 're decided to compromise the quality of the wrench instead of increasing the price .
 Though it says ` Width 8 inches ' and ` Easy To Mount Over Any 16 '' x 8 '' Foundation Vent ' , the cover is only 7 3/8 inches wide -LRB- outside measurement -RRB- , so it will not cover a vent with an 8-inch opening ; most foundation vents have an opening wider than 7 3/8 , so the cover is completely useless . I had to return them all . If the opening on your vents is more like 7 inches , go ahead and order them , but be sure to measure .
 MORE OF A TOY THAN A REAL TOOL FOR WOODWORKING . THE ONE INCH DIAMETER SANDER IS CLOSE TO USELESS . THE 2 & 3 INCH DIAMETER UNITS CAN BE MADE TO WORK IF YOU ARE VERY CAREFUL . GOOD IDEA , BUT POORLY DONE . AMAZON DELIVERED PERFECTLY . JUST THE PRODUCT IS POOR !!!!
 These are nice for very light applications but any pressure applied and they crack . Used them on a bowl last night and the 1 inch tore quickly and flew apart . If they were cheaper they might be worth it but at this price I ca n't see buying more just to have them tare after 20 or 30 minutes . While it was working it did a very nice job and saved my fingers as well but I 'll go back to just doing it the hard way after the other discs wear out . Nice try but I ca n't get behind this product unless something is improved .
 should have listen to the other review , i did better , lasted 10 minute for me . now im stuck with 25 buck worth of 2 inch sand . During the 10 mins went thru 3 - 80 g pads . Ran the one inch for a min and its cracked . using gorilla glue on both tonight , Just to bad , i 'm very disappointed
 I bought this filter after comparing it with other candidate filters and reading the reviews . It seemed like just what I needed -LRB- I am a newbie at this -RRB- . When the filter arrived though , I had big troubles trying to plug it in my faucet . There was nothing about this in the accompanying documentation , so I did Google search . I finally found the information that this filter is not supposed to work with pull out faucets , which is exactly what I have . I had to return this filter . It would be very helpful to put this info in the seller 's product description section .
 Very disappointed with the product that I received . I have seen the Paragon chrome water filters , and this did not compare . I am not sure if someone swapped out a return , and that I received this unit on a later order ... but the product that I received was really poor quality . The chrome all over the unit was blistering off , and the screws on the bottom were corroded . Definitely returned it .
 I have just received this chrome countertop water filter , 36 hrs ago , and here is what dissapointed me : - Packaging is awful , no name on the box , box was falling apart , barely houses the product.-Instructions are poorly put together , no technical information whatsoever , I was stunned.-All the above was not an issue at first , however alarming . I installed the countertop water filter , no problem , let the water run for 15 minutes before drinking a glass . Water looks very clean in the glass , I was pleased , and here comes the bomb ; the odor is n't odorless , chlorine odor is so pronounced it is as strong as the tap water.Twenty four hours later , same , chlorine odor , it reminded me of a swimming pool odor , you get the picture . I have just processed a return to Amazon , back to Brita till I find the right countertop water filter .
 I live in large co-op complex in NYC with its own water supply . With increasing frequency there are notices posted in the lobby cautioning residents not to use the water during certain periods due to water pipe `` flushing '' . I thought it might be time to replace my current countertop water filter with one that did more than affect aesthetics -LRB- taste , odor & appearance -RRB- . The information posted on Amazon indicated that the filter removes lead , mercury , crypto , giardia , MTBE , VOC 's , THM 's , chlorine , chloramines and is NST tested and certified . Based on this information I ordered the filter . It was received promptly , looks impressive and installation appeared to be simple . However , there was one thing that bothered me regarding my purchase . The documentation -LRB- installation instructions -RRB- included with filter made no mention of the attributes of the water filter , not one word . Not even the admonishment not run hot water through the filter which has been the case with previous filters . I contacted Amazon , I wanted to know what I really purchased , what does this filter actually filter . Amazon responded by indicating they were sorry the information about the Chrome Countertop Water Filter was misleading and that I could return the product for a full refund-including shipping costs . I do plan to return this filter.As an aside , several years ago I purchased an Aquasana Counter Top Water Filter from another source . Based on the specs this filter appears to remove everything but the liquid . I found this filter very difficult to manage ; changing the filters was extremely difficult-the housing was a problem , the water pressure was low and the faucet diverter did not always pop back hence a problem with the hot water issue .
 I unfortunately had to return this product . I bought it originally cause it seemed like it would be a great filter to have , convenient and affordable in the long run . When it arrived I noticed that the parts provided were n't what I needed in order to be able to install it to my faucet . It might work with most faucets but it most definitely did n't have the parts to work with my Delta faucet.Even so I did n't let this discourage me , I did n't think it would be so hard to get the piece I was missing . I called their customer service and I explained to the rep my issue , she was n't very friendly but she immediately took my number and said someone would call me back . A month later , I am still waiting on a call back . I also emailed their support with the same question , once again I never got a response . I tried Lowes , Home Depot and Ace Hardware store and no one was able to provide me with the piece I needed -LRB- An adapter male to male that was the same width on both sides -RRB- , they kept telling me to contact the filter manufacturer , who was ignoring me ... Finally , after 30 days of having this sitting in a box at my house it was returned.Only reason I gave it two stars is because I want to believe that if I had had this little piece , the filter would 've been great . Just pray you never need to contact their customer service .
 I had the paragon filter in the past and LOVED it . Do n't be fooled ... THIS IS NOT THE SAME ! AT ALL ! I have had it for a week now , waited a while before writing this review because I was hoping the taste would change . It has NOT . It tastes EXACTLY like drinking from the HOSE OUTSIDE ! Everyone that has tried it has said the same thing without being prompted . It does look nice , and the pressure is amazing . It was super easy to install . But who cares , if it tastes worse than the water pre-filtered ! I am soo unhappy . I seriously doubt it filters all it claims to . The instruction pamphlet was a JOKE . The product box it came in was falling apart . Not labeled or anything . That should have been the red flag . I fully plan on returning this filter . I 'll wait to get a Paragon . Really thought this was going to be similar , but no way . It 's so gross !! The aftertaste is the worst . No one wants to drink it .
 I was not impressed with this unit . I 've been using PUR and Brita filters and decided to go with a counter top model instead . But this unit added a more unpleasant flavor to the water than what it removed . I could never , ever , ever recommend this unit . I was totally disatisfied and immediately returned it for a full refund .
 I live in an old house with lead soldered pipes , and must have a filter on my kitchen faucet to ensure my drinking water is safe . According to the Amazon description , this filter is claimed to remove lead . When I received it , the information included in the package comprised a poorly-copied , 2-page poorly-written instruction sheet on how to install the filter unit . There was no information whatsoever on the pollutant removal efficiency of the filter , as one has the right to expect . I contacted the manufacturer to ask , specifically about the filter 's lead removal efficiency -- not chloride , and to ask what to do about the leak around the base -LRB- present from the outset -RRB- . I received the following reply , from a mysteriously named Yahoo account : `` Dear Brooke , We would like to let you know that filter performance in terms of percent efficiency it removes Chloride for 90 % . one of the option you 've got is to open and close carbon filter straight-tight , that may help.Thank you , Purenex . `` I responded with : `` Hi there , You did n't answer my question about lead -LRB- as in the element , `` Pb . '' -RRB- . Does the filter take out lead , or not?Thanks . `` I sent this follow up message on Dec 8th . It is now the 21st and I have yet to hear from them . I 've ordered another filter -LRB- Culligan , as suggested by Consumer Reports -RRB- , and am buying my drinking water until I get it . -LRB- Oh , to be fair , the leak fix they suggested did work . -RRB-
 Just returned this product . Looked great , but could n't get the canister to not leak . The top just would n't seat to the base . It looked great and I was hopeful that it would work as good as it looked . I think is was just a flaw in the base seal not a overall fault of the product itself . Wish it had worked out . Now I need to shop around , again . Shopping through AMAZON is the only way to go . They addressed my issue and I 'm pleased with their service .
 The batterys died within 5 days , not sure if batterys where lemons or not since they came with the recorder.Can not retrive data since the connector cord can not interface due to defective cord , at least the Extech tech surport was kind enough to send one under warranty , Day 5 and still waitingWhile on the phone with tech surport he susgested going with less expensive recorders that you plug into a UCB port and down load data , really wish I would have gone with those but I am not sure if good or bad since we have to confrim calabration.Not really happy but not unhappy . Once I down load and re test battery life I may add more input to this review
 Can not trust the reading on dc amps . Meaning not sure if you are getting a good reading on low amps . Not made for milliamp readings . Works ok on anything over 1 amp dc. , but just ok . Knobs and buttons are to close together and easily change by accident . I was afried of this but did not want to spend the money . Like the old saying , `` you get what you spend . ''
 I ordered this expecting 24 bulbs and only received 4 ! The online catalogue description is wrong or the order was short shipped . Given the low cost , it is not worth the hassle of paying for freight and sending it back . Very annoying .
 Product was advertised as 4 24-pk but was in fact 4 4-pk . Item returned over three weeks ago and we 're still waiting for our refund .
 This is reconditioned , a brand new identical model is available at Lowe 's for only $ 399 . I feel cheated . The box arrived ripped . I have not tried the saw yet , will let you know when I do . Let the buyer beware !!!!!!!!
 These mailboxes are widely distributed available at lumber yards andhardware stores as well as on line.They are conventional design of galvanized steel and are not hot dipped . They will rust quickly as soon as a scratch appears in the thin zinc coating . The paint bonds poorly to the zinc coating and quickly -LRB- one year -RRB- comes off in large flakes.The Plastic latch and flag hinge quickly UV degrade become cracked and brittle as they lose their plasticizers . Parts are not readily available and are relatively expensive.In short this is a once durable product that is now so cheapened as to be unsatisfactory . unfortunately there are few alternatives on the market at reasonable prices .
 The plastic latch is junk and replacements are not available at dealers , to get one you have to fill out a written order , write a check and mail to company , no internet orders and they will not just send you one . When the latch gives out the door falls open and your mail gets wet .
 I checked ithese out and was concerned about the `` plastic parts '' and the enormous shipping charge . I decided to check out some of the stores in the area and found a Gibraltar brand that is all steel . There are no plastic parts . I did n't have to pay the shipping charges and it was the same price -LRB- $ 28.00 -RRB- . They were on sale at Menards and Farm & Fleet .
 I have to hang my mail up to dry . This mailbox is terrible . Even with the door as carefully shut as it can go , my mail still gets extremely wet .
 Bought this mailbox for $ 30.00 . Great box , but the latch is plastic and impossible to find . Broke after about 2 weeks of deliveries . Guess what ? A replacement latch can be ordered from The Solar Group for $ 15.00 ! Outrageous ! Not everybody in this country is made of money .
 Even though i am a prime member and i should get 2 way shipping and should not be charged for return shipping that ; s why i pay the prime membership every year but in this transaction they charged me 13 $ for the return shipping , The item was tooo big and did not come with any mounts to install it and nothing was available at the local store to deal with this Giant Mailbox and it will also violate the 6 Inch distance from the curb if i put this on existing post so you need a new post and gods luck to find a mount for this mailbox . and in case you return even though you have prime they will still charge you for return shipping .
 I agree with other reviewers that the problem with this box is the lack of available replacement parts for the plastic latch which WILL fail . Simple plastic part now not available at all as far as I call tell . Will spend more for a box with metal latches -LRB- such as Gibraltar brand -RRB- for a replacement .
 Bought four mailboxes for my rentals , and three of the four mailboxes ' hardware was broken within weeks . Got around to trying to order replacements -- usually companies do this for FREE and apologize for problem . They were annoyed to have me call to tell them that plastic latches were poorly made , and was directed to website to PURCHASE replacement parts for $ 15 per set !!!! So , $ 60 plus shipping to fix four plastic clips . They have a 90 day warranty on their mailboxes !!!! It 's a mailbox , they should last a few years , not three months . WILL NEVER BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN .
 We were attempting to replace a mailbox here in the country of the same size . Not so . Also , the metal was not as strong as the old mailbox which is now painted and we 're happy .
 Mailbox arrived with one end smashed . Lid would not close without much reshaping and painting . Took two weeks from order to arrival . Would like to blame FedEx but outside box was undammaged . Too much trouble to return and needed the box . Would not recommend .
 When I opened the box the mailbox was in , I did n't notice the damage on one side of the mailbox . There was no damage to the carton but one side of the mailbox had a large dent in it . The box I was replacing is over 40 years old . It has been knocked off the post it was mounted upon several times . It had a couple of minor dents about the size a golf ball would make . The door had finally given up the ghost and rusted off ... after going through over 40 Vermont winters . I will be surprised it I do n't out live the new one.I pounded the dent -LRB- new box -RRB- out with a ` dead-blow ' hammer . The metal is about 1/4 to 1/3 of the thickness of the new one . I hit the old box with the hammer and it did n't even leave a mark on it . I should have bought a new hinge and put it on the old box.I rate the new box as what most people would call crap . -LRB- Feel free to substitute crap with any other word.JATowslee
 I bought this box for my mom at my local hardware store and paid about $ 5 more than it sells for at Amazon.com.It 's been decades since I bought a mailbox , and my first impression on taking this one out of the box was , `` Wow , they sure do n't make them like they used to . '' The change is not for the better . I think the company that makes these got stuck in the early 1980s and someone forget to tell them that American manufacturers are making high quality stuff again.Anyway , the metal is thin . Really thin . So thin that the first mailbox I took home and unpacked had been badly crushed in shipping even though the cardboard box in which it was packed showed no significant damage . The hardware store gladly replaced it , but we made sure to check the condition of the next one before taking it home.The door hinges are the weakest element . The hinge design consists of a pin through thin sheet metal without any reinforcement . I installed the box so that the bottom edge of the lid when open rests against the flat piece of wood upon which the box sits . It looks like this will relieve a little of the strain that bears on the hinges.The design of the box is very traditional , which I like . It 's just that the metal is so very thin and the hinge design is weak .
 I had to beat the dents out of it . I could tell by the packaging that it was damaged before it was shipped .
 Bought two of these a year ago -LRB- almost to the day of this review -RRB- . One of still working great . The other one has failed . It 's not a communication problem , and I can not figure out what is broken . Batteries are fine , and the transmitter is &#60; 20 ft from the receiver , so communication is fine . The receiver seems to be unresponsive to any of the buttons.The worst part is that it failed in the &#34; Raining &#34; mode - which means I did n't figure it out until my grass started turning green from no watering ... When the unit fails , it should never fail in the Rain mode - ever . That is just stupid design.I am going to swap out for a wired version that is 1/3 the price .
 Purchsed This Toro Wireless rain Sensor in 2009 . Worked well in summer of 2009 , 2010 , and 2011 . This summer 2012 , it stopped working . Power light indicates power going through the unit . If discs are water saturated the Red light comes on the sprinkler system is shut off and never goes back on , even when the discs are totally dry . Disconnecting the unit or sensor from power for few minutes and then recoonected the red light goes off . Pushing down on the Microswitch turns on the red light and remains on for days , and sprinkler is shut off . Then unplug the unit and back again to same problem . Contacted Toro and belwo are the suggestions : Retail product defer for Res/Com slightly.Receivers that are may be available from Distributors may not work with your Retail unit .53770 ? The unit may be able to reset however?Have you tried to increase the rain level to '' ? The micro switch may also be stuck . Try to tap the sensor with a screw driver.Replace the batteries.Unplug the 24 volts from the receiver?None of these suggestions worked . Email again and so far no response . It is expensive to buy a product that works only three seasons . I will never buy Toro products anymore . Poor quality and customer care .
 Bulbs do not last as long as claimed . I Found the bulbs cheaper in brick and mortar stores such as Lowes .
 I order stanley razor blades because as an Oboe player , we need the sharpest razor blades we can get to shape cane . Stanley razor blades are the sharpest blades I 've ever encountered . However imagine my surprise when I get my order and open up the box to find 200 GENERIC BRAND razor blades , not stanley ones . Do they simply think they are saving money by sending cheaper blades since most people wouldnt notice the difference?Normally I would send something like this back , but haggling over a 4 dollar order just seemed pointless . But needless to say I will buy my razorblades somewhere else from now on .
 I was looking to replace the blades I had purchased before that looked like the photo above which shows the blades in a plastic dispenser . It was a very safe container where the blades slide out without risk of cuts and it had storage for used blades . The blades that I received came in a box . No plastic dispenser . Not quite what I needed . Please show the item as it appears .
 You get what you pay for . These are some of the cheapest , most flimsy , and poorly made plastic tweezers available . Half of them do n't even align right at the tip . I do n't recommend these . If you want ESD safe tweezers , I would recommend Wiha .
 Purchased this sink two years ago in bisque . A month ago noticed that there was a spot about 1/4 '' where the surface had eroded . A week later , I found another spot . I have treated this sink with the utmost care and was led to believe that it was a durable sink . Rohl said that they do not warranty this , but I could buy two products to touch up their sink that they market as very resilient . DO NOT BUY THIS SINK .
 This heated toilet seat only reached 85 degrees in our 72 degree house . The human body is 98.6 and human skin is over 90 degrees . Therefore , it felt cold . We refunded ours .
 The seat is nicely designed , but has one HUGE design flaw . The seat and lid together are thicker than most toilet seats/lids so when lifted together and leaned against the tank lid , it is not exactly vertical and the seat will not stay up . The toilet lid does . If all your users are female , this is not a problem . But my husband finds it particularly annoying and I do n't blame him . This may not be a problem if the lid on the tank does not overlap the tank , but our lid projects out over the tank about an inch . I do n't know what to do about this . I will call Kohler and see if they have a solution but I doubt it . Also , the heating element is advertised as heating to 20-30 deg . F above room temperature , but our bathroom is about 55 deg F in the early morning and a 75 deg F seat is not all that warm . I was disappointed that there is no way to increase the temperature . There are many heated toilet seats on the market . I wish I had thought more about the pros and cons of each one .
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased ! Pay ~ $ 17 for -LRB- 2 -RRB- pieces of foam that are supposed to stick to the sides of an A/C unit with double-sided tape or glue . WRONG ! The tape sticks to nothing -LRB- peels off/away within seconds -RRB- . The only thing worthwhile about the package - is the foam , - but I would not pay $ 17 .
 This product was awful . I bought it for a friend and he said he cut it before he looked are the price or he would not have cut the product . it was basically cardboard . And we could have found that anywhere ! Would not recommend !
 This item absolutely does not work . I have tried it on every type of wiring I have in the shop . It will not cut the romex cable at all .
 It looks nice in the picture , but when the actual lamp arrived , I figured that the coating of the base metal is coming out . It keeps coming out and now my lamp base is literally a two-tone color because half of it lost its coating -LRB- in TWO days -RRB- ! The base is heavy , but not heavy enough to stand straight . It 's tilting all the time and I can not fix it . If you look at the lamp in the dark from 2 feet behind , it looks nice . That 's only positive I can find .
 BEWARE ! This material is supposed to be white , but it is really translucent . You can see the color of the cables inside it . It 's not white unless you put all white cables inside .
 I bought two . One was installed in my new kitchen and burned out -LRB- with a puff of smoke -RRB- in less than a year . It would always run hot , but it was installed in a plastic box , not metal . I am going to install the second one in the same location , but in a metal box to see if the metal box acts like a heat sink and keeps the switch from over heating . Two stars because it did work well before it burned up . It was installed in a 3-way configuration with a regular 3-way toggle switch on the other end .
 I bought five of these dimmers from HD and two of them stopped working within the first year . There are only 3 light bulbs on the dimmer and each is only 60W . Both times there was smoke coming out of the dimmer . I am surprised to see all the good review from the others . Maybe I got a bad batch . Anyway , I would stay away from these dimmers .
 Recently the quality of the PUR Faucet Mount systems have gone into the toilet . I contacted PUR to let them know I was having problems with keeping their PUR filter from leaking . They sent me a coupon for a new one and I purchased this `` state of the art '' model thinking that if the previous models had kinks then surely they would have worked them out by now . Ummmm ... no way . The silver colored plastic Faucet Mount Housing -LRB- the large silver part that holds the filter -RRB- came off within about a week of us installing it because the glue gave out . The front silver cover that houses the flavor cartridge kept falling off if it was slightly tapped . This thing leaked within a few months of getting it . Try as we may , tightening it did nothing . Then we tried to take it off to check the rubber seal . The mounting nut that attaches it to the faucet then locked up so we could n't put it back on . Save your money . Replacing the unit every few months does n't give you any real savings . I 'm dissappointed again . I wish I could give it -3 stars because I would .
 This is such a shame . I had a vertical 3 stage PUR filter and after about six months it sprung leaks . So , I decided to get their more expensive model . After a couple of weeks , the flavor button stopped working . I replaced the flavor cartridge and that did n't fix the problem . Plus , any tiny bump and the cover to the flavor packet would come right off.This thing is too big for standard sinks . Washing pots and pans was not easy and you have to work around it.I 've owned this model now for about six months and it 's leaking all over as well . In fact , the back pressure actually caused a pin hole in the faucet arm to develope and now I have to replace my faucet . Not totally the unit 's fault because our water in Austin is very hard.The biggest tragedy in this is that the water that actually comes out of this thing is outstanding . So clean that the water even tasted sweet . I just do n't want the same problem in a couple of months all over aain . Guess I 'll be scouring the web fo a viable replacement . Very disappointed .
 We 've owned this unit before , and it sprung a leak after a year of heavy use . So , we bought another one last week ... Note
 The biggest problem I have with the unit is that the cheesy plastic part that screws onto the faucet threads has already stripped out and falls off the faucet . Using a quality brass part would be a no-brainer , yet they decided to use plastic . DUMB . DUMB . DUMB.After 2 months , the unit is unusable ; I keep reattaching it to the faucet , and every time I turn it on I get a shower of water on me and it flies off . It 's not the unit falling off , leaving the threaded attachment on the faucet , it 's the whole thing , threaded attachment and all falls off.I did n't have any other significant issues other than that . But a faucet mount filter that falls off constantly is of no use . Idiot idea to use plastic instead of a metal part.Don ' t waste your money.Update
 Seemed shabbily made of plastic , hard to open and fragile with the possibility of cracking when changing the cartridge - was big and bulky on the faucet - and flavored water ? Plain water was what I was going for , I wanted a filter that removed taste , not added it - I returned the product and got a filtering pitcher which does not take up so much space and works like a dream . No flavors in this water .
 The product was meant to replace its predecessor model with faulty faucet adapters . The faucet adapters on this newer model were thought to be made of metal , as clearly shown on the enlarged image . However , these turned out to be made of the same inexpensive plastic material , which made the entire mechanism usable only for a few months .
 Like most that have complainants about this product , it has a major problem with keeping a seal . Mine however would not stay attached to the faucet when flipping the switch to the filter . It worked great for a month and then the attachment `` stripped '' and started blasting off the faucet like a water cannon . I even tried sealing it with teflon pipe dope to no avail . The water tasted great , but now I only have tap water . Yummy chlorine . We will see if P&G own up to their design flaw or give me the warranty period run around . I now miss my Brita .
 This PUR product is bad . It is expensive as it clogged almost immediately . Then , having gone through 3 filters ... it just did not work . The more I tried to change the filter , the more it leaked . Save your $ $ - buy the filters one at a time - I am stuck with 3 that I will never use . The Culligan product worked first time , is so much less expensive .
 I 'm so disappointed . I 've had this filter for less than a year and it stopped working . I have always replaced the filters when needed , all the gaskets and adapters seem to be connected correctly , but now water spews out from around the light and where the housing screws together . Everything looks fine , but no matter what I do , the water continues to spew and does n't seem to filter .
 The good news is , the new one-click design solves Pur 's ageless problem of leaks and spurts and constant dripping . The bad news is , they got everything else wrong . This is a cheap , `` plasticky '' piece of crap ... and the taste cartridges taste , well , like crap . It 's no wonder they 're hard to find/replace ... my guess , they 'll be abandoning this idea very soon and so simply are n't making any more taste cartridges . The entire thing feels like it 's going to break off in your had every time you use it . If you like the look and feel of fake plastic chrome , you 're going to love this . Simply take the one click connector , put it on the brushed stainless unit that feels like a million bucks , and you 'll have yourself the best unit on the marketplace . It 's inelegant and clunky ... it 's a good thing the innovative swing out of the way design works so well ... because that 's where you 'll want this cheap and ham handed and ungainly piece of crap ... out of the way . I went back to my old , leaky stainless unit . Put the new connector on the old filter unit and you 're good to go .
 We bought this product hoping to reduce our consumption of bottled water and thereby our plastic trash -LRB- although we recycle -RRB- . It did not live up to expectations for that purpose . The product works as advertised but it does not taste like most flavored bottled water , most of which also contains Splenda . So , if you like flavored bottled water , be forewarned that this product does not contain any sweetener . We tried to add Splenda and `` bottle '' our own , but never could get it to taste the same . The `` bottling '' process was no fun either , which we did not think about in advance . By the time we washed empty bottles and refilled them , we figure we used more water than what we saved by not buying more bottles . Also , we found it difficult to find the flavoring cartridges at our local grocery and ended up making special trips to Target to buy them . In the long run , we 've returned guiltily to our bottled flavored water . If you just use regular water in a glass today , this product will be an improvement . If you are replacing bottled water , think twice .
 received item page says you gt a rasberry flavor cartledge with it and it came with lemon am not happy about it
 The copy in Amazon talks about `` Premium filtration '' . The Owners Manual , which you can see only after opening the package , clearly states `` The faucet filter is not intended to purify water . Do not use with water that is microbiologically unsafe or of unknown quality without adequate disinfection ... '' That 's quite a difference . Also , the flavor packet had a use by date in 2009 . I 'm writing this in August 2010 . $ 45 wasted . Seller was Bradsdodads and they promptly refunded purchase price and shipping .
 1 . Adds flavor to filtered water . Feels like mixed with vinegar2 . Filter was installed in the bathroom and used very moderately - about 4 glasses a day . After about a WEEK electronic filter indicator staterd flashing red , and day later water stopped flowing . New filter costs 20 bucks . Means , using filter would cost $ 20 a week . NO , THANK YOU !
 The Seller is selling discontinued items and items that have went beyond their expirationd date without saying anything to the buyer , this should be illegal . this model is dicontinued over a year ago -LRB- per pur -RRB- and the flavor packets are beyond the expiration date . The flavor packets are no longer available so this feature is useless . Also the packet that came with it tastes horrible , I can only assume because its expiration date is past . I will be returning this model for one that is current in production and can be used .
 Having compared water filters for a while now I decided I wanted the Pur . It said it snapped on to any faucet on the website and filtered out all I wanted it to . Yesterday while grocery shopping I found this option at the HEB superstore . Reading the label it said no added sugars as well so I thought awesome ... natural juices to add flavor to my water ! I 'm in!After trying for 30 minutes to get this puppy on my faucet -LRB- I 'll get to that in a minute -RRB- I looked at the ingredients in the flavor cartridge and was stopped in my tracks . My goal was to not use artificial flavor packets like kool-aid or artificial sweeteners like crystal light ... but what this contained was FAR worse . PUR , why would someone who cares about filtering out bad things for them in their water wish to dose their water with bad things ??!! Tap water is better for you than this flavor water . Here 's an example : Ingredients
 Even though I read the reviews here , just the thought of not having to buy water or juice anymore made me want to have this so bad . Sadly though these people didnt just receive a bad unit , seems like 90 % or more have these leaking problem . I didnt even get to enjoy one cup of water , didnt even get to try the juice . =[ I installed this thing & its like I installed a waterfall , this thing leaked from every possible place , you know what I should have taken a picture . It was serioiusly that ridiculous , like the sprinkler cap they put on fire hydrants . I uninstalled & installed about 3 times , checking the washers , removing them & putting them back , still same thing everytime . I installed my faucets , I consider myself somewhat of a handyman so its not like this was brain surgery to me .
 Buying this filter was one of the worst mistakes I ever made . It worked fine for a week , then the stream became very slow and it kept falling off splashing water all over . Please do not buy this product .
 I timed how long it takes to fill a coffee mug with water : Filter off - Tap 1/2 on - 4 secondsFilter on - Tap full on - 50 seconds.This is not very usable or practical .
 Tired of buying bottled water , I decided to purchase this water filter . At first , it worked great . Good tasting water , convenient and easy to use , looked decent on the faucet . All of this changed afer about 2 months when it began to leak . I thought maybe we had over-tightened when we first attached it to the faucet and stripped some threads so I bought a second one and tried again . I will say they are consistent because I got the same results with the second one . Not only did it drip from the back of the unit , it began spraying out of the front . It was no fun getting a shower everytime you wanted a drink of water.Save your money and buy a pitcher or dispenser . I finally bought the PUR DS-1800Z 2-Stage Water Dispenser and have been very satisfied with it . Plus , it never spits in my face .
 falls off easily , does not stay on , progressively gets worsetoo big to wash dishes aroundwater tastes excellent
 From the start it leaked and after constantly adjusting the angle and the tightness I minimized the leak but did not get rid of it . It is a very cheap looking system and turned me off ever buying a faucet mount system again . It takes a bit of force to use the Flavor Option button that within a few months loosened the seal again and caused it to leak more.If you are fortunate enough not to have a leak , I can see how this can be a good system . The water did taste cleaner and the flavored water also tasted good . The filters last for quite awhile , and switching filters is quite simple.If you are looking for a long term solution , I would n't recommend this . It seems cheaper and I would be impressed if it would last more than two years.We are no longer using our system because the entire point of the purchase was to encourage us not to buy bottled water . That is difficult to accomplish when it leaks water every time you use it .
 After about 3 months it falls off the faucet and is no longer useable . A big waste of money . We had problems with another PUR model leaking so we thought this one might be better . Not at all .
 Busted and started leaking within 4 months . I was stupid and bought a dual filter refill , now I have an extra . I will update the review after I see what their warranty is like .
 Well , it 's ok but not a lot more than that.The good news is that you do n't need any tools to hook it up.But the bad news is that it took several tries to get it to remain seated.It feels a little flimsy and I worry that if anyone gets even a little heavy handed with it it will surly break . Not metal on it at all anymore ... all feels like a metal balsa wood ... lolOn the plus side the flavor option is nice and simple.Overall it just does n't ' seem/look/feel very sturdy for what it costs.But I 'm not sorry I bought it ... it works ... while I 'm not amazed with it I am satisfied .
 I was somewhat lucky as that my purifier was functional for about 2 years . I think I got mine at K-mart for $ 30here 's what I liked and disliked : + The water itself is noticably fresh and good tasting -LRB- using the 3 stage filters -RRB- . - The flavor thing is dumb , I did n't like the taste of them and the dispenser is of a chintzy design -LRB- it looked impressive on display -RRB- - it takes a while , like 10 seconds to fill a glass , rather than 3 seconds or so.-The unit is pretty bulky and makes it hard to see the dishes-If you have a faucet nozle that lets you adjust where the water comes out of slightly -LRB- like I did -RRB- you will have to remove this and basically store it until your purifier breaks and you can put it back on.-These things aparently tend to break ... Mine suddenly broke a few days ago . First the LED indicator stopped coming on , so I decided to buy two new filters -LRB- $ 25 ... -RRB- . I popped a new one in and ran the sink for a while , and walked away . The light came on , but it did n't go off like it was supposed to . I fiddled with it for a while to no avail . It sounded like something was loose in the head peice when I removed it to give it a shake . That went on until the battery failed presumably -LRB- ~ 15 hours -RRB- . Now , most importantly , it seems that my PUR water filter is no longer filtering the water . The water tastes noticably worse , and it comes out of the unit suspiciously fast . I 'm really disapointed with losing the $ 25 for the filters .
 Save your money !! This is my second Pur water filter from Proctor and Gamble . My first started leaking after 5-6 months . After complaining PG sent a coupon for a new one . My new one just started leaking . The product looks nice and functions well , but it is not well made . Once we are done with the expensive filters this unit is going in the trash . So as I said before , get something else .
 I should have believed all of the negative reviews . From the start it restricted the waterflow and progressively got worse until it stopped working altogether - 2 months after I bought it . JUNK!I did n't mind the flavoring though , but I like diet drinks .
 I was really looking forward to getting this product . I go through a lot of flavored bottled water - Fruit2O , Nestle , Adirondack , a few other brands . Anyway , this seemed like a great way to save some money , and more importantly not continue to go through the plastic bottles like crazy.So I have had it about 3 weeks now , and am very disappointed in the flavor feature . It supposedly only takes 1 squirt to flavor 8 oz . of water . I have found 1 squirt to give absolutely no flavor . 2 squirts provides a very faint flavor . 3 gets you something recognizable . 6 or 7 gets you closer to bottled water quality . So at this pace , you go through the flavorings so quickly , you end up spending MORE than you would to buy the bottles . I think this is why some other reviewers thought there was no sweetener in the flavorings - if you only use a squirt or 2 the flavor is so weak , you may not think it is sweetened.On the positive side the filter seems to work pretty well , regular tap water is pretty good run through it . However , I already owned a Brita pitcher that worked fine for this purpose . It was the flavor option that drove this purchase , and it is the flavor option that has left me disappointed .
 I purchased this shower head with much excitement because it was all metal . My previous shower head was metal but the bracket -LRB- that attached onto the shower arm -RRB- was plastic . Every time I have a hand held shower head with a plastic bracket , the bracket eventually breaks . So I sucked it up and bought a really expensive one with a nice description . When I purchased the item it said `` sold by Wayfair and fulfilled by Amazon . '' Now it just says , `` sold by Wayfair . '' The shower head came and the shower head itself was quite substantial and beautiful . The only problem was that everything else listed in the description was missing . The male connector and bracket were not there , the 52 '' hose was non existent , the tools and hardware that were supposed to be included were also non existent . So all I had was a shower head that cost more than $ 200 !!! The funny thing to me is that this was fulfilled by Amazon . I 've been ordering from Amazon for 10 years at least . This has happened to me more than 7 times when ordering expensive items . It 's almost as if they just pulled the box off the shelf and sent it without making sure that everything that was supposed to be included was in the box . When I received the box from Amazon and saw how small the shipping box was , I immediately knew parts were missing before I opened the item . It was a complete no brainer for me . Maybe the people in stock and delivery at Amazon have never purchased a hand held shower head before or something . If I buy a $ 20 item and something is missing , fine . I 'll go buy what I need from someplace else and return the item from Amazon when I get around to it . However , if I purchase a $ 220 item from amazon and parts are missing , I have to return the item and wait for my credit back to my checking account before I can go out and buy it from another place because that 's a lot of money and I have to save up for purchases like this . This experience along with the many similar experiences I 've had over the past 10 years make me seriously think twice about purchasing anything expensive from Amazon . Sorry Amazon . All your employees have to do is inspect the package before sending it out and compare it to the description on your website of what should be included to make sure everything is there and in order . You 'll waste less money paying for customer returns and you 'll waste less of the customers time and money as well .
 I purchased this product without reading the fine print . I do not own a GE Smart Security system , therefore this sensor is completely useless to me . This sensor ties into the alarm system . If you do not have the alarm system , there is no way for the sensor to alarm you.Taylor
 I bought two . One was installed in my new kitchen and burned out -LRB- with a puff of smoke -RRB- in less than a year . It would always run hot , but it was installed in a plastic box , not metal . I am going to install the second one in the same location , but in a metal box to see if the metal box acts like a heat sink and keeps the switch from over heating . Two stars because it did work well before it burned up . It was installed in a 3-way configuration with a regular 3-way toggle switch on the other end .
 I bought five of these dimmers from HD and two of them stopped working within the first year . There are only 3 light bulbs on the dimmer and each is only 60W . Both times there was smoke coming out of the dimmer . I am surprised to see all the good review from the others . Maybe I got a bad batch . Anyway , I would stay away from these dimmers .
 In my work , I do a lot of small terminal block termination . I purchased a set of the Klein precision screwdrivers when they were first introduced a few years ago in the hopes that they would be as durable as my other Klein tools.The first -LRB- and last -RRB- job these were used on was wiring a Softwarehouse Istar control panel . The small flat screwdriver lasted for exactly two terminations before the tip bent . and the small philips stripped out the head of the first power supply termination I tried to make . The Klein screwdrivers went back into the bottom of my tool bag and I went with the old reliable Craftsman Pro precision screwdrivers I 've used since the 90 's . The original pros were the best and are no longer made by sears.I have since discovered Whia tools and recommend them if you intend to do a lot of precision work . They can be expensive , but you get what you pay for . The tips always fit perfectly and wont bend . I have broken a few of them using them to pry things -- Klein screwdrivers are just unbeatable when used as light pry bars.In sum , avoid these and buy Whia instead .
 This unit is poorly designed for remodel installations which require pulling the can out of the plaster frame and later reinstalling . The can barely clears the ring of the frame . It 's a struggle to get the can out and an even bigger struggle to get it in . Lightolier lights are much better in this regard . It 's also a bit of struggle to get the frame into the ceiling hole as the junction box barely makes it through . Not an impressive design . New construction installations are probably much easier .
 The image shows that it comes with the face plate . But guess what ? No plate . This is not good . The product could be a good quality one BUT if it not comes with what you order then it 's a steal . Since the plate hole has to be exactly the dimension of the dimmer button you end up ordering another item to the same people that framed you . I know is a very bad word but I ca n't help feeling that way .
 Ok , the beef i have with this alarm is the following . It Chirps once THEN the siren goes off 30 seconds AFTER motion is detected . Take out a watch ... 30 seconds it a long time to wait after motion is detected.Plus as someone mentioned it gives away the position of the device with the initial Chirp . I do n't know why they do not just have it go off when motion is detected to begin with .
 aveces funciona otras no , cuando funciona el tiempo de disparo es muy largo ... en otras ocaciones no detecta la se & ntilde ; al del control remoto . . en resumen es un completo desperdicio de dinero : -LRB-
 As others have already said , I do n't know what GE was thinking when they designed this device . It has an operating range of only 20 feet , but has a 30 second delay ! That means any intruder has a full 30 seconds to cross the short effective range of the alarm before it alarms ! Even at a rate of one foot per second that still leaves a full 10 seconds before it alarms . A human being has to crawl to move that slow and I doubt any intruder will be crawling . As an alarm it 's a joke , as an entry door chime , it 's OK . However , for about half the price you can get a brass merchant 's bell on a nice `` s '' spring and mount it to your door . It will look a lot nicer too ! Do n't waste your money on this . I 'm sorry I did .
 If this unit had an extra setting to allow for silent arming and disarming + a volume adjustment on the chime mode , it would be an acceptable device for indoor use . Returned to vendor ...
 To Men -LRB- or women who carry keys in pocket -RRB- WARNING
 I live in a good sized 4 bedroom house and installed this exactly as described in the hall to alert me if someone were trying to enter mine or my childrens rooms ... I then decided it to be a good idea to `` test '' the system.TEST # 1 -- I had my daughter sit on her bed and I armed the alarm ... 45 seconds later I proceeded down the hall ... beep ... it `` saw '' me . As any other would do I proceeded to open her door , pick up my daughter and then head down the hall to the front door ... unlocked and opened the door and proceeded to my car door ... ALARM ... . you 've got to be kidding me !!! I could have kidnapped my kid and been gone before I was even alerted !! I dis this at a leisurely pace ... had I been an actual kidnapper i probably would move a lot faster and not had a locked front door.TEST # 2 -- Just to see how pointless this alarm really is I re-armed the alarm , set my daughter up in her bed again walked out and closed the door . Alarm armed proceed down hall ... beep ... `` saw '' me . I unsnapped the alarm from it 's mounting bracket , opened my daughters room and walked down the hall and out the front door ... ALARM ... and as a kidnapper ... i 'm gone with my daughter and nobody is being alerted !! my final word -- title says it all , 30 seconds is WAY too long especially when children are involved .
 Just got broken into yesterday , fortunately , they were in and out fast , not much taken ... so , figured this product would prevent future thefts in my home ... NO WAY ... it detects ok , BUT , it BEEPS = WARNS the intruder to just go smash the flashing red light object on the wall !!!!!!!!! . . LOL > ... then 30 SECONDs later , the alarm ... I mean , what the heck ... i want the alarm to go off immediately ... I am taking this back to walmart ... what a waste of time and money ... i can see NO use for this product .
 The volume on this thing is so low you have to be standing next to it to hear the chime.There is no volume control.Going to return .
 This alarm functions as stated in the instruction book -LRB- inside the package -RRB- , but is severely useless . There is actually a 30 second delay before the alarm sounds once motion is detected . To make matters worse , once motion is detected , there is a brief -LRB- 1/4sec -RRB- chirp and a flashing red light that gives away the position of the device . So ... effectively , if an intruder can take out the batteries -LRB- or stuff it under a pillow -RRB- in 30 seconds , your security system is compromised . What were they thinking when they made this ? The door chime mode is useful -LRB- chimes immediately -RRB- , but the alarm is not .
 I thank C. Perez for pointing out the length of delay . 30 seconds is way too much , if an intruder gets in while I sleep he/she could get to me before the alarm even sounds . I want an alarm that goes of instantaneously -- it has a remote so there 's no need for a delay . I had bought this at WM , will return it unopened .
 If you 're looking for a loud unit , this is fine . I wanted to use it to notify me when my kids sleep walk , and it does n't have enough options to turn down the volume .
 I bought this replacement strainer basket because the collar that holds the stopper broke free of the strainer body . The new one broke the very same way in three months . I did n't buy a cheaper type of strainer because I wanted quality . I am very disappointed and I am going to find out if Kohler guarantees this product .
 Stem became loose from the body of the strainer just like the one it replaced . This makes it impossible to change the unit from strainer to stopper . The difference is this new one happened in just a few weeks . Kohler needs to come up with a better way of attaching the stem to the strainer body . For what they charge for this strainer you 'd think they , Kohler , would solve this problem .
 This review is for the Vibrant Brass model.Please do not buy this strainer
 Just like the others that have posted
 I never experienced breakage of a sink strainer before buying and installing the expensive Kohler Duostrainer . But , like the other reviewers , mine broke after a couple of years of light use . If anyone knows of an equivalent replacement -LRB- from Europe ? Australia ? -RRB- that is n't cheap junk like the Kohler , please post details in a comment to this review .
 While these strainers look very nice , the function is reliant on a plastic o-ring to seal the drain . After just a couple uses it came off and does hold water any longer .
 Remodeled kitchen spring of 2010 . New sink and all surfaces replaced . When picking out the drains we went with the Kohler Duo-Strainer units . I thought they were over priced - but sometimes you get what you pay for . Not this time . So far the baskets have not broken , but the o-rings last a short time . Trying to find replacement o-rings of the proper size with no luck . Do not want to replace the baskets to get a dimes worth of o-rings . Will keep you posted .
 This was not the correct product I needed , it was sent back . I ca n't find what I need , my sink is a Kohler kitchen sink and the stopper top broke and I ca n't find one to replace it .
 The photo of this product is deceiving . It 's actually very cheaply built . The knob on the right side of the reel broke right after we intalled it . I 'm not returning it because it would n't be worth it . I was really disappointed .
 The bracket on the back is difficult at best to align . Then once I finally got it aligned , the bracket , which is held on my glue came off , damaging my wall . Now I get to repair and repaint the wall . This thing went straight to the dump .
 This tp holder was to be a xmas gift for my parents . I am so happy I opened it before giving it to them on xmas day . The construction is cheap , the handle fell off after I took it out of the box .
 I bought this for a gift and waited a week for it to arrive.I ca n't even get the roller out of it.The thing fell apart when it came out of the box.Never again ...
 It was a cute bear on my wall . I followed instructions . Went to get TP off holder for use , and it fell & broke . After learning the metal plate came off the back of the bear .
 It ws very plain did not have any finish at all on it , so had to drive 50 miles to get a stain to make it look decent .
 Big and bulky and cheaply made . A normal roll of toilet paper is hard to dispense . Very cute design though
 Some of the construction on this thing is done with screws , so is hot glue or wood glue ... I was n't impressed and embarrassed to give this as a gift.It is unique and my dad thought it was neat , though .
 This product is a great idea but fails in execution . I 've now tried several times to set it up but ca n't get the base unit to communicate with the satellite timers . I 'll keep trying but it should n't be so hard .
 I bought 2 of these kits . The first one worked but the rocker switches used to turn the lights on and off were really hard to press and get to work reliably . But I liked the way it worked so I bought another one -LRB- bad idea -RRB- . The second kit was worse and even harder to turn on and off . Plus 2 of the receivers on the second kit did n't work at all . I threw both kits away and bought the Hunter kit .
 Pros
 I bougth few of themthen I found all transmiters are defect , non of transmiters wokeddo not buy this , you will be sorry . Saeed masjedi
 I have to give it another try , but i found it an uncomfortable fit . after five minutes you have to rip it off to breathe . i have an average size head but the strings are too tight . it did help with the smell of the paint , but not completely . i will try when i am painting again , outside , and this time furniture . everyone is different and the product it self is made so well and so reasonably priced . i am not sorry i bought them and will try to review again . as always fast shipment .
 I chose this product in a size &#34; Regular &#34; for a 5 ' 7 &#34; and 141 pound cancer patient who needs good germ protection especially during flu season . The elastic on the masks is so tight they can not be worn . I am 5 ' 2 &#34; and 125 pounds , and can not wear them for more than a few minutes because they are so tight on the face . The sizing is way off!The mask itself is very thick and would definitely stop germs . However , it is so thick that it seems quite &#34; stuffy &#34; . I have N95 ear loop masks from 3M , and they are far more comfortable than these . I would not purchase this product again -- even in another size .
 Not a replacement for a flourescent bulb ! the advertised savings are n't really there with these bulbs . I bought some and was disappointed when they did n't give the same amount of light as a $ .99 nite light . I can not even read by their light , these bulbs are so dim ! I love the idea of these things , and I 'll have to see what products are out there which can outlast flourescent bulbs .
 While this bulb was a perfect fit for my intended application , it seems that CCrane has a serious problem with their outsourced manufacturer 's quality control.The first one I bought worked flawlessly for about 3 months , but afterward would lose illumination from a segment of the LED 's soon after powering up . The lamp would flicker as it rose to operating temperature and then would continue to operate at the lower lumen -LRB- light output -RRB- level.I figured , maybe I got a bad one , so I ordered a second . The second one worked for about six months before exhibiting the exact same issues as the first.Rip me off once , meh , rip me off twice and it 's adios -LRB- and a one-star review on Amazon ! -RRB-
 These lights are extremely dim and the light is more of a focused beam than a broad coverage . Although that is not a huge let down . I purchased four for my room . While being satisfied at first , when turning the lights back on ten minutes after putting the lights in , one failed and has yet to come back on . I paid fifteen dollars for ten minutes of light . So be very careful when purchasing these LED lights ; they are not quality products .
 WARNING
 You can make something like this yourself with a higher output and lower cost . for almost $ 50 , it 's well worth your time.It 's a nice novelty item but puts out as much light as a 20-watt bulb.I would avoid this puppy altogether if you 're looking to replace any standard lighting .
 Please avoid this bulb at all costs . C.Crane makes outlandish claims about this bulb that are simply false . This bulb does not give off enough light to replace any type of bulb whatsoever ! You can not use this for reading or activities . It is a very expensive , and a complete rip off .
 Bought this because it promised to turn any light into a low consumption light . Achieved . Did n't mention I would have to use a flashlight or candle as backup to actually read on paper.Ups : I ended up changing a very dim 11 watt CFL which drew 8 watts and illuminates exactly the same , but now I only use 2 watts -LRB- according to my kill-a-watt -RRB- . It 's a conversation maker , sometimes people ask about that odd bulb on the lamp . No glass helps prevent breakage.Downs : Way too dim , the power I save does n't compensate for the price -LRB- or at least not in the near future , maybe my grandchildren will see the break-even point happen ? -RRB- . In general , after reading the other reviews was n't surprised , the description is somewhat misleading . Would recommend to stick to CFL 's if you want to be eco-friendly and wallet-friendly at the same time .
 For people looking to save power this may be for you , but if you are expecting bright light or even distribution of the light this is NOT the LED bulb for you .
 Terrible , terrible , terrible . OK if all you want is a small spotlight or a nightlight.I wasted money on buying TWO of these bulbs that I will NEVER use ! I do want to see better LED samples in the marketplace , but THIS one has GOT TO GO!Too bad I did n't check the reviews on Amazon before spending over 60 bucks on TWO lightbulbs ! I 'm an IDIOT !
 I paid less than 10 dollars at Amazon , but the product is very dark . I would not pay over 10 dollars for this product .
 Please note that this is a very dim bulb . I purchased Crane lights -LRB- including this one -RRB- about two years ago . Have not purchased any more since . It is NOT bright enough for reading . This bulb will work well as a porch light or such thing , but LIGHT IS VERY BLUE.A high quality globe style LED bulb good enough for reading will cost about $ 40 - $ 50.00 . If used a lot , it will pay for itself in a few years . If not used a lot , it will likely outlast you on this earth if you do n't break it -LRB- say by knocking a lamp over -RRB- . NEVER buy an LED bulb without knowing color . 3,000 - 3,500 K is warm white -LRB- yellowish , usually favored for residential interior -RRB- , 4,000 - 4,500 K is white tending to blue -LRB- good for office work , production line or warehouse , security light -RRB- , 5,000 to 6,000 K is bluish -LRB- security light ? I would avoid 6,000 -RRB- . The higher colors also tend to have 10 % or so higher lumens outputs for same wattage in LED bulbs.At present -LRB- February , 2010 -RRB- LED bulbs produce about 35 lumens per watt , with light wanting to be projected in a linear fashion . A 65-watt par 30 incandescent light bulb produces about 700 lumens projected in a diffuse fashion .
 I bought 2 of these at a very bargain price . Both failed to turn on after only a couple of weeks . LEDs are supposed to last around 100,000 hours . So , it maybe not the LEDs but the way it was manufactured . It also not very bright for such a number of LEDs in it .
 I use several 40w incandescent bulbs around the house in multi-bulb fixtures - some pointing at art on the walls . This LED unit has about half , or less , light output compared to any of the 40w incandescents . And , as has already been mentioned the color is a harsh blue-white . It does dim with an X10 LM465 Lamp Module , but it stays on very , very dimly when the module is off -LRB- probably due to the LM465 's sense current -RRB- . In summary , this unit is only worth being used as a night light , or possibly in a gooseneck fixture 6 inches from your head pointing directly at whatever you may want to read . Also , it does get a bit warm when on - nowhere near as hot as a regular incandescent bulb , but it does not run totally cool.UPDATE
 The product description says this light could be used for reading . Not even close . Does n't give off much more light than a nite light.Will shed some light on the corner of a room if you are afraid of the dark .
 I purchased this bulb Oct. 5,2008 , and it went out July 10 , 2009 , I do n't believe this bulb is a good buy , I will not purchase anymore if this is the life of the bulb .
 Some of the other reviewers say this bulb puts out about as much light as a 20 watt incandescent equivalent . I do n't think it even reaches that . I bought this bulb some time ago and used it in a small office lamp . while it might be adequate for night time reading , I think that 's about as good as it gets . It certainly is n't enough to replace a standard household light -LRB- eg
 JUST AN OVER PRICED SLIGHTLY BRIGHTER THEN NORMAL NIGHT LITE . MY 2-LEDPOCKET LIGHT IS BRIGHTER .
 Important note
 This remote switch in combination with a wall switch were advertised to have a range of up to 150 ' . It worked up to about 10 ' .
 i installed it in a hanging light and only works until the fixture has been on for a few minutes . after the remote gets hot it will no longer turn off . have to unscrew the bulb and let it cool down !!! do n't know how to get my money back or who to call ?
 I purchased this switch along with the GE Wall Mount remote . It 's advertised to work up to 150 ' . However , it only worked up to about 6 ' . My parents wanted a way to control the lights on their detached garage from the house . After spending quite a bit of time in the cold garage wiring and fitting the unit into the electrical box , I found that it was useless for the application and had to remove it and replace the original standard switch . With a 6 ' range , it 's obviously cheaper to walk to the switch and operate it ! : - -LRB-
 Even though incandescent lighting is becoming scarce , this item can only be used with incandescent lights . Unfortunately the description leaves out this important detail .
 I have all of my exterior lighting on remote control . I use CFL bulbs in most of the fixtures . THIS SWITCH WILL NOT WORK WITH CFL . So I wired it to the circuit that I use spot bulbs in and installed it in a plastic box so as not to degrade the signal . At 10 feet my remote would not operate . At 5 feet I had a 50 ! % chance and holding my remote to the switch it worked most of the time . I removed the switch from the box and it worked out to about 30 feet . Bottom line , it needs a better antenna or to be exposed . But as your probably aware , having a switch dangling by wires is not ideal or sometimes legal .
 Dont waste your money on this switch . While it does work , I find it flaky and inconsistent . Sometimes I can wave my hand in front of the switch for a minute before it finally turns on . Look for a better switch .
 Doese n't work w Fluorescents including 2 bulbs > 30Watts as it claims.Motion switch doese n't work w Incandescent either.I found an occupancy sensor called Watt Stopper RS-250 - universal vacancy sensor turns lights on or off based on time and motion . Adjustable and light level sensing . Excellent product which works w all types of fluorescents and incandescents . Fuss free .
 As other reviewers have noted , I have tried 4 of these switches and they do not work . I have tried them with 2 8 ' florescent lights in the garage , and they have a terrible flicker and the sensor only works occasionally . Stay away from these !
 If you have a flourescent light then do n't buy this product . It wo n't work . It will flicker . I 've searched for a solution but there are no solutions for the flickering flourescent problem .
 *** NOTICE *** I just now wired it up only to be disappointed . Googling the issue led me here , so I 'll share my experience.The product specifically states that it is compatible with rapid start fluorescent lamps ; however , when in auto mode , the fluorescent lights will only flicker . The fluorescent lights will stay on when placed in `` on '' mode , but that defeats the purpose of the product . The best suited locations for this device are in laundry rooms and/or garages . Generally you 're using compact fluorescent or rapid start fluorescent lighting in those areas.The packaging clearly misleads the consumer during purchase ; therefore , this product is garbage . *** STAY AWAY ***
 I too bought this switch for laundry room light . It utterly failed to operate my 2 4 ' fixtures . When hooked up , my lights rapidly blinked , like an oldtime movie projector.The package states that it will operate fluorescent bulbs min 30 W - Max 400 W. I figure that my fixtures total about 70 W , well with in the working parameters . So I went to my local Hardware store and found another brand , Cooper I believe . The unit itself appeared be identical to these GE switches . And the package stated similar min and max Watts for various devices -LRB- Incandescent , Fluorescent , ect -RRB- . But with one additional warning . The cooper package also stated that it did not work with Electronic ballasts , only magnetic.I do n't know if you can even buy magnetic ballasts anymore !!! Point is , I suspect that these GE switches also will only work on magnetic ballasts as I KNOW my fixtures are electronic . But I could be wrong . They might not work on ANY fluorescent fixtures.So if you want to use this for fluorescent fixtures ... DO N'T BOTHER WITH THESE .
 Purchased mine at Costco , and my Flourescent lights ups , but very dim . It says it good for 500 watts , my two Flo lights are 30 watts max . Wasted an hour of my time installing and now they have to go back to Costco . Does not operate as stated on the package .
 It maybe just me , but when I saw the title of the product saying `` 3 Piece Shelf Rack '' , I thought I would get 3 of these things in mail , I was shocked to just get only one . The shock comes form the fact that at the price at which this thing is selling , you can get both the receiver and remote!I bought it at this high price only because I thought it was a 3 pack . If you want just one , the Receiver + Remote package deal comes cheaper . Just go for that.The unit by itself works very well though .
 Mine will not turn off . Even in bright sunlight . From the moment I plugged it in , I only saw it in the `` off '' state one time . Then I left it in a dark room for hours , and when I came back it was just shining away . Looks like the circuit is fried . Obviously there are quality control issues with this product . From the reviews looks like about 10 % do n't work or fail within a few weeks . Wish I paid attention to that before I bought it . I really HATE returning stuff .
 I do not want `` made in China '' , i bought this GE.Light is very weak and the motion sensing ON all day and night -LRB- ??? -RRB- For my experience , do not buy it
 I bought this motion-activated night light to keep from triping over the cat in the middle of the night . I wish I could recommend it but the bulb does n't put out enough light to make it really useful . It puts out a small arc of diffused light about 15 inches . The motion activated feature is a little slow to activate , so I find myself half-way across the room when it comes on . Plus , the light stays on too long for me -LRB- 90 + seconds -RRB- . This light is better than nothing , but keep looking for the perfect night light .
 This just turns on at dusk and stays on until it 's light . The motion sensor feature , which is why I bought it , does n't work .
 GE 50723 LED Motion Sensing Night Light would be a better product in other LED colors Computer Blue , Christmas Angel Amber , Money Green , glow in the dark colors for low light living
 Bought three of these . Only one worked . Threw them away and bought some similar motion detectors at a local store . . Save your money .
 Once turn on , the light do n't turn off automatically after 60 seconds . So do n't expect the feature `` Light turns off 60 seconds after last detected motion '' . Waste of money !!
 They work BUT you need to unplug them every morning - no off or on switchThey will stay on even when its light ... '' `` Most '' '' of the TimeIf they did n't stay on during light hours . . the off and on button would n't be needed
 I ordered 10 the first time and 3 were broken . Then I asked for 3 replacements and 1 came broken . But for some reason I am still keeping them because I dont think anything else on the market is better . These are fairly bright but they seem to shoot the light right into your eye . Would be nice if somehow they could be pointed in certain directions . Also , the photosensor is too sensitive . Even during the day , the night light will still trigger . I want it to come on only when its pitch black . The only time it doesnt come on is when it is super bright in a room . This is a sign of poor product development . If the room is already half illuminated why should the night light turn on if it doesnt contribute to the brightness of the room ?
 I received the older style larger cool white light , I was hoping to receive the newer style with warm light and a much better diffuser . The older style ribbed diffuser puts a ribbed pattern on the wall ... which on top of the cool white light and the larger form factor will portend a return .
 I ordered two ... one worked the other did not . Not a great value when that happens . I certainly would not recommend this product to anyone . The one that works performs nicely ... but , its a bit of a dice toss .
 1 . Comes on by itself without any motion .2 . If the room has lights on in it , night light will still come on any way .3 . The light once came on with motion , then stayed on for 5 seconds instead of claimed time on .
 This is the absolute worse product ! It works when you plug it in , but then never afterwards . I purchased 2 -LRB- GE 50723 LED Motion Sensing Auto-ON/OFF Plug in Nightlight -RRB- in September , and both do not work unless I unplug or tap it ... not how it is suppose to work ! I am not returning because it costs more to return than toss in the garbage . Do n't make the mistake I made thinking it is a `` GE '' product .
 The concept and design is great but , every time my HVAC comes on the night light comes on as well . Very annoying .
 I got this for my garage . It worked great for a few weeks , but it got cold out and the temp in the garage was 45ish . The light stayed on all the time . I tried a few things thinking it was picking up interference somehow , but then put it in the house to test , and it again worked great , so put back in garage and it stayed on all the time again . They should tell you it has a temp limit . If you want to use it in cold places do n't get it . For me I wasted money .
 This light does not go off during the daytime in room with open windows . Also comes on for no reason at random times .
 The light turns on when it is first plugged in , sometimes , but even in low or no light the sensor does not work . It never turns on , totally garbage .
 Are there any cheap electronics made in China that work anymore ? It seems like 75 % of the stuff I buy either is defective right out of the box or fails in less than a year . The night light turns off and on , over and over when there is no movement . It is also supposed to stay off in a `` bright room '' and that did n't work either !
 Bought 4 of these . One did not work . I was sent a replacement , but it did n't work . So out of the 5 that were delivered , only 3 worked . Not sure why they were broken , I would like to have more , but afraid to order anymore .
 I bought 3 of these lights . The firsts motion sensor did n't work and light just stayed on . The other two over time the motion sensor stopped working .
 This gives off very little light and so is not very effective . I would not purchase this light again if I had a choice .
 I am very disappointed . This is a malfunctioning item . When I plug it in , it comes on for about 60 second then it becomes dead . No motion or touching it will make it come on . I unplugged it and plugged again , same story it come on for 60 second then goes dark and dead ! I tried in pitch darkness and tried different electric outlet which are all hot and working but same story . Please note that this light is pretty bright and if this worked I would have been very happy . This must be a malfunctioning defective item.Thanks for Amazon 's return policy . I am returning in tomorrow . Please note that this is my first Amazon purchase item that I am returning . -LSB- ASIN : B00032ATWO GE 50723 LED Motion Sensing Night Light -RSB-
 Fast shipping but when received did not work . Returned it and received a replacement . It did n't work either . Called GE and theysent me another !! . That one did work , finally . Would not recommend even though service was good .
 These are total Garbage . We bought 2 , 1 of them wouldnt light up at all , and the other would never turn off , you could have the lights on full blast , with no motion in the area for minutes and they would just stay on . Thought GE would be a better product .
 It worked great when it was working . But after 11 months , it stopped working . No light . What a piece of junk considering the price paid . Do not buy .
 Mine worked for a week . Then it stopped . I unplugged it and plugged it back in and it worked again for a week . Then it stuck `` on '' . I left it that way because it was better than intermittent motion sensing . It would be a great product if it just worked consistently .
 First item came in a non working condition . Be aware purchase from a vendor with a good return policy . The return process to Amazon.com was excellent .
 Bought it from Amazon , Plugged it in for the first time , and it never turned off . When I tried to unplug it to see if there was switch to enable the timer feature , the whole thing ripped apart leaving the back part with the prongs in the outlet . Will have to return it , and will look for a different light
 We absolutely loved this nightlight . We used it in the bathroom for the nighttime trips as well as in the morning , while you are still adjusting to being awake . The motion sensor worked perfectly and the light was just right . And it looks very attractive . However , in the 5th week of using it , it burned out ! Amazon 's returns policy only accepts electronic returns within 30 days . I emailed Amazon but did not receive a response . So , buyer be warned - it 's the luck of the draw . -LRB- I am , however , ordering another . Let 's see what happens . -RRB- ** Update
 When this night light works ... it works great . It will only turn on in the dark when it is triggered by motion . The problem is that it does n't work this well all the time . Every so often the light will stay on all the time no matter what . . even in the light .
 Dealing with Amazon was fine . Unfortunately the lights I ordered did not work as promised . I ordered two , one did not work right out of the box . It was not motion or light sensitive , it just stayed on all the time . I returned it and got another replacement . Both lights worked for about two days then refused to work in the dark or when motion sensitve . They would also come on randomly in the daytime . Do n't waste your time or money .
 First one I got did n't work and return it and then the second one did n't work either so returned it for a refund . Bought one at Lowe 's just like it that works great so do n't know what the problem was . The return process was very easy and quick which kept this from being a nightmare .
 The unit worked fine for the first few weeks . Then it just stopped working . It will not turn on . Do n't waste your money .
 The light comes on when no one is in the room.The motion detector function is defective ...
 I bought 2 GE Motion Sensing Lights . Both worked at first and then one failed completely . I 'm hoping the seller will do what is right and send me another one , once they read this .
 I actually have 2 of these . The motion sensing is good . The timing of the light is OK too . However , I paid a premium for a light that would not waste energy during the day . This nightlight is also a daylight -- it will light up when sensing motion even when the sun is actually shining on it .
 It ceased to work after about a month . Unplugged , plugged it back again a day later and started working again.We repeated this process every few days for another month , but it died altogether after another month . NOT recommended .
 bought one but motion sensor did n't work at all out of the box . just refunded it . Will try another brand instead .
 We purchased this for our son 's room . It worked great at first -LRB- maybe a month tops -RRB- . Then half the time it stayed on constantly and the other half the time it did n't come on at all . When it worked it was the perfect solution to late night feedings but my son is two months old and this only worked properly for maybe a month maybe 3 weeks .
 It worked great for 1 month . And then it just died . A little expensive for a night light that only lasts a month . And this is n't the first time I 've purchased crappy merchandise from GE -LRB- made in China -RRB- . GE just made my DO NOT BUY list !
 Disappointed as I bought one of these and also one of another brand . Liked the lighting on this one better as it was n't so bright for sleepy eyes , but it stopped working after only two months , so would not recommend to anyone . Am looking into buying a motion sensor plug to use with a small lamp instead as there are some that you can set for nighttime only . This nightlight would come on all the time , even during brighter days unless the sun was shining really close to it .
 I ordered three of these nightlights . Of the three , one did not work at all . The other two do light up . They sense movement and light right up but do so in bright daylight and in total darkness . They should n't light up during the day time.I ordered the G.E. brand nightlights in the hope that they would not be cheap `` Made in China '' garbage . They are cheap `` Made in China '' garbage . I 'd hoped that , if they only lit up at night , and if they only lit up when someone was close by , `` the fading over time '' brightness problem that seems to be inherent to all LED lighting items would be at least be reduced.I do n't know what type of nightlight you should choose , but this is n't it . Returning them is more trouble than it 's worth.R
 I bought this after reading many reviews and got it from one of the vendor in NYC from Amazon . The first one was totally not working and I contacted the seller for an exchange . Of course , I paid extra shipment for the return . After more than a week -LRB- I live in NYC and the first one only took 3 days -RRB- . It lasted for only two days and went dead . I did not want to bother myself and just threw it away . I order another product from internet ; Mr. Beams motion sendor light and this product is excellent and I would recommond it to my frieds .
 I loved that this was a Motion Operated LED light that was AC powered . And for the first three days it worked great . Then it stopped turning itself on.I took it out of the wall socket and pushed it back in , and when pressing on the sensor section , the LED turned back on and as it did , it started to make a sound that I can only describe as a ` crackle ' which makes me think of electricity arcing -LRB- ie shorting out -RRB- . This ` crackling ' went on for two or three attempts at pulling it out and re-seating it back in the wall plug and now completely dead.I would not recommend buying this night light .
 Bought 2 of these - and they were n't exactly cheap . One stopped working after a day . I pulled it apart and the board trace was lifted and the LED was cold soldered on both leads . I resoldered it as best I could , plugged it in and - still dead . On the other hand , the other one still works , so it 's a 50/50 chance yours will too.Note that these do not have light sensors , so they go on ALL the time when there is motion . Not terribly bright , but good enough for a night light . The diffuser on the bulb gives a harsh pattern on your floor/wall - they could have done a better job there . Also , you are going to end up plugging it in at the standard 12 '' off the floor - so pets walking by will constantly trigger this light . That could be a real annoyance depending on where you use it .
 They did not work so I cant even get to the point of saying they are tacky and cheap looking.Bought 3 of them . Two did not even switch on , the third stayed on the from second you plugged it in.This item is an absolute rip off .
 purchased 3 lights . .2 are non working . . worked only a couple of days . . light stays on all the time . . will not shut off . . would have sent them back . . however . . not cost effective . . shipping etc. . .
 While in the dark , unplugged the existing bulb night light , plugged this one in and instant ... dark . Pulled it out , it seemed to flash for moment and I got hopeful . Nope . The best it would do is a flash every now and then while wiggling or squeezing it ... dead on arrival and going back . GE made in China , figures .
 This thing was a peice of crap , at first it did not work as stated , as a motion sensing light then after being plugged in for about an hour it did not work at all . I guess I should not be suprised as although it has the GE name brand it was made in CHINA !!! I ca n't give it lower than one star or I would .
 It did n't work at all.Light came on only once , the first time I plugged it in . Then it timed out and it never came back again , regardless of how much movement I did in front of it . Unplugged and plugged it back a few times , nothing . I ended up trashing it the same day , did n't bother to return it . Avoid it .
 I was not pleased with the results of this night light , the light output did not meet my expectations especially for the higher price point than its competition
 I have owned this product for 3 months now . However after two months I noticed that it was not working as before . The light would not come on or if it did come on it would not turn off after the 90 seconds time frame . It is too late for me to return the product as it is past the two months . I will not purchase this over priced night light again .
 I ordered two . One died immediately . It seemed to be a problem with the plug/wiring connection . The prongs are loose and do n't seem to be making their connections internally . My gut feeling was that if I could get it to work it would probably pose a fire hazard due to the poor electrical connection . This one went into the trash . The other one at least worked when I plugged it in although it does come on by itself at night without any motion to trigger it . I bought these based on the good reviews and the fact it 's a GE product . I feel like I wasted my money.I ended up going to Home Depot and buying a motion sensing night light of a brand I did not recognize -LRB- nor can remember -RRB- and it 's working great .
 The first one of these I received simply did n't work . It would n't come on at all unless I smacked the sensor . I e-mailed Amazon and they sent out a replacement , free of charge . The replacement they sent out worked great . That is until about a week ago . It now just wo n't turn off . It will come on when I walk by it/into the room , but will just stay on until I unplug it for > 90 seconds . After that , rinse and repeat.I bought the item the first week of January . It stopped working last week so it only last a little over a month . I will say that it worked GREAT when it did work . It would come on at the slightest of movements and only when there was no light.A few logic problems I noticed were : - it would come on and stay on after the lights were on . It would keep detecting your movement so as long as you were in the room with the lights on , it would continually stay on . It should a -RRB- have turned off when the lights came on or b -RRB- stopped detecting movement with the lights on.Definitely would n't recommend this product to anyone as I 'm not the only person with a problem . There are severe quality control issues with this product as it was DOA at first and the second just stopped working .
 I bought one of these after reading all the great reviews . I was very disappointed after receiving the product . I found it did not come on consistently even if you were standing right in front of the light . Many times the only way I could get the light to come on was to touch the unit . Then at other times I would find it on when no one has been near it . Needless to say I returned it to Amazon . Thank goodness for their nice return policy .
 Could n't be worse , unless it did n't glow at all . I could have purchased a night light at the Dollar Tree store which would do the same thing . It constantly glows . It does not shut off . The motion detection feature lasts for one motion . Then the light stays on forever . I would not recommend this product , and I 'm surprised that others have said positive remarks about it .
 Bought 4 of these . I did not work at all when it arrived . It was replaced by amazon . Another one worked fine for 5 weeks and then just died . I would not recommend this product due to the production QA . The remaining lights that are working are pretty nice but not near worth $ 17 !
 I bought one of these lights and liked it so much I bought a second one within a couple of months . However , shortly thereafter one of the motion sensors stopped working and the light stayed on all night . About 6 weeks later the same thing happened to the other . So , until they can work out their quality control items on the sensors in these light I would not advise buying one . Other than the sensor , the light is great and when it worked I absolutely loved it .
 Given all of the glowing reviews I am certain that there are good ones out there , but the one I received never worked properly from day one . Day or night , motion or not , it was always on . Fortunately the return process was easy . I chose to return it for credit and purchased another similar model , which was cheaper and which also works as advertised .
 This is a complete waste of money . It is not even capable of illuminating half a page of a standard sized paper back let alone an entire page . It 's weak and literally , I had to just toss it in the garbage since I threw away all the packing materials for it before realizing what a piece of trash it was . I had to completely rail on a product , in fact I never have , but you should consider other book lights before this one .
 I purchased this light at a local bookstore because I thought the light was rather `` cool '' looking and that the description sounded good . Also thought that since I paid almost $ 20 it would be good quality . Not so . It casts a weird shadow on the page and just does n't have a good quality light at all . Took it back the next day . Do not recommend .
 I purchased this product from Books-a-Million for the reasonable price of $ 9.99 . Although this book light is quite stylish and petite , it does not do the job . After just a few days of use , I found that reading with it was difficult because it does n't light up the entire page , it has inconsistent light that flickers between good and poor and the batteries only lasted me a month of hour reading at nights . I was very disappointed and it 's certainly not worth the price .
 I purchased this product from Books-a-Million for the reasonable price of $ 9.99 . Although this book light is quite stylish and petite , it does not do the job . After just a few days of use , I found that reading with it was difficult because it does n't light up the entire page , it has inconsistent light that flickers between good and poor and the batteries only lasted me a month of hour reading at nights . I was very disappointed and it 's certainly not worth the price .
 This calculator was a very cheaply made . The top three lines of numbers did not work . Needless to say it was tossed . I am not sure whether or not my husband sent it back or just threw it away . He was not happy with it at all .
 Do not buy this from Polsteins Home & Beyond -LRB- They are the default -RRB- ! They do n't even carry them , but instead try and slip you the far inferior model 8510 Home Project Calc . They then promise to e-mail you a return label , and then do n't do anything at all . I have just reported this company to the FTC for fraud . If you have been scammed by Polsteins Home & Beyond , either by the old Bait and Switch , or another unethical and illegal business practice , report them to the FTC at
 I received it as a gift and it was great for laying out the footings for my house . A few months later when I went to use it again , there was a big black blotch on the display making it unusable . I emailed Calculated Industries and they told me the only way that could happen was if I abused it or it froze . Neither was the case . They did n't even offer the courtesy of letting me send it in so they could look at it . It still looks brand new except for the blotch on the display . By comparison I have an HP that has literally traveled around the world with me for 14 years and still works great . I wish HP made project calculators!I would not buy anything made by Calculated Industries . Their products do n't last and the warranty is absolutely worthless .
 SDS bits are for chiseling and masonry and require and SDS chuck -LRB- bit holder -RRB- . Regular wood or metal drilling bits use a standard chuck . The description says you can easily select between hammering , chiseling , or drill only mode but the standard drilling chuck is not included with this drill . I confirmed with Dewalt that this model only comes with the SDS chuck , so you will not be able to use wood or metal bits without a separate adapter .
 Poor torque and charging power ... returned the unit the first week . Bought the Sears Craftsmen Unit ... more money , but far superior .
 I 've always sworn by the Dewalt brand , until now . I needed to drill ten holes in my floor . Bought this hammer drill specifically for the job . I managed to get eight and a half holes drilled and then the drill died . The motor worked but chuck did n't turn . I had to drive twenty miles to the tool rental place to rent a hammer drill to finish the job . Oh ya , did I mention this happened on Friday at 4:30 PM ? Hopefully this is a fluke and the replacement Amazon is sending will be OK . If so , I 'll amend my review .
 so it is not the drill that i am unhappy with . it is the fact that here i was ordering a christmas present for my husband and while reveiwing the item there is a picture of the drill with a bag . so of course i super impressed with the fact that i was getting a great deal on a dewalt drill with case and when it gets to my house and i open it the is no case . that was very disappointing ! when i went to contact the seller which i am pretty sure is amazon itself there was no where to click like on other items i have bought . i would not recommend this product as a gift since it is to my standars an uncomplete gift with false advertisement !
 We are a low voltage company and we do a lot of installs where we need to drill through brick . We replaced a Makita hammer drill that we used for 5 years and worked great , but finally the motor burned out . I 've always been a fan of DeWalt 's drills , just not their prices . We decided on this drill and it seemed fine at first , but with the heat we 've been having , we had an install where we were drilling outside and for whatever reason , the drill started spraying grease all over the place . I would not recommend this drill .
 Drill burned up going through 4 '' garage slab . Grease blew out of bearings ... not up to the job . If your task involves heavy-duty concrete or masonry , look elsewhere .
 I bought this drill on friday and had to return it on saturday . After drilling holes for about one hour , grease oozed out both vent holes and the motor bearings got much louder and you can feel a slight vibration when it 's running , like worn gears or dry bearings . It does still work but for how long ? Dewalt makes a great miter/slide saw but my Ryobi drill out lasted both a Bosch and now a Dewalt , and it 's cheaper .
 The chuck is imprecise causing drill bits to wobble . With a 6 '' bit the wobble at the tip is approximately 1/4 '' . This is a common problem with cheap-o , knockoff drills but one does n't expect it from a Dewalt !
 The Dewalt hammer drill ; this drill has a keyed chuck , this chuck is very oor it will not hold a bit , believe me ! I got it really tite , but the drill will not hold , in fact , my old one was the same , when I tried to remove the old chuck and install a new chuck I purached for $ 40.00 dollars I and 3 other guys could not get the old chuck of the drill shaft , so I deceied to purchase a new drill , Dewalt must get a new type chuck for this drill , Iam shipping mine back .
 I bought the dewalt dw511 hammer drill.It worked well for about aweek and now the hammer wo n't stay engaged , now iam on my third drill , andjust using it today and guess what , same old problem.I would give the drill 1 star !!!! D. Berry , Thanks
 I have had two of these drills in two weeks . The first drilled six half-inch holes in a foundation , then began shooting bearing grease before the bearing failed . The motor worked , but it did n't engage the chuck . Given it was DW , I figured it was a fluke . I took it back to Home Depot and got an immediate replacement . The replacement did the same thing after 8 holes . Bearing grease all over my hand . I need to drill 4 more holes . I hope it makes it . It seems to be a design flaw . I 'm not thrilled with the chuck , either . I have to tighten the blazes out of it , or the hammer action loosens the chuck 's grip on the bit . Not impressed . It 's great when it works . I just need it to work for more than a day .
 Maybe I just expected too much from it , but mine burned out after mixing some mortar and cement with a double blade mixing paddle . I had it for a couple years and rarely used it . I thought it could handle doing small 25 pound batches of cement in a 5gal bucket , but it killed this drill . I 'll say it again , maybe I expected this drill to do to much and it was my own fault but do n't expect to mix much with this thing . It worked well for drilling through cement , and perhaps that is where I should have stopped as far as my use went . Had some chuck issues too , it came loose from time to time . The chuck was n't really a problem even though it did come loose here and there , I felt it was normal and not a problem . I have never had any luck with any dewalt tools ... Every time I get Dewalt , something goes wrong with it . Only dewalt tool I have left now is a variable speed random orbital sander that had the variable speed dial break off the first day but it still works fine in the high setting . I use my tools pretty heavily and dewalt does n't stand up to my use . Bosch or Makita takes anyting I can throw at them in my 15 years of using them . I need my tools to work so I can work , dewalt will not be wasting any more of my time and money . Maybe I over-use my tools , or maybe I just got another `` bad '' dewalt tool , but I felt this drill should have held up to some occasional cement mixing in small batches .
 This is the second DeWalt 1/2 &#34; drill I 've used . The first one , just like this one , was returned because the trigger would not turn off the drill when released . This one smokes a lot when under some strain . The ONLY thing I really like about this drill is the chuck holder it came with ... that 's pretty neat . In my opinion it should have a black and decker label on it or maybe sold at Harbor Freight . I 'm not buying DeWalt anymore .
 I have had mine less than two years . It worked okay but it just broke . It runs but the chuck does not engage . I opened it up and gears are stripped . No receipt , no warranty help from dewalt . I will not buy dewalt again .
 This machine has many good points . It is well constructed , it is sturdy and essentially unmovable . The tables are easy to align with the sanding surfaces . It has loads of power and can remove stock amazingly fast . However , to rate the dust collection system as poor gives it a compliment . It is abyssmal . You need to be outdoors or wear a dust mask when using the disc sander for any heavy sanding . The only place on the disc that collects any dust is when you sand on the outer 1 inch of the disc . Any further in than that and most of the dust come out the other side of the disc . A little detective work showed that there is only a small vacuum inlet -LRB- about 1 1/2 by 3 inches -RRB- . Any dust that escapes this vent is blown back into the shop . The belt sander is only marginally better .
 It 's still heavy duty and it works fine but everything seems a little cheaper than the real thing American Delta version . The motor kept tripping breakers when we first turned it on every day but after a few months somehow it settled down and does n't do that much anymore . Delta said they would replace the motor to fix this but have been out of stock for almost 9 months so I suspect they are not going to honor their warranty . The Chinese Delta service just is n't anything close to what American Delta was before they sold the company to its current ownership . It 's a pity .
 I bought this compressor for use in my home shop with the idea that it would also come in handy on some renovation projects that require portablity . When it arrived & I got it out of the box , I was very impressed with the solid construction & good design . Imagine my dismay when I cycled it to full pressure for the first time & heard a noticable hissing sound . I timed it , without any tools -LRB- or even a hose -RRB- attached & the compressor cycled after about 8 minutes . Examination of the area around the control panel revealed that the air was leaking from the regulator , exiting from a small hole in the regulator body . I contacted Amazon.com & they immediately offered to replace the compressor with another identical unit at no charge to me , including all shipping charges . The new compressor arrived at my front door before I could even get the old one shipped back -LRB- thank you Amazon.com for the outstanding customer service ! -RRB- . That same evening I got it unpacked , put in the oil & fired it up . The new unit had the exact same problem as the first one , only worse !!! It would only hold air for about 3-4 minutes before cycling . And again , I traced the problem back to a faulty regulator . Two in a row is enough for me -- for all I know , Amazon.com has a warehouse full of these defective units . On contacting them a second time , they agreed to take both units back & issue me a full refund.Throughout this bad experience , Amazon.com has done everything possible to make it right for me . I am very much less impressed with DeWalt/Emglow quality assurance . It 's pretty unbelievable that a problem this obvious would n't be caught at the factory . I wo n't have time to research & buy another compressor until after the Christmas holidays , but it 's a safe bet that DeWalt is now at the bottom of my list . I 'm very disappointed in a brand that I had come to associate with top quality & reliability .
 I just bought this compressor to use for nailing down hardwood floors . I quickly discovered why Dewalt does not specify the operating pressure for their compressors . -LRB- I at least ca n't find any specification -RRB- The Dewalt 55152 compressor shuts off at maximum 100 PSI , and then kicks back in when the pressure gets down to 80 PSI . So in reality this is just an 80 PSI compressor . Pathetic . Way to low to drive the nails/staples through the hardwood floor . How can Dewalt specify that this is a 3.8 CFM @ 100 PSI compressor when it ca n't even maintain 100 PSI . The tank is rated at maximum 130 PSI.From the Dewalt website . `` 4.0 CFM delivered at 90 PSI pump provides rapid recovery '' . How is that possible when the compressor does not even turn back on at let 's say 81 PSI ? The compressor ca n't even maintain 90 PSI.I was also disappointed in how much it vibrates . It dances all over the concrete floor.So stay away from this compressor if you need more than 80 PSI pressure . -LRB- I suspect all Dewalt electric hand carry compressors . -RRB-
 Was disappointed when I could n't get the compressor to start . However , Amazon quickly replaced even before I sent the defective compressor back !
 The only thing good about this compressor was the quick shipping , especailly when I shipped it back the next day . . This compressor looked like it fell off the UPS truck several times . . When I recieved it I did not really have to open the box because it was already open . . I filled it with oil , Turned it on and nothing happened . . On top of that the plastic case that goes around the moter was cracked in several places . . I would not recomend getting this kind of item through amazon.com . . Go to the store and spend the extra thirty bucks ... thanks for reading this , have a great day . .
 I originally owned the Stanley fat max version laser plumb , but i dropped it from 10 ' up onto cement . It worked for a while after that but ended up failing . So i looked on amazon and this one was on sale so i thought its a dewalt so it must be better.Well i was wrong , it works fine , and the case is a nice plus . But it takes probably 4 times longer to level out then the Stanley fat max . I need to use it in multiple locations , i place it down mark , move it mark again etc. . . I have to sit there what seems like forever waiting for it to level out so i can mark my location . So i waste tons of time , which equals money.The Stanly had some sort of a magnetic assist to make it quickly level out . In fact it was almost instant . Plus it is cheaper.needless to say i think i will be returning this for the cheaper stanley fat max laser plumbStanley 77-189 FatMax PB2 Self-Leveling Laser Plumb Bob
 this tool heats batteries up and wears them out and the wheels have to be replaced quite frequently . also sucks metal into the motor the renders it useless .
 I used this tool for about two weeks . Previous reviewer said you cant get metal cutting wheels for it he is wrong , they are readily available at every home center and hardware store - standard 4.5 inch metal cutting wheels.This tool totally sucks , battery life is horrible I cut 3 pieces of 1/2 rebar and the battery was spent . I cut thru 18gagesheet metal and the battery lasted less than 40 seconds.All the metal shavings you cut get magnetically attached to the tool body and get sucked into the motor , which will lead to disaster.Also for cutting applications the handle faces the wrong way and is not comforable to use.BADDDD tool !!!!!! 1
 This is my third set of clamps . The first two were a box of Columbias . These Besseys are great . The clamping power is great as well as the heavy duty design . HOWEVER , the shipping was absolutely and totally unprofessional . The box arrived with tears and partially open -LRB- due to the torn tape -RRB- . I am still looking for some of the replacable plastic wood protectors that come on each clamp . The paint has been rubbed off of the red wooden handles -LRB- this isnt a big deal to me , but if I am going to pay 300 bucks for something how about some thought into shipping -RRB- . This has been a complaint for OVER A YEAR . There appeared to be some thought into the inside packaging . There were about 5 crumpled up brown shipping paper between the clamps . The clamps are perfect , but the shipping is unsatisfactory . Therefore , 5 stars for the clamps ... 1 star for the shipping . FIX THIS BESSEY !!!!
 Packaging - Disgraceful still . Why did you even bother posting ? My clamps came today and while they are functionally ok , almost every one has handles that are chipped due to the pathetic packaging . I 'm giving these one star to offset Bob 's five stars .
 I give this 1 star as obviously no one at amazon or bessey seems to want to change the packaging the shipment came in two boxes both were ripped to pieces and after inspecting the contents I am 4 clamps short and 2 pads are missing from two of the ones I did get , they have been lost somewhere in the whole shipment process . I can not express how upset I am as these were purchased with a birthday gift card so I have contacted amazon and the only solution is to send a replacement set out to me again and obviously who knows what will happen to that one and then I have to go to the hassle of repacking the first shipment to send them back to amazon all I can say it this will be the last Time I purchase bessey clamps through amazon if you are thinking of ordering this set I strongly advise against it unless you do n't mind missing clamps or parts . I will update this review once I receive the replacement set and let you know how that one goes but put it this way I 'm not expecting muchas for the clamps themselves the are great I can not criticize them they are strong and well made and will work great and for the price a great value set to to add to any woodworkers collection , and this would not stop me purchasing bessey clamps again I will just have to purchase them offline from an actual shop if I did n't have missing clamps and parts I would rated this a 5 star product ... . sorry bessey : o -LRB-
 I am disappointed that the dust collection system that is a big deal according to Dewalt will not fit on the sander if it is on the frame . This was not disclosed by Dewalt in anything I reviewed before I purchased it . This is just bad engineering . The instructions with the frame acknowledge the fact and tell you to turn off the dust collection lever when it is on the frame . So they knew of the problem . Why did n't they just design the frame to work with the dust collection system ?
 I open the box and started putting it together . The yellow plastic cover fell off . It appears there was glue but it did ' t hold .
 This looks like a powerful little shop vac , and the looks and brand name fooled me into thinking it is , but in fact it literally has far less power than an off-brand hand-held dust buster vac . The only 2 advantages of this item are it 's a wet and dry vac , and it 's both battery and AC cord powered . You would think that would make it very convenient , but if you for example take it out to your car and try to vacuum the floor you will be very disappointed to find out it 's not powerful enough to completely suck up the small dirt and pebbles that accumulate in a typical car mat during the week without making 20 passes with the vac , and in no more than 5 minutes the battery will already have run out and you wo n't have had a chance to clean more than a third of the floor surface of your car thoroughly . The combination of lack of sucking power and extremely fast draining battery makes this thing barely useful and very frustrating . You will really get a better tool and save $ 50 to $ 70 by buying almost any hand-held mini vacuum . Only buy this if you need a weak-powered vac that can suck water when necessary and run both on a power cord and very briefly on a battery . Otherwise this thing is embarassingly useless and takes up a fair amount of space in a closet and is way overpriced for what it offers .
 I had occasion to use my DeWalt portable vacuum the other day to clean some concrete dust out of my car . It works , and is better than nothing , but I 'm thinking for $ 100.00 think of how many times I could go to the do-it-yourself carewash and use the powerful vacuums there that really work . I have had it for several years now , and I rarely use it because I know it simply will not do the job.What a real vacuum , or shop-vac would do in seconds , it took me many minutes to do with this vacuum . I have to say that I am not happy that I bought it . At the time I thought it was the perfect solution for my car and portable cleaning , but under battery power the device is even less powerful than when the cord is plugged in.It is handy , and it better than some of the cheap vaccums you can buy for your car , but the thing is , this appliance does not do the job . This is a product that really should not exist . It costs a lot of money and it does not work like a good expensive vacuum cleaner should , it just does n't . I 'm very disappointed and would not buy this or anything like it again .
 Do yourself a favor pass on this one . Drains a fully charged battery in about two minutes Suction is a joke.Hope to get $ 5.00 for it at my next garage sale . Bought a small ridged almost the same size 5 hp 25 ft cord for $ 50 at HD
 I own many DeWalt cordless tools and am very happy with all . BUT this vacuum could n't pick up anything but drywall dust , and very little of that . When I got it out of the box I was very pleased with the quality of the appearance and the accessories , but then I tried to use it . What a disappointment . The attachments wo n't stay on the hose , and the vacuum power is so low my 20 year old Black & Decker with a clogged filter has 5 times the sucking power . The DW execs should be embarrassed to offer this next to their other tools . My advice
 I bought this vacuum thinking it would be nice to have one that 's more portable than my upright . I already have a 12-gallon shop vac that 's too clumsy to drag around . What could be wrong with a Dewalt product ? Plenty.First off - it comes with a six-foot cord . That 's great if everything you want to vacuum up is less than six feet from an outlet , otherwise you 're constantly hunting for an extension cord . I ca n't comment on the battery performance since I returned it before even thinking of spending extra for a battery . If you already have Dewalt cordless products I can see where popping in a battery would be a nice feature though.The second disappointment was with the suction , it sucks , and not in a good way . As others have mentioned , a Dustbuster has better suction . When you turn on the Dewalt it sounds like it could suck up a decent sized piece of sheetrock but when you use it you 'll be lucky to get the dust . For the size , the weight , it really should be better . Trying to vacuum up gravel in the car was frustrating.I returned the Dewalt and bought a Rigid brand vac . It comes with a 5HP motor , better size and shape , 20-foot cord and all the tools AND extensions so you 're not constantly bending over to clean up a mess . All for the same price -LRB- or less -RRB- than the Dewalt.I have other Dewalt products and have always been a fan , but they really failed on this one . If you can , test the Dewalt in the store against the Rigid -LRB- or other brand portable vacs -RRB- before you purchase one . You 'll see for yourself .
 Just a short note I purchased one used for cleaning cars floormats for the family after the cars were washed . I have numerous Dewalt Products 18 volts over 20 different tools so I am very famaliar with correct use . Vac has average suction not real great . My only major complaint as I bought item NEW not a rebuild vac was that the vac lasted for a little over 18 months then quit functioning . Vac was never used for anything more than vaccumming small particles of dirt , lint and sand from vehicle floormats as I have two large shop vacs for other applications . The life of this tool is completely different and was extremely short compared to many other Dewalt tools I have . I replaced the first vac and purchased another New Dewalt vac and the same thing happened again only this vac lasted for a little less than one year . Took to Dewalt repair shop and the repair estimate was close to the cost of a replacement New vac .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas after searching for many vacs ... The suction is near useless unless youhave only hardwood floors , it will not work on any type of carpet ...
 We purchased this to vacuum ash from around our wood stove . We did not expect it to pick up much else because of its size . If any of the attachements are used , the suction is diffused to the point of non-existance . Even without any attachments , the suction leaves a lot to be desired . The DeWalt leaves what the Hoover picks up without effort . We have used this only when plugged in . We did not yet test with the battery even though we are a DeWalt house so have a lot of 18v charged and available.We are going to invoke the 30 day satisfaction guaranty and return the vacuum . Its dissapointing since we are so happy with our other DeWalt tools .
 I have had mine for about 4 years . I 'm only giving it 2 stars because it does not work like described . It is suppose to be a wet/dry vac . The problem is pretty simple . As soon as the filter gets wet , there is no more suction ! Most wet dry vacs tell you to remove the paper filter for wet usage . Dewalt stats in the instructions NOT to remove the filter . If you web search this problem , you will find many results .
 The suction is miserable on this vacuum . The build quality is typical DeWalt and the battery option is nice , but for $ 100 it should suck more . Really .
 The unit does not have much power and the cord is too short . Not worth the money ! Could have purchased a small unit with more power @ less cost . Would not buy again .
 I was needing a small vacuum to carry on my work truck . When I ran across this the name kept me interested and the added benefit of being able to use battery power for a quick job , I purchased . Used it today for the first time and it struggled with lint and would not pick up even a small amount of sand . Going to see if It can be returned .
 Just received . Have not used yet , so I ca n't comment on how well it runs . However , it does NOT use `` all '' Dewalt batteries . Specifically , it uses only the pod style batteries , not the Max series . So , if you have the Max series , like I have , you 're up the creek .
 Yes it sucks more air than other battery powered vacuums but
 It does not work like it should . It would not even suck up a leaf on my carpet my shot vac that I bought from Walmart for $ 19 dollars blows this one away . That 's using it as a battery and plugging it in .
 I assumed this Dewalt vacuum came with an 18V battery when I placed the order , but it does not . To operate it as a cordless vacuum you have to purchase a battery and charger at about $ 120 extra , which pushes the total price over $ 200 . This is utterly ridiculous . It does however , operate just as well as any other $ 29 portable vacuum on the market . The dumbest purchase I have ever made .
 No onboard charger really sucks - Good idea , poor attempt.I would not buy again due to the charger issue only .
 There are no batteries included and when you plug it in it does n't charge the a battery you need to buy to run it.If you do n't mind buying a charger and battery and removing the battery from the vacume to charge it every 10 min of use then its OK and you have alot of extra money and free time .
 I 'M DISAPPOINTED IN MY VAC , IT SAYS CORDLESS , BUT DID NOT COME WITH BATTERY BACK-UP , DID N'T KNOW YOU HAD TO ORDER THAT EXTRA.CORDLESS TOOLS SHOULD ALWAY COME WITH A BATTERY , THAT 'S WHY THEY CALL IT CORDLESS !
 If you need a cordless vacuum for light duty use , this is a good choice . Mine is exclusively used for cleaning up small piles of drywall dust from cutting in electrical boxes or access holes . For that , it is excellent , as the filter is very good -LRB- I put a Shop Vac filter bag over the pleated filter -RRB- and get no leakage . It runs about 15 minutes on an 18v battery , which is about 3 weeks for me . The battery door works well , as it allows you to use those crappy fitting , off brand batteries that are too hard to get on and off the drills and saws . The hose is good quality , and locks in place on the vacuum.Suction power is poor at best , especially on 110v . For my use it is fine , but wood chips or small leaves quickly clog the hose , and the vacuum is not powerful enough to clear the hose . The attachments do n't stay on the hose or the vacuum , and end up floating around my van . Probably my biggest pet peaves , however , are the slick , hard bottom , and top heavy construction of the vacuum . It has a real tendency to slide around , and rapidly falls off the tote or shelf you put it on , usually landing upside down , and occasionally popping the latches . I know this has happened when my rear view mirror shows nothing but a large drywall cloud following me . I put rubber feet on the bottom to stop the sliding , so now it rolls around when unsecured.As a portable vacuum , the Ridgid WD4050 is superior in every aspect , except the cordless part . I will keep my Dewalt , as it fits my use , but I eagerly anticipate a redesign , or competitor from Makita or Milwaukee .
 I bought this based on its claim that it worked on 12 to 18 volt batteries.I have a bunch of 14.4 tools that all work fine . When I inserted a fully charged 14.4 battery it ran so slow that I thought it was n't running at all!Tried another fully charged battery and the same thing . I did plug it in and it worked fine that way but that 's not what I wanted . We have several plug in vacs already . I returned it the next day for full refund , which is a big reason to use Amazon in the first place - no hassel returns ! *** 12/10/2010 This is not the vacuum I reviewed ! I reviewed the DC 500 ***
 The design makes it difficult to empty , odd shape and the lip on the inside of the tank catch dust and debri while you 're trying to empty . Suction is marginal .
 If you are used to a small , somewhat weak portable hand vacuum , then this product is in that same range . If if expect more , sorry . It has far less vacuum strength than even a small , cheap shop vac . When you factor in the price of the base unit , a battery , and a charger ... the price approaches $ 200 . Far too expensive for its performance . I had searched for a cordless shop-type vacuum , and bought this one . My mistake . Few other options are out there . My recommendation , if you are looking for strong vaccum , keep looking beyond this Dewalt . Finally , I did not like how easily the ball valve inside the unit shuts off the vacuum ... if you tilt the unit just a bit , the ball valve activates . Another reason to not buy it .
 This tool was refurbished , the hinge was broke and canister would n't seal , I ordered a new hinge from dewalt and tool is n't cracked up to my exceptions , would n't recomend this one , does n't suck well at all
 I needed a powerful cordless wet/dry vac so I did a lot of research , ended up trusting the Amazon reviews for this product , and finally bought it from Amazon . I was really disappointed when I unpacked it and tried it
 I purchased this vacuum on Jan 12 , 2007 . The next day I tried to use it around the garage , It was very hard to use since due to my aching back , it did not have an extension . I did not feel like cleaning with my back bent -LRB- not good -RRB- . Also , when I did plug the unit , the suction was the worst I 've seen , I thought because it was made by DeWalt , it would be very strong as the readers suggested . I returned the unit the next day for a full refund . Now , I will be buying a Shopvac -LRB- model 587-25-00 -RRB- from Amazon .
 This item looks good but not impressed at all with the suction it produces . Have used it twice and will be putting it in the auction and looking for a better one . Sold for $ 5.00 in auction .
 I purchased it to get rid of cobwebs and dust from high corners . The cleaning attachment arm is pretty short and the suction is comparable to regular house hold vacuum cleaner . Have not tried the wet feature . Overall very mediocre machine but when factor in the price , this is very sub standard product . NOT WORTH IT !!!
 We think very highly of the brand Dewalt but was very disappointed with this wet/dry vacuum . The suction was horrible and did not clean the dirt and debris off our stairs or floors . Certainly not worth the money in our opinion .
 I have owned this belt sander for a number of years , but I do n't use it much because I have a 6 '' DeWalt Random Orbit sander that I really like to use . Consequently I only use the belt sander for certain jobs . I had trouble with the tracking from the beginning . The sander ripped belts . I took it to a DeWalt Service Center soon after I bought it . When I used it a week ago . I got it tracked but when I started using it the tracking changed and I ruined two belts . Since then I am careful to continue adjusting the tracking while it is under load -LRB- while sanding with it -RRB- to reach a point where it tracks . The problem is that you are always watching the belt edge to make sure it 's OK . I am not satisfied with this situation and I do n't understand why tracking is such a problem with this sander . The one I owned before the DeWalt did n't give me a problem .
 I own several Dewalt power tools and have been happy will them -LRB- for the price point -RRB- . This sander is not fit to carry the Dewalt brand . The first time I used it , it kept heating up due to dust collection -LRB- i.e. , the dust collector does n't work well so dust builds up in the unit creating friction -RRB- . I had to continually stop and blow out the unit with my compressor . After going through about three belts , I began having problems with the tracking which created more on-the-job delays.The second time I broke it out , after about 30 minutes of use it stopped working altogether .
 I just got this saw and was surprised how downright heavy it is . I have not used it long enough to see any other problem but you do n't want to have to do vertical or over head job with this . + when I got it and plugged it in the switch was locked in the on setting It made me fell like Captain Ron as it shot across the table on to the floor will return it
 Let me start by saying I like & trust DeWalt products . That was until this beast . Same problems as everybody else.PROS
 I am a contractor who recently started my own business and have been buying a lot of tools . I used the Porter Cable belt sander before and loved it but figured DeWalt was great brand so I bought this sander . In as few words as possible ; I hate it ! I mean I really do not like using it and here 's why : Cons-Belt tracking does n't work and I am constantly watching it instead of my work to make sure the belt does n't work its way to one side and shred itself . I have had many belts get shredded and as a result damaged the wood I was sanding.-Dust collector is poorly attached ; bag falls off too easily causing dust to blow everywhere in a matter of seconds.-Dust collection system gets clogged and I find I have to constantly blow it clean with a compressor.-Comes in a ridiculously HUGE case . It 's great if you bought the stand with it -LRB- unlike me -RRB- since there 's room for it . It 's so big I also keep a palm sander , 2 8 '' quick clamps and a lot of extra belts -LRB- you 'll need them -RRB- . Pros-The only pro I can think of is that it looks cool.Ben
 After using DeWalt tools for years it was natural to prefer that brand when looking for a belt sander , but that was a mistake . While the look and features of this unit make it seem like a great choice , the build quality lacks and will disappoint any serious user . I purchased one and took it home , but the belt tracking adjustment was not assembled properly at the factory , so I took it back . The salesman and I checked 4 others before we found one that worked correctly . But the story did n't end there . I 've only put about 3 hours on this tool and it has now melted a motor . Any more than about 15 minutes of use within an hour period , and it will overheat , loose RPM then fry . I tried letting it cool when I noticed it was getting warm -LRB- all you 'll feel from the outside -RRB- , but it still seized up and the story ended . I want my money back . This is a terrible tool for anyone needing more than an occassional use . A shame since it 's as expensive as all the competition & DeWalt is supposed to have top notch products .
 I bought this model about two years ago . I should have sent it back . The dust collector does n't work well and falls off . The most annoying thing is the belt tracking . It simply does n't work . The belt keeps working off the sander , no matter which brand of belt I use . I just want to take it to a Dewalt store and throw it through the window . The reason I 'm on today is that I 'm throwing the Dewalt away and buying a Bosch or Porter Cable . I 've been a DeWalt fan over 20 years and I 'm not buying anything else with the Dewalt label . Do n't waste your money
 Had 3 of these ... they where all problems . The first one lasted 2 weeks when the maib drive wheel broke . the next two broke to many belts ... I used 3m belts and it didnt matter after 5 min the belt would break . I could n't afford to keep replacing belts so after the 3rd unit I bought the portercable 352vs . I still have the same belt on it . The Dewalt feels solid and weighs a ton but is the worst tool I have ever owned.DW
 I purchased this sander afer reading several reviews , mostly negative reviews at that but had hoped they had made some changes , this is of course a Dewalt product.This sander was intended to sand all of the decking and framework of a 2,000 foot outside deck , this is a big job!Much to my dismay , I experienced the same as others , after 3-4 hors of work , I too experienced tracking problems , overheating and a couple of times I relly did think it was burnt up and had concerns of it catching fire . Too , the belt would get eaten up and removing traces of the belt was difficult at best to remove from within the body of the sander due to tight clearances . This ate belts so fast , it was unbelievable.I purchased this at lowes , the next best was a porter cable 3 x 21 at 250.00 , so I went to home depot to see what they had , not much there either . I decided to stop at a local used tool store before returning this to Lowes for the PC , fortunatly , this used tool store had a PC 362 4 x 21 with a price tag of 129.00 . I bartered the guy down to 100.00 and walked out with this monstrosity that was built like a tank that I did n't know that much about and returned the 200.00 Dewalt sander.I got to the project and put on some 40 grit paper and darn if I thought this was going to take me for a ride , it removed stock so faast and so smooth . Sometimes you do n't know what you have until you have something else , this is no different . The difference between the two is like night and day and ca n't believe that Dewalt makes such a junk tool.The PC is built like a tank and highly recommend this . This is not a tool that I will use everyday , but this tool is so well built you can buy used and save yourself alot of money and know it will last you a lifetime even if you do use it everyday.Dewalt needs to take this sander out of their product line , as a Dewalt man , I am very , very dissapointed in this product of theirs and it gives a negative light on a rather good product line .
 I am a woodworker and took a chance on DeWalt instead of Porter Cable . Not again . I have used this for only a few times , mainly because it sat unused for two months waiting for internal plastic replacement parts which broke . Yesterday , after only 15 minutes of medium use , it literally caught on fire and the motor burnt up . I am off to purchase a PC .
 I agree with the negative reviews
 I bought this sander about five years ago and right out of the box the tracking was terrible . I sent the sander in for repair and the repair note said that I had dropped it . Not even true . Even after it was fixed the tracking never worked . I have a $ 40 Black & Decker that works much better . Go with Porter Cable , Bosch , Harbor Freight - anybody but this Dewalt junk . Too many people have this same problem .
 These are great concrete hangars - they install with virtually zero effort - but I received 3 of them , not 12 .
 The wall hangers work great . But the description says 12 . You only get three . I ordered 8 packages thinking I was getting 96 wall hangers . I got 24 . Not the deal I thought it would be . Very disappointed . Need to change the description to set of three instead of misleading people like that .
 Dewalt made a mistake in the design of this adapter in that the port has a diameter of 1 1/2 inches and therefore can not be attached to a standard 1 1/4 inch vacuum hose . The package clearly states that this adapter does connect to a 1 1/4 inch hose . I contacted Dewalt but they have not responded . I contacted Amazon and they promptly sent me another one which is just as useless as the first . I tried using a ` universal adapter ' and that would not fit it either . If Dewalt ever corrects the design , I will attempt to post the news here . Until then , do n't buy this unless you can connect to a 1 1/2 inch -LRB- outside diameter -RRB- port .
 Why they made an adapter that uses half of the bag dust collector is beyond me . Why not just make an adapter that fits the sander . The adapter does not seal well . It is very close to the bottom of the sanding plane so it tend to snag the work at times . And worst of all it is too big to be used with the sanding frame . Just stupid design . DeWalt blew it . Nice sander and poor dust management .
 I bought this chime and installed it , It worked fine for a few months , then it became tempermental . If you pushed the doorbell sometimes it wuld work , and mostly it would not . Turns out if you pressed the doorbell on the bottom , and to the side at the same time , it would ring . If you simply pressed the bell as a normal visitor might , it would n't operate.I bought a seoond unit and it did not operate correctly either , same problem right out of the box . I took it back.This ranks right up there next to my GE air conditioner frm WalMart that cools but does not dehumidify.GE obviously does not care about its reputation to allow these defective products to be marketed under its once highly prized brand name , What ever happened to quallity control?My advice is to buy a different brand , and pass on anything made in China . The prices may be low , but what 's the point if it does not function correctly ? This product will only make a brief stop in your home on the way to the dump .
 I have had this belt sander for over a year and used it on 10-15 projects . It has a plenty of power and looks great however I have a lot of trouble with the tracking . I have tried different brands of belts and nothing solves the problem . If I watch the belt -LRB- not the project , which as lead to me over sanding and grooving the surface on occasion -RRB- and stop early I can prevent it from eating the belt . I have to stop every couple of minutes to readjust the belt . Some people do not have this problem ... so maybe it is either user or specific machine issues . This is of great frustration to me . I am now looking for another model/brand .
 Bought one on Sunday . Within 15 minutes of use it had eaten 4 belts . One jammed , took 30 minutes to clear . I read and re-read the instructions on tracking adjustments . Pretty simple it seemed , but it did n't work . No matter what , the belts migrated into the housing and were damaged in short order . Took it back the next day .
 I have a bear of a job I 'm working on -- stripping a deck . I thought the DeWalt , being big and built like a tank would be more than up to the task.The tracking only works in one direction -- it pushes the belt out . . but over time -- waste that collects on the drum pushes the belt out -- and there 's no way to correct . I always wind up shuffling the belt back on the drum.Trying to clean it -- the drum lock bolt broke off on first twist with a screwdriver.The dust collector -- it worked great at first with a festool collector attached . Then -- it must have gotten plugged up inside and I ca n't clear the tube . The drum ca n't come off because the bolt broke.Another dust annoyance -- the housing that connects to the vacuum pops off at the slightest jolt . A big powerful tool like this needs better attachments.There 's a ton of power here - and with the right engineering -- this would be a winner . But I ca n't recommend with the flaws . Choose another .
 First off , I am not a professional woodworker ... one or two little projects a year . The sander has less than 1 hour of total run time in the several years of ownership . A year and a half ago it abruptly stopped and -LRB- out of warranty -RRB- I went ahead and paid the nearly $ 50 for repair of the module referred to in other reviews . Went to use it today and nothing ... sorry DeWalt , but I will move to a better-reviewed competitor for my next belt sander .
 I purchased this as a recond . tool trying to save some money . I was surprised at the weight of the sander but that was not a problem . The first problem I had was that the belt got stuck . Upon further investigation I found that the rear roller had melted and stuck to the belt which the stuck on the flat part of the sander . I cleaned this up and purchased a new belt . A couple days later I was using the sander again . The motor was slowing down so I emptied the dust collector and continued using the sander . Then it started smoking and it caught on fire . I quickly threw it on the floor and the fire went out . I took it to the service center and told him that it caught on fire . I was then asked where was the fire . How should I know when I saw fire I got rid of it as soon as possible . I then asked if it would be repaired or replaced and I was told repaired . Now come on it was on fire it should be replaced . My old Makita which was stolen would run and run and never caught on fire . Not sure if this will be my last dewalt product but I will look at other options next time .
 I give this sander a zero stars but the case 5 stars . The sanding belts do n't track , be prepared to buy lots of belts , it eats them . The dust collection doesnt work at all . I bought this at a home center and actually returned the first one and exchanged it for another Dewalt , giving them the benefit of the doubt . Same results `` JUNK '' . Save your money or buy a Porter Cable or Makita .
 this sander is the cloud on my sunny day . I 've owned Three I know . cool look . will not last for more than a week of heavy use . buy a porter cable . the first one died in an hour . the second finished the job . Three days and then sat for a few months . first week it came out . dead . replace it . still under warranty . next one dies 2 days later . do n't buy unless you will only sand with it maybe 30 hours of your life . or you like needless trips to the store .
 I bought this sander because Dewalt claims to make great tools that last . I believed this and bought this sander plus a 12.5 inch Dewalt planer.This was a mistake and a waste of my valuable time and money . I sold the 12.5 inch planer because it was extremely LOUD , sweekie , and a few screws came of during operation so OK fine . The belt sander smoked up and died while I was removing laminate from an old dresser . I was able to finish two drawer faces and half of the top and then it smoked and lost much of its power . I had it plugged directly in power outlet on 20 AMP breaker so using to thin of a power cord as the cause was out of the question . I will see what I can do about getting it fixed and then sell it as well . PLEASE take my adviceand avoid buying dewalt tools . Without anger in my opinion the dewalt line is very low quality and there is a good chance that you will be sorry if you choose dewalt .
 I have had the DeWalt DW433K for several years now in my woodshop . It gets moderate use - more than a hobbiest , less than a flooring contractor I guess . Its been returned once , and in the shop once , and is now kaput.First one was DOA , just locked up and would n't run . Second one worked for awhile , but ate belts . I took it to the local service center , and they fixed it . It 's worked fine for several years now . But recently it started eating belts again , and the belt adjustment knob did nothing.The tool works well when it works , but I wo n't get another one . I like the location of the handles , and it has adequate power . The belt tension lever would be better if it locked in the open position , and the dust collection bag attachment is just goofy . But the tool is nicely balanced and pretty tough.DeWalt sometimes like to pile on the features , making a basic tool more complex . Call it newfangled disease . I think this tool suffers from a mild case of it.I 'm back to the Porter Cable or the Bosch .
 Well what can I say ? I like most of the Dewalt line of tools , but if they made the rest of their tools like this one , they would go out of business quick ! The tracking was eratic , vacuum dust control does n't work at all - -LRB- unless you hook a shop vac -RRB- . And for the real clincher -- the back drive wheel shaft started wobbling and vibrating after about three hours of total run time.I checked for a loose bearing or bolt but the wheel would n't move by hand , no play at all , which shows that the run-out was caused by the axle shaft bending-most probably due to poor metal quality . Took it back and got a porter cable 352vs -- which so far has performed great after many hours of use .
 I bought one of these . What a piece of junk . But it 's the best looking piece of junk I 've ever purchased . And it comes with a real nice case . Regular belts did not last more than 60 seconds . The expensive ones lasted a bit longer . I 'm just a hobbyist , not using it for construction . I tried an expensive belt on a flat piece of plywood to see if it would tear those up too . It did . Adjusting the tracking knob just stretches the belt on one side . If you 're rich , buy this thing and throw the sander away and keep the cool case . I returned it .
 I would strongly recommend no one buy this tool ! The first one I got would n't track at all so back it went . The second one tracked much better , but the rear berings started sounding like a washing machine with rocks in it ... back it went . The third and final one tracked so so , but it ended up not spinning -LRB- belt would not move -RRB- when you pressed the trigger . Back it went and I will now try the Porter Cable 360 VS or 362 VS.After this experience I doubt I will try any of their other tools .
 I picked one up at the local home center . After using it for a half hour of sanding it died . When I pulled the trigger it would start then come to a halt in a few seconds . Checked the belt to make sure it had n't seized up . My only guess is that it was a switch problem.Back to the home center and exchanged it for a Porter-Cable .
 First off , I own a bunch of DeWalt tools.I bought this sander and used it for about 3 hours before returning it . This is a heavy sander and requires a bit of work to use -LRB- seems like I 'm fighting with it -RRB- . The top front wheel sets up frequent vibrations which cause the sander to do tiny hops which leaves marks in the work . The dust collection seems to work , but the cooling vents seem to blow dust all over the place -LRB- not good for working in the house -RRB- . This sander seems to go through sanding belts with little to show for it -LRB- do n't know why -RRB- . I switched to a Bosch 3x21 inline sander and it is a world of difference . No great effort to use -LRB- less fatigue -RRB- no cooling ports to blow the dust around , seems is use less belts for the same job , a whole lot lighter and does a better sanding job .
 I got this sander for my birthday and about 5 days later I used it for the first time.The project was removing some paint from a potato bin and smooth the surface.But when I put the sander on the bin the belt stopped moving . I did n't even apply pressure yet.The nut that holds the rear spindle on sheared off.Now I am a Makita guy and I was trying another brand for once.But I can not only blame DeWalt , I am partially to blame too , I should have done more research on this sander.Back it goes and I will never buy any DeWalt tools again . I 'll stick to Makita .
 I read reviews before purchasing and thought that the problems would be fixed by now . I used the sander to sand a medium-sized deck . Like previous reviewers said , it eats belts and blows dust everywhere . To empty the dust bag you need to unhook it from the sander , then pry open the dust bag clip . I accepted this process , but just could not deal with the dust blowing everywhere and the number of belts it eats . I heard that the belt problem was due to the newer roller design , which does not work . I returned the unit after about 3 hours of use and purchased a Makita .
 I just returned my second of these belt sanders.The first of the two I had for just one evening and it was having problems keeping the paper aligned . It `` ate '' the paper and as I was cleaning the unit out , the rear roller broke . I took the unit back still trusting the DeWalt name . Every manufacturer botches a tool occasionally and I have used plenty of DeWalt tools that met and exceeded expectations.I brought the second sander home and began using it that very evening . It took a very short amount of time -LRB- perhaps 10 to 15 minutes -RRB- to get hot enough to burn myself on the metal of the housing which is all to conveniently near where the thumb rests during use . The paper had to be constantly monitored as it would creep along the path unless the adjustment knob was twiddled to its satisfaction often . Even keeping those in mind , the collection bag clogged up very easily and I eventually gave up on the collection bag and just had someone sweep up after me.This sander was a disappointment given both the brand name and hefty price tag that came along with it . This review would have been a one-star except that throughout the entire proceeding , it kept the sandpaper moving at a nice consistent speed and with plenty of power which is , after all , why I bought a sander .
 I recieved one of these for Fathers Day two years ago . I did n't have a project to use it on until after the warranty expired , but being new I had n't even thought about it not working . For some reason it would run great , then for no reason , quit . It did n't seem hot , but I tried it again a while later and it ran for a few minutes then quit again and never did work after that . Belts seemed to be a problem to , but never had a chance to really adjust them much before it quit . It sounds like other people have had the same problem with them quiting . If anybody knows what the cause is , please email me at crowpeak@hotmail to tell me what to try and fix . In the directions it shows how to change brushes , so I might try that and see if there are any loose wires or something . This sander never did get much of a workout . Worked great till it died ! I will never buy another Dewalt tool .
 I bought this sander based on a Fine Woodworking review . Ususally they get it right , but not this time . I bought the sanding frame kit . The frame itself works well , but the stand can not be used with the dust collector and the frame does n't fit in the stand well . The case that comes with the kit holds all of the pieces and is enormous and of little use to me because of its size.The sander is good ergonomically , I used it comfortably for about 6 hours straight while sanding a hardwood floor . However , the dust collection was poor to begin with and stopped working entirely after less than an hour . Apparently the plastic dust impeller broke , based on my visual inspection . I also knocked the dust bag off several times , as described by others . The design is just not up to snuff in my opinion.The other positive is that DeWalt will take it back for the first 90 days , so I 'm sending mine back .
 I was so excited about this sander . Unfortunately after using it for less than one day it was eating belts , the tracking adjustment did not work . It spewed dust despite frequently emptying the bag and was a huge disappointment . When I called Dewalt they had me take it to the local Dewalt store for return and said a new sander would be shipped to me . The service person said they would only repair it , not return it . I called Dewalt customer service then the store manager who finally agreed to replace it with a new sander . It arrived and the preliminary test seems hopeful .
 Well , seeing all the reviews here says it all . I 've had one of these for a few years and only needed it once in awhile . Seemed fine until now . I was just out in the yard cleaning up some 2X6s for decking and it started smoking and now it 's dead .
 I 've done woodworking for 30 years as a hobby , used a lot of power tools over the years . This is one of my worst purchases ever . I ca n't make belts last more than a minute or two . Given what belts cost , this has become an expensive mistake . It 's a rare mis-step for Dewalt , but one I had to pay for .
 Far too expensive to be disposable . Bought the first DeWalt sander to do some rough sanding but with less than 20 hours it failed . Broke it down found the part and ordered this rather spendy piece . Got it all back together and got another hour before it died a terminal death . Had not experienced this with other DeWalt tools so bought another DeWalt sander on sale for $ 140 . I may have got 20 hours out of the new sander over the next several months before it also died . Picked up a cheap Black & Decker sander for $ 59 at least when this one dies I wo n't feel too bad about tossing it .
 I needed a belt sander , Dewalt has a good name right ? Go with Dewalt I said . Sure it had a nice feel and worked nice in the beginning but then I started getting the same problems like belt tracking and eating belts , then it started to arc and spark out the left side!Don ' t lose your receipt ! I got my 433 thru Probuild and they are finally able to get me a copy of the receipt , whew ! The machine is at the local dewalt service center 1.5 hours away , They say it needs a part , i call over a week later and they say it 's back ordered and there 's no shipping date . Terrific , now what?Too bad this was n't in the 90 day bring it back with no questions asked , I wish I had done some research , that will teach me ! So now I sit waiting on a part , oh joy , and for how long ? btw , this model has been discontinued ! So they ca n't even replace it with a new model , wonderful.I do n't know what I 'll do with the 433 when ever I get it back and I need to get another unit so I can get back to work with those jobs . 200 bucks down the drain ? I should n't be the one that eats this , Dewalt should ! They colored this unit the right color , yellow , like a lemon .
 When DeWalt were U.S.made they were quality tools . Tough , durable and you only had to buy them once . Now they are made in Mexico . Cheap , unreliable and you will only buy them once cause that is enough .
 I have always been satisfied with my dewalt products . I purchased this belt sander to replace a cheap 20 year old black and decker . I received the sander in April and used it to sand about 15 deck boards . The shaft for he rear roller snapped before I cnagged by first roll of sandpaper . Now I have to take time off work to drop it off at a service center 20 miles away that is only opened M-f , 7:30 am to 5 pm . I will drop this off but in the meantime I just ordered a Makita 9903 . I should have read the reviews here before I ordered this dewalt sander . Spend a few extra buck and buy something better . Do n't purchase anything from Nationwide tools - their return policy sucks .
 the shaft for the belt drive sheared . I used this sander 3 times in three months . I wish I had read all the negative reviews before I bought this
 The sander works great ! However , the dust collection system has failed to work at all after the first emptying . I called Tech Support for DeWalt and failed to receive any satisfaction other than for me to take the sander to a Service Center -LRB- approximately 170 miles away -RRB- for a determination from them . This is my first DeWalt tool and will probably be the last DeWalt tool I will ever buy !
 I know you 're actually supposed to use a product before you review it , but in this case , that is impossible.Sure , I plugged it in and pulled the trigger a few times to make sure it worked and was impressed by the the sheer amount of power in my heavy hands -LRB- heavy because this thing weighs a ton ! -RRB- . That 's about where my amazement ends.Where to start ? I put a belt on and go to sand the edges of some P-Lam , and end up ruining the door when the tracking knob FALLS OFF and sends the belt shooting off the rollers and actually bends the platen ! That 's right , a 3x21 , 150g sanding belt BENT the platen on this behemoth ! I finally got the belt to stay on the machine , albeit an inch of the belt was hanging outside of the edge of the machine , thus making it a 2x21 belt sander , and the adjustment knob was on the verge of rattling out , yet again.Always sand towards the right with this one , as moving to the left will cause the rollers to lose traction on the belt , causing the grit of the belt to have a better grip on what ever you 're sanding , and you 'll end up pulling the machine off of the belt.To compound all of this , 2 weeks after I bought this I was deployed to Iraq , and was n't able to return it to the factory for repair/refund . It does fulfill a key role on my job sites though . Since I bought this , none of my drawings have ever been blown away by the wind . Most expensive paperweight ever.Buy a Porter-Cable .
 I think I am on the third repair of this sander . Seems the switch has gone bad . The cord was caught in the rear of the sander between the housing and the drum and caused the shaft to strip . I ca n't remember the third problem.These are not all that good , that is why you can get a re-built one for $ 99 .
 I purchased this sander last fall at a woodworking show . Everytime I use it I end up finishing the job with my old beat-up Porter Cable . It 's heavy and clumsy , has no belt speed , hard to use with a winter glove on , and the dust collection is non-existant . I have a woodworking business and ca n't afford wasting money on tools . Should 've bought another Porter Cable .
 Before buying this DeWalt sander , I failed to read the reviews . Now that it is on its return trip , I read them and concur with most . That I bought the DeWalt sander because I have other DeWalt tools that are great . Not my experience with this sander.My problem was it plugging up with sanding dust and required the careful extraction of sand dust to get the collector to work . I did n't have a problem with over-heating , but felt the tracking device did n't function -LRB- however did not have a problem keeping the belt tracking from a visual check -RRB- . When the air blower passages were clean , the sander functioned well . But after a few minutes of sanding , I 'd have to take it apart enough to remove the blockage ahead of the blower fan -LRB- good to have a high powered vacuum -RRB- . Not a good design , IMO . I was disappointed .
 I did not get five minutes of run time from mine . The belt tracking adjustment fell off and would not allow for the belt adjustment of running 1/4 '' from the edge of the platten . Very un-impressed with this product !
 The Dust collector keeps falling of . It seems to be placed in the wrong position . The locking attempt is inadequate .
 I 'm a contractor/carpenter in Athens , GA and a complete tool snob . I pride myself on having the best tools on the market , and I thought that this belt sander would be no exeption . Boy was I wrong . What a waste of time . I bought this to use sanding heart pine at a cabin in the mountains . Imagine my frustration at having to take this thing totally apart and not being able to get it to track properly after using for only a couple hours , not to mention that after changing the belt twice , the belt tension knob stopped working . If you buy this sander , be prepared for all the fun you 'll have changing belts while the engine is hot.And that was DeWalt sander # 1 . Now I 'm on # 3 . -LRB- Fortunately I know the guys in Tool World at my local Lowe 's . -RRB- Yesterday the tracking device fouled up so bad that it ate the belt and shredded the rubber on the rear wheel , making the tool completely unusable . So hey , take it from me , if you wan na buy this sander because it looks pretty , or because it has more bells and whistles than the Porter Cable and others , be my guest , but you 'd be wise to buy two at once so when your first one screws up , you wo n't waste an entire workday hunting up a receipt , driving to the store , and exchanging it , which , given the chances , is exactly what you 'll do .
 I use belt sanders on a daily basis , almost exclusively indoors . The dust collection on this unit was pathetic . I returned this unit for a refund because of it . If dust is a concern for you , go with a Makita , they 're like little vacuums , I 've owned three and they 've all been great .
 I bought this belt sander kit at Woodworker 's Depot in Green Bay , WI . I used it for less than 20 minutes and it literally burned up . I was sanding hemlock beams , and yes , I was running it continuously for the 20 min , but I thought DeWalt products were meant for heavy duty work . I was very disappointed in this sander ; especially when trying to return it to where I purchased it , because they tried to tell me that DeWalt had only a 30 money back guarntee , when it is actually 90 days -LRB- what a poor retailer since they 're the largest power tool retailer in northeast Wisconsin -RRB- . I bought the Milwaukee belt sander -LRB- 4X24 -RRB- from Grainger . Let me tell you , you 'll pay the price for Milwaukee , but this new belt sander burns me out !!!!! My advice , if Milwaukee makes it , buy Milwaukee , then Porter Cable , then -LRB- maybe -RRB- DeWalt .
 DEWALT DW433 Heavy Duty 8 Amp 3-Inch by 21-Inch Variable Speed Belt Sander with Dust CanisterA heavy duty belt sander without a good dust collection setup is worthless and this sander has one of the worst I 've ever seen . In addition to poor design , DeWalt does n't include a hose adapter with the sander - you have to purchase that seperately . This is ridiculous considering the cost of this tool . Alienating customers over a piece of plastic , that probably costs DeWalt 20 cents to make , seems like a monumental marketing error . I have several Dewalt power tools but will most likely not be buying any more .
 WE BOUGHT THIS DEWALT BELT SANDER YESTERDAY TO STRIP OUR RED OAK FLOOR OF ITS STAIN , AFTER ABOUT 15 MINUTES OF USE IT STARTED SMOKING , WE LET IT COOL OFF , WENT BACK LATER AND USED IT ABOUT 45 MINS. , WENT BACK AGAIN AND WHEN I PULLED THE TRIGGER IT STARTED THEN STOPPED , IT NEVER CAME BACK ON !! RETURNED IT TO LOWES TODAY FOR A NEW ONE , GOT HOME STARTED USING IT AGAIN ON THE SAME PROJECT , 15 MINS . LATER IT STOPPED WORKING , NO SMOKE , NO NOISE , JUST STOPPED.IT 'S BEEN TWO HOURS AND STILL NOTHING -LRB- I CHECKED MY BREAKERS JUST TO BE SURE - IT 'S THE SANDER ! -RRB- MY HUSBAND IS A CONTRACTOR AND WE HAVE MANY DEWALT TOOLS , ALL OF THEM FANTASTIC !! BUT IN THIS CASE I WOULD JUST MOVE ON TO ANOTHER BRAND , I WILL TOMORROW WHEN I RETURN THE SANDER FOR THE SECOND TIME . $ 200.00 DOLLARS !!! - WHAT A JOKE
 I purchased DeWalt DW 433 in November 03 . After it took a month to recieve . It broke after 3 hrs . of use . I took it to DeWalt Factory Service center , but the Facrory Service Center did not carry the parts -LRB- 3 diffrent new parts are needed ! -RRB- . It has been a week since I droped my sander.I do not know what is wrong w / my sander but I can tell you a problem I see . If you put a corse grid belt sandpaper -LRB- 60,40,36 or reused belt sandpaper -RRB- it will rub against the body of DW 433 because it do not have a space between the front top roller and the sander body . I keep the most of belt papers for future use , But you can not do that with this DW 433 . Because a belt will expand and it will rub against the body . -LRB- the space between body and top roller is less than 1/8 '' and you can not adjust it -RRB- . It shoul be labeled B & D.
 I own in excess of 15 dewalt tools and this is the first one that I would not reccommend . Bought it at Lowe 's . First thirty minutes of use was edge sanding 1 1/2 '' walnut -- the back roller melted . Took it back got another . Next job , new sander -- cross sanding glue ups and went through 4 belts in 20 minutes due to bizarre front roller construction . Checked out demo at Lowe 's -- they are all like that . Took it back got a Porter-Cable ... Priceless .
 Used this sander one time for about half an eight foot board and after replacing the dust bag sixteen times in this short distance , I decided this machine was not for me . I ca n't believe Dewalt would make a belt sander where the dust bag is knocked/falls off the sander so easily . That little plastic slide to hold the dust bag and almost zero clearance between the dust bag and the surface is very poor engineering . I have no real clue how the rest of the machine operates as I have no use for a belt sander where the dust bag wo n't stay on . Well , I suppose I could duck tape it on ... yeah right !!!
 The second time I used the router -LRB- in 2 years , I 'm not much of a woodworker -RRB- the magnetic ring that controls the varispeed feature shattered into ~ 16 pieces that I fished out of the motor and it wo n't run anymore . Some pieces must still be in the motor since if I spin the tip after turning it on it will start spinning , but stutters never reaching full speed . This will be the last Dewalt product I purchase sadly since much of my tool collection is yellow .
 I almost soiled myself after doing some flush routing . 2 minutes into the project the router started rattling and spinning at dangerously high rpms . I had to fidget while holding the router with one hand since the on-off switch is out of thumbs reach when using the fixed base . How unfortunate since the set is fairly expensive compared to the craftsman I could have purchased . It appears I am not the only customer that has had this problem . Spare yourself the hassle and buy something else .
 The motor failed after less than an hours usage . Really light trim work . Some small magnets came adrift inside the motor , bounced around inside whilst it slowed down , sounded like the motor brushes had come adrift . Took the cover off and three semi-circular magnets fell out . One must have caught the rotor winding as I could see where it had cut one of the wires . I attempted to use the ` Returns ' process , as advised for defective products , but was told that it was ineligible for return , with no further explanation . I got this as a gift from my wife last christmas and had only recently purchase a bit set , so had only just started using it . Up to this point I was really happy with it . But what do I do now ? I will try contacting De-Walt directly , but I am really unhappy with Amazon . How do you return something that is obviously defective but exceeds their time limit ?
 I just wa n't to warn anyone who sees this tool in the `` Tool Crib '' catalog and comes here to buy it . Tool Crib -LRB- An Amazon company -RRB- will give you a free set of bits when you buy the kit , and the catalog says to go to `` amazon.com \ dewalt '' to order as well as by phone . Amazon even shows the same bit set in their picture , but does n't offer this deal . I 'm a new router owner and do n't own any of my own bits yet , so I figured this free bit set would be good to trash while I learn more about using a router . So off to the store to get bits for my new machine ...
 I ca n't provide a review because I have not received the product . I have been receiving notices of delays and that if I still want it to provide an approval or you will cancel my order . I am unhappy with your established procedure , mainly because you shipped the router edge guide kit to me and I am now in doubt whether I will ever receive the router kit . What use is the edge guide if I do n't receive the router ?? I am becoming a skeptic about your service . If I need to return the edge guide how do I do it without paying the shipment ?? I did not ask that the edge guide be sent separately in the first place , this was a decision of your company . I am patiently waiting for the router kit , could you somehow speed it up ?? thank you
 I had the same experience as Donna M. Freeth below . Something came loose inside the motor and the motor revolutions increased to frightening speed . I opened the yellow top and discovered 3 pieces of what used to be a black ring . I 'm pretty sure it 's the variable speed control for the motor because it sits right below the top bearing and in front of the speed control module . So much for buying quality for peace of mind !
 I bought it new from Amazon . In a 4-5 month it broke down . The rollers stopped to spin . I brought it to the DeWalt service station . They fixed it , it took 10 days . In a years and a half it broke again . Same problem . Rollers do n't spin . Now I do n't have warranty anymore and will have to pay God knows how much.Bottom line . The machine is full of you know what .
 I bought this planer about 6 months ago . First one broke within a week so I took it back and exchanged it . 47 days later , the new one broke . The planer does not feed properly -LRB- especially large boards over 7-8 '' wide -RRB- and one -LRB- or more -RRB- of the feed roller sprokets disentergrates . The first time it happened , I called DeWalt and they said there were no other reports of this , so I had to buy 2 new roller sprokets . Well , 5 months later , the sproket broke again . I have a extra , but this is getting rediculous . Every time I call DeWalt , they claim that I am the only one with this problem , but as you can see here -LRB- and check the net -RRB- MANY others have had this same problem . NOW , fast forward 6 months , and I 've been told that DeWalt has secertly fixed the design problem , and the new models work fine . That 's little confort to me as mine is defective and neither Lowes or DeWalt will replace it for me . I 'll spend the next 5-6 years replacing sprokets until I get POed and just toss the thing . Worst tool I have ever bought from DeWalt . Not sure it even deserves a score of 1 . RH
 My planer arrived today with a crack in the aluminum base , and a small piece of the base ready to break off . The styrofoam packing materials were all broken and cracked , not doing their job . I 've read reviews here back to October 2003 that point out the problems with the packaging . It 's hard to believe that no one at Dewalt or Amazon has recognized this as a problem and done something about it by now .
 I have used my DW735 planer for dimensioning rough cut cherry , pine , black walnut , fir , oak , and maple . I 've also used it for restoration of surface on worn oak , fir and maple . These blades wear out very quickly -- within a few dozen BF of materiel . I find a set of blades will last 2 hours of planing before they are too dull to allow wood to feed . For the cost of the blades I have used , I could have already purchased a ` real ' planer . I would not buy the DW735 again if I could do it all over again .
 I have used the planer for a little over a year . When the knives are new , the finish is great . They show nicks easily and are a pain because you have to sand the marks out . I have n't tried any third party knives . HOWEVER . . Shortly after first use I noticed a screw lying on the out feed table . I looked and looked to see where it had come from with no luck . Later when cleaning out the chip fan housing I noticed that it was loose . In fact one screw was missing and the rest were loose . I replaced the missing one . . not easy and tightened another . I could n't get to the third . Yesterday , I noticed that the new set of knives I had installed were gouging the work . I opened up to look at the knives and noticed a BIG dent in the blades . Then I noticed a screw which is in the same space as the knives was loose and that the knives had been hitting it . I downloaded the exploded view of the macnine from DeWalt and there is no screw there . There did n't seem to be any reason for the screw . In fact I think it was a mistaken hole in manufacture which was hidden by adding a screw . The whole case on the other sided was torn up around the screw hole . This is an expensive piece of equipment and sloppy manufacturing seems to be a problem . If the knives had actually `` caught '' the screw , I do n't know what would happen with the knives making 10,000 rpm . I would suggest looking else where for a similar planer . This is costing me $ 50 for new knives -LRB- This happend after the warranty ran out . -RRB- and lots of down time I do n't want . -LRB- I do wood working as a profession . -RRB-
 After reading numerous positeive reviews of this planer in magazines and online I decided to order one through Amazon.After setting up a workbench and mounting the planer to it I wanted to familiarize myself with it by running some 5 '' wide x 1 '' x 10 ' long pine through it . After roughly a dozen passes alternating sides on the same board one of the material feeding drive sprockets shattered . Needless to say I 'm disappointed in this product.Edited to add : Now I 'm really fuming . I called the Dewalt service and repair shop in Boston and was told that the broken part is on back-order until mid May . It was one of those situations where the service guy says `` between you and me it 's a new unit and the sprocket being used has a poor design '' . I think there 's a lot of units out there with this exact problem . I was instructed to ship my unit back to Amazon for replacement . Yeah , right . Like I 'm going to pay to ship a 100 lb . item just to correct a problem caused by a $ 2.84 defective part.I should have bought the Hitachi .
 I have a collection of DeWalt tools and have to this point been satisfied , but the DW735 appears to be defective.After having used the unit less than a dozen time -LRB- all on soft wood -RRB- , the sprockets driving the feed rollers fractured . The unit had not bound or seized on the material . It just broke.The manufacturer 's online order system shows these to be back-ordered - so one might reasonably conjecture that this is a problem irritating more than just me.Rethinking my commitment to DeWalt .
 Bought the DW735 thickness planer three months ago , first 3 boards the machine worked great . I raised thickness setting to 4 '' and the machine locked up . I could not go up or down . I called Amazon , Tool-Crib they said to call Dewalt , called them was told to bring it to there local repair center and they would not replace it . The man at the repair center said they never seen one of these in here before but they will do there best.After many phone calls between these people 3 months later and having to delay some of my furniture orders even longer I do not have any faith in Dewalt product at all . If it breaks your going to have a lot of trouble . I 'm sure I will have to get new blades to . Do you want these problems to !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have had the 735 for two years now . The funny thing is , it worked flawlessly for the first couple hundred board feet . Of course that was rock hard quarter sawn oak and every board came out beautifully . I started seeing bad reviews about knife wear , feed problems , etc. and thought people were crazy.Then comes maple and knotty alder . Yep , I start seeing ridges in every board . Then feed problems . Oh well , time to flip the knives and give the machine a good cleaning . That did absolutely zero . I bought new knives , and before installing them blew out every dust particle , waxed the bed and cleaned the rollers . Same result ; ridges , gouges and literally ruining my wood . I basically have to pull the boards through now.Don ' t get me wrong . I love the chip ejection fan and the easy knife change , but the thing has do to the basic blocking and tackling as well . It simply does n't hold up over time . So I 'm giving up and doing what I should have done in the first place ; spending real money on a 15 inch stationary machine to go with my Grizzly 8x75 jointer and Jet cabinet saw that have never even thought about failing me !
 I 'm a professional woodworker and have used this planer for two years . I would have dumped this one and invested in a different one if I had the extra money . If you buy this one from Dewalt , plan to spend alot of money on blades . They dull very quickly , even in soft wood like cedar . I 've also had to replace the rotating handle three times after either the screw attachment or handle broke . For the past 6 months , the unit fills up inside with wood dust and shavings . And , because of the open design inside , the wood particles jam up the sprockets that raise and lower the machine . I also hate the fact that there 's very little support for wood when it exits the machine ... causing it to snipe -LRB- cause divots in the wood -RRB- significantly . And , last but not least , it 's almost impossible to find someone who can repair it ! Dewalt wants $ 200 + to do their over-haul . Hardly worth it!Buy something else !
 I missed the fine print when I bought this planer - the blades are disposable . I tried to plane some maple with them and after 1/2 hour , I had tear-out and scoring - it just ruined a bunch of figured wood . When I removed them -LRB- they are reversible -RRB- , I could n't score my fingernail with EITHER side . The solution is for DeWalt to come up with a quality blade package that can be resharpened and will take a micro edge.I would not recommend this planer to anyone planing hardwood or figured wood . It may be O.K. for softwood , but when you spend the amount of money that this thing costs and then realize its limitations are softwood , it 's a major dissappointment . I would strongly advise anyone shopping for a planer for hardwood applications to look for blades that can be resharpened and a reasonable quality . Do n't waste your time with this turkey .
 Hi Guys , I just spent a good long time researching a tool purchase . I was looking for a small planer and there are some really cool looking tools out there . I even purchased a planer , a delta 400 , and ran through a set of blades testing it.What I found out is that any planer that relies on a set of disposable blades is going to put a big hole in my budget if I actually intend to use it . And almost every small planer on the market these days has gone to disposable blades.A disposable item is something that can be thrown away without having to pay much heed to the cost . If disposable planer blades sold for a dollar a piece , one could regard this as a fairly good deal . But the sets sell for $ 30-50 dollars !! And this just is n't good economy for cheap high speed steel construction that chips and dulls so easily in this application . And if the truth be told about it , they do cost only a few pennies to make , and package , and ship all the way from China.When something is as public domain as a knife , and the complexity of manufacture less than that of a happy meal toy , and it can be turned out on a machine by the thousands per hour , there is something very wrong with charging $ 30 - $ 40 dollars for it . And calling it disposable is just plane ridiculouse.The way I want to use my planer , I could easily go through a couple of sets of blades a day.So this unit is a definite pass . They have got so many reasons that a board can dull a blade they never get pinned down to making a blade that 's tough enough for the job.As it turns out , I 'll be buying a planer with resharpenable blades -LRB- that cost less than disposable blades by the way -RRB- , and a rather robust and expensive blade sharpening machine , ALL for less than the price of one of these glitzy little name brand jobs.Glad I did n't decide to buy this one . They did n't have a no star rating , but this one deserves it . All of the disposable blade units do .
 Pulled the planer out of the shipping box and discovered about a 2 '' x 3 '' area of the aluminum base was chipped out . Thought that perhaps I could live with that but then I tried to adjust the depth . Planer is supposed to have a range from 1/8 '' to 6 '' thick . However , it would not move out of the 3/4 '' to 1 '' range.Then comes the service . I had to physically bring the 100 pound machine to the nearest DeWalt service center . Even though I live in a big city the nearest service center was over 40 miles away . They said it will take about 2 weeks to repair and I need to drive back and pick it up because they could not ship .
 This planer has been a huge disappointment . It worked great for about 100-150 board feet . Since then i have had to feed the material through manually . I bought this machine before i started only buying commercial grade woodworking tools -LRB- mostly Grizzly -RRB- and i regret it . For a few hundred bucks more you can get a 15 '' grizzly planer that you will love forever .
 I bought the Dewalt 2-3 yrs . ago . My first impressions were very favorable , the 3 knife head did a smoother job in fast feed than my other planers did in slow . It did a good job on pine , but when I started planing red oak it started sniping and leaving ridges in my boards . I rotated the knives and it helped for 2 or 3 boards then I started seeing these problems again . The sniping occures on both infeed and out even while lifting up on the lumber , because of this I 'm reluctant to buy the extension tables -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- . Dewalt advised me to feed in high until the finish cut to improve blade life , I 've purchased 3 sets of knives at $ 50/set to plane 300-400 ft. of clean oak that I ran through my old Ryobi to insure that it was clean . I 've been a toolmaker for 25 yrs . and I believe the grind on the knives is too thin to hold up to hard wood .
 This critter has been on the market for almost nine years now , and the jury is definitely in
 Being a part-time tool designer for woodturning , and a former machinist , I appreciate good tools & designs . I 've used the 735 with a friend making various woodworking projects . The DeWalt 735 looked like a great design , with innovative vacuum-assist using the planer knives for an impeller-like suction . But shortly into the project , the knives quickly showed wear and the planer made much more noise than it did when the blades were untouched by the softwood we were planing . I 've done a lot of planing , and have owned other brands of machines & knew there were serious problems with these blades . When I inspected the blades , I immediately noticed they were very thin with too much backrake in the edge , which probably caused premature breakage due to unsupported steel at the cutting edge . There is the probability of setting up vibrations in the thin metal further causing additional stresses on the steel , and may be a reason the machine is much louder than other brands of planers -LRB- try taking a razor blade and hack away at hardwood and see what happens . -RRB- . Shortly after that , the sproket in the drive system broke . Another closer inspection revealed a very weak , low density casting with poor mechanical design & strength , especially where the keyway was broached into the already weak metal . A second replacement sproket broke in the same place , relative to the first one , further indicating a design flaw , and another set of knives went dull prematurely -LRB- I was hoping that the first set of knives had a metallurgical flaw , were embrittled , or some other fluke -RRB- . I measured the depth of cut on the 6 '' wide softwood board , and it was only .050 '' -- less than 1/16 '' !! There is no easy way to re-machine the knife holder to accept better knives , say from a Makita or other brand of machine . Maybe DeWalt subbed part of this machine out to a company named `` Rejects `` R '' Us '' but this machine is past it 's warranty and will be sold `` as is '' which is an `` as is '' piece of junk . But if you want a noisy dust collector booster , this machine will work well , just do n't plane anything harder than fresh marshmallows on it . It 's truly sad that with all the other great features on this machine , and DeWalt 's great reputation with the predecessor to the 735 , a lack of attention to the two most important functions of the machine -LRB- cutting wood , and feeding the wood through the planer -RRB- were neglected . The local customer service was poor , at best . Get this planer a better knife design , forged steel sproket , acoustic damping -LRB- it 's really loud -RRB- and this DeWalt will be as good as the Hitachi or Makita .
 I purchased my DW735 as a quicky -LRB- read
 Bought my DW735 new . About 45 minutes after I started planing -LRB- cyress , very soft -RRB- raised lines appeared on the wood . I swapped the blades and started planing again , but the knives wore out again in roughly 30 minutes -LRB- not 30 minutes of planing , but simply 30 minutes running ! -RRB- . I hoped I simply had a faulty set of knives , and that newer replacements would be made of good steel instead of cast zinc or crusty bread or whatever . Within 5 more minutes , > ponk < a sprocket -LRB- also made of clay or cardboard ? -RRB- broke.I took it for repair to a DeWalt service center and asked why the knives wore out so quickly . The clerk rudely observed `` you 're not supposed to plane nails , '' summing up his/their attitude and helpfulness . I had carefully prepped the wood before planing , and only went 1/4 turn of the handle per pass , no more than 1/32 '' . Nor did anything obvious cause binding or stress on the drive sprockets.They fixed it -LRB- it was really broken ; not just an out-of-index feed speed lever as suggested on DeWalt 's website -RRB- . I installed new knives , and started planing some redwood . At 10 minutes the raised lines were back , at 30 minutes > ptunk < the sprocket broke again -LRB- note
 Bought this unit about a year and a half ago and have planed A LOT of lumber with it . I have also gone through a lot of blades . DEWALT ARE YOU LISTENING !!!!!!!! I now live with the ridges until they get out of control and just do the extra sanding and sanding -LRB- we all love -RRB- to get rid of them . It 's a shame as otherwise I feel it is a well thought out design and operationally it has given me no trouble whatsoever.I save my money for this and am currently saving my money to replace it . Save your money and buy something else from the start .
 This is not a tool for the serious woodworker . While it does produce a great finish on soft woods , the best I can get is about 400 board feet -LRB- 10 in stock -RRB- before I have to rotate the knives -LRB- each set of knives is two sided and are going for about $ 54.00 a set -RRB- . They are easy to rotate/change , but the knives can not be sharpened and are just too expensive to keep replacing . If you hit a pine knot the wrong way and dislodge it from the stock as I did , the cheap plastic internal chip collector shoot will self-destruct . And for some unknown reason , the feed rollers seem to gum-up really fast causing poor feed . My advice
 My Second Planer . Very disappointed with the roller not strong enough to pull lumber through . I have to pull and tug . Qaulity of blades extremely poor and costly to replace . Dewalt hear this ! My last Dewalt tool if you do n't find some way to rectify this poor performing tool . My problem for now is that I have to live with this as I ca n't afford another for a while . Not very good testimony to Dewalt quality and support .
 I 've had this planner for about 4 years and I 'm taking it to the dump as soon as my Makita planner comes in . I 've had it in to the Dewalt service center 4 times because I could no longer raise or lower the bed . I 'm not sure what the problem is - whether saw dust is blocking the sprockets or the posts are moving , but Dewalt does not seem to be able to make a lasting repair - and they do n't seem too concerned about it when I talk to them . Other people here have mentioned how quickly the blades dull . Some of the more expensive aftermarket blades are better , but not much better - it you do a lot of work planning , you need to have a supply of replacement blades . The only thing I like was the dust extractor - which blows sawdust out - you do n't have to pull it out - but the inside of the machine does fill up with saw dust.My advice , look for a different planner .
 After reading the reviews and recalling other bad experiences with Dewalt service I 'M RETURNING MY PLANER I purchased yesterday.I 'm fed up with manufacturers treating their customers like morons . Did you not think the design flaws would be noticed , Dewalt ??? I 've always stayed away from DeWalt products since my first encounter with their `` customer-service '' . -LRB- that 's an oxy-moron in itself -RRB- . No more Dewalt tools for me !!
 This WAS a decent planer . It 's now crippled because I ca n't get parts from their site . I placed an order on May 7 , today is July 13th . The order has been repeatedly delayed a couple of weeks at a time . But do they -LRB- DeWalt , Porter Cable , Delta -RRB- bother to tell you you 're order has been delayed again ? No ! The only way you can find out that they 've decided to delay fulfillment is to in initiate a search yourself.Bottom line . It was a decent planer for a while but once it breaks you 're done .
 I bought this planer yesterday after work at the `` Blue '' home center . I was going to buy the DW734 12.5 '' planer , but decided this one looked better . Boy was I wrong . This planer has plenty of power and leaves a nice finish , but it snipes very , very badly , way beyond acceptable limits , and that was with a narrow , short piece of wood . They claim there is a built-in cutter head lock , but it must be a ghost . This thing snipes worse than a Ryobi without a cutter head lock . I returned it first thing this morning and bought the DW734 . It is what I was looking for . With the cutter head locked , there is only 1 to 2 thousandths snipe , easy to sand off . Save yourself a bunch of money and buy the DW734 . This planer , DW735 , does n't perform to the price tag . Buy the DW734 .
 If you enjoy buying High-Priced Ink Jet Cartridges for that low-priced printer , then you will love this planer.I 've had my DW735 for two years now and I 've spent more on replacement blades than the original cost of the unit -LRB- including the side tables -RRB- -LRB- ca n't believe those cost extra ! -RRB- I plane a lot of White Oak , and smaller quantities of other hardwoods . I 'm really lucky to get 2-3 hours of planer time before nick marks start showing up and the blades have dulled out !!!!!! Also ... the inside of the unit is all formed abs plastic , and hairline cracks are showing up , so it probably will not last much longer . Kind of like Dewalts ' Random orbit sanders that typically last me about 7-8 months ! Sure has become a disposable tool market ... nothing lasts anymore !
 The planner arived and I was able to use it right away . The snipe was not bad and the finish was fairly good . There is barely any noticable finish diference between the two speeds on hardwoods . After less than 100 board feet , this all changed.The sprockets are made from sintered hardened powder metal . They break under light loads and are expensive to replace , even though they are probably purchased for under 20 cents by Dewalt . Dewalt has now changed to a different material sprocket that so far is holding up . It is too bad that they did not stand behind their product and issue conversion kits or issue a recall for the known design flaw.The rollers are also weak . Even when removing 1/64 '' on narrow boards , they do not have the force needed to push the wood past even brand new knives . I 'm forced with manually pushing the boards thru the planner . That is until I purchase a new one - not Dewalt.The knife design is poor and prone to breaking down the knifes . They can not be sharped . They have an edge on both sides , so you can use them twice at $ 45 a pop.The on-line service is a joke . The narrest service center is an hour away for me and will require taking a days vacation due to their limited hours of operation and no weekends.Save your self the headache , and do n't by this piece of junk .
 Planer worked great for a short period of time and then the front sprocket that drives the rollers broke into three pieces . I have not run a hundred board feet thru yet and its broke . Should have bought a stationary one , besides by the time you buy the planer , Dewalt mobile base , and folding wings your almost there cost wise anyhow and would have alot better machine .
 This planer is pure junk . It 's a total waste of time and money having this thing around . The knives last absolutely no time at all , literally no time at all . When you take these knives out of the package stand them up on a flat surface and gaze at all the light streaming through the ragged and not very straight edge of these knives , they are totally worthless . Why would anyone make something this bad?I 've gone through 4 sets of knives and about 200 bd ft of lumber . If you do the math you 'll find out that you 'll be going broke in no time -LRB- and this does n't even count all the wasted time trying desperately to pull the wood through the stupid machine as the knives you just put in dull up halfway through a run of a mere 20-30 bd ft -RRB- . I normally do n't buy `` homeowner '' type tools but I found myself in a bind and this was there , I needed it so I bought the stupid thing and now two weeks later it 's been discarded.If DeWalt is willing to put their name on a product like this then I guess they either have no pride or just plain do n't care.These are not working man -LRB- woman -RRB- tools , They belong with the happy homeowner who does n't know any better.I will never buy a DeWalt tool again.FYI , I 've been doing this for almost thrity years and I know the proper way to plane a piece of wood , this machine just ca n't do it.Regards ,
 I purchased this planer to replace my DW 733 planer to avoid having to replace the cutter head and adjusting screw which was worn through normal wear & tear . The repairs would have cost me $ 125 in parts and about 2 days down time to do the repairs . Time I can not afford.My planer arrived today , and the bottom corner of the plate was cracked and had pieces of metal lying in the bag . I attempted to adjust the planer , and the travel of the cutterhead would bind about every 3/4 inch or so . Further inspection of the 4 corner posts revealed metal imbedded on the screw thread.I called Amazon to report the damage , was told I 'd be contacted to have another sent out . I just received an email that it is my responsibility to contact dewalt for the damaged parts . I am very disappointed in the customer service and understanding of the problem . If the handle were bent , I could understand calling Dewalt , but the base is cracked and more than likely the cutterhead needs to be replaced as well . This is the two major parts that ensure the accuracy of the machine . I replied to the email to have them ship me a new one and a call tag for this one . This damage was caused by their handing or by UPS . Why should I have to fix it?This one is going back . I am not fixing it . If amazon wants to have any more business from me , they will make this right . I am appalled at the response I received about the shipping damage.I received my second ` replacement ' planer one week after the first one arrived , and it looked like they drug the box behind the UPS truck . I discovered the body was cracked & the gear cover was shattered . Amazon agreed to send out another.I received my third planer , two weeks after the first one arrived . Worst shape of all of them upon arrival . 3 planers received , 3 planers destroyed by UPS , 3 planers returned .
 I 've only used my machine a short time running cedar through it . Was really impressed for a few runs , then I started having ridge and scrape marks the length of the wood . Thinking I had a chip in the knives , I reset them with new edges . Same problem . Took the scarred stick of lumber along w / the machine to a Dewalt service store . After a quick glance at the wood , the tech said he knew right away what the problem was . Dewalt put too weak of a blades in the machine , and he said that when the blades cut though knots it fractures the blade . He also said there were n't any heavier blades one could put in it . His suggestion was to gripe to Dewalt so maybe if enough people complain , they might do something about it . No refund , so I left my planer at the shop and asked them to sell it and send me the money . Sensless having a machine that wo n't work in my shop . Just bought a General 30-115M1 planer . Built like a tank .
 I just bought a DW735 and after planing three 8 ' x 7 '' x 1.125 thick walnut to .75 thick the M2 tool steel knives are leaving raised lines just as bad as the 15 year old knives my Ryobi AP10 . The only reason I replaced the AP10 was I wanted to plane wider boards . If the knives would plane more than 24 board feet the planer would work just fine . I am thinking about returning the paner for another brand if I can not get better knives for it .
 This planer did a great job right out of the box . But soon I found the blades did n't last long . I planed about 100 board feet of clear Douglas Fir -LRB- very soft -RRB- when I noticed the planer started to get bogged down . I could n't believe the blades were getting dull in the first hour of use , but they were . I went on line and found many other users that claimed the same results . These users claimed about 50 board feet for harder woods . When I found the ONLY blades made for this planer were from DeWalt and cost about $ 55 per set , I quickly realized the cost to plane wood using this planer was ridiculous . I generally plane hard woods . This would result in a cost of about $ 0.55 per board foot just to plane wood . I took advantage of DeWalt 's generous return policy and returned this planer to the retailer . I then went out and purchased a cheap planer -LRB- $ 199 -RRB- that still uses the old 1/8 '' thick knives and I 've been planing wood like crazy . And because the blades hold up better , I 'm actually getting smoother results . The fit and finish of the new planer does n't come close to the DW735 , but I 'm more interested in results than beauty . I was able the buy an extended warranty on the new planer and the replacement blades are only $ 12.50 . You can also buy after market carbide tip or solid carbide blades if you want 10 times the blade life.If you are a casual hobbiest and you do n't plan to do a lot of planing , then this is a beautiful machine . But if you 're a serious woodworker , then skip this planer . The best thing about this machine is the return policy . This item needs to be purchased from a local dealer , so your return costs are minimal .
 Basically I should have read the reviews before getting this . If I could give this thing 0 stars I would . I replaced an older dewalt planer with the 735 and thought it was a good price for the features . Well , I have planed about 30 board feet of 4/4 cherry and if your boards are n't perfectly flat to begin with you are done . I do n't mean twisted and warped , I mean 1/8th of inconsistency and you are done . Instead of bogging down the motor , the planer catches it and it kills the rollers . Have that happen a couple times and you will wish the thing bursts into flames . I 'm sure I will be told I am using it wrong but I know that is not the case . I have been very patient with the thing but now I have given up . Going to get a new planer , not Dewalt .
 Cabinetmaker 20 + years , this planer doesnt feed well . After exchanging planer had same problem . Rep told me to run at slow speed but that didnt help . Plus whats the sense in two speeds if one doesnt work . Bad design and possibly dangerous as it could kick back if not feeding properly . If you dont help the wood thru sometimes it wont feed at all . Very disappointing .
 I have had this machine for a year and I automatically charge all my custom in build cabinets and furniture a $ 25 dollar surcharge for blades , this planer is faboulous for about 30 board foot of lumber , a typical project . Then you can flip 'em over and do one more project . It would actually be cheaper to let my hardwood supplier surface two sides that to run this very expensive planer . Dewalt , listen up !!! You may have the DIY and weekend enthusist blinded by your fancy marketing and race cars but professionals are starting to grumble , put your house in order , include the accessories to achieve the best results !
 Ugh , just need to repeat what others have said . What I wish I 'd read before buying this planer ... The blades are terrible . Needed to replace my good old Delta 12-1/2 '' planer after it got stolen from a jobsite -LRB- ugh again -RRB- . Thought I 'd treat myself after getting $ 2000 in tools ripped off . Now I feel like it happened again . I 've had it almost a year and I 'm on my 5th set of $ 45 blades . I do use it at work but I 'm a finish carpenter not a lumber-miller . I know they 're easy to replace , but it still takes 20-30 minutes , is required constantly and the blades certainly are n't in stock at the corner hardware store . Now the feed rollers have got grooves in 'em from peeling rubber trying to feed through dull blades.Had the Delta for 7 or 8 years and can only remember replacing the blades 3 or 4 times . It was NEVER an issue . Now I 'm looking for a used older Delta -LRB- the new ones look to be less well-built -RRB- so I can dump this overweight POS . Dewalt got it wrong again.Yes the motor runs smoothly , yes the dust ejection is efficient , yes it 's stable & solid . But it 's reason for being is to cut wood . Can not be accomplished with a continuously dulling blade . Please send a message to Dewalt by not buying their poorly engineered tools . If they are going to produce such equipment and charge industry standard prices , it better at least be up to par .
 The DeWalt 735 planer attracted me because of its appearance , construction details , snipe correction and positive review in Fine Woodworking -LRB- a completely honest magazine in reviewing tools and machinery . It appars they really goofed on their review of the DW735 -RRB- . So , how could I make such a poor choice ? Well , I did , despite having owned a number of planers including `` lunch box '' and industrial planers during many years of woodworking . I do not think the problem is the planer itself -LRB- though there could be a defect in the design of the chip exhaust system as DeWalt does not recommend the use of a vacuum exhaust with the DW 735 , and instead relies on the internal fan for chip removal . -RRB- I do use their exhaust system rather than hooking the machine up to my high CFM collector or to a Fein shop vac . So I am at a loss to diagnose the problem with rapid blade dulling in their knives but it is a universal complaint and DeWalt has none nothing to correct it despite almost 10 years on the market . Their disposable blades -LRB- at $ 40 a crack -RRB- make the machine the worst investment I have ever made in machinery . They simply become dull after running very few board feet of lumber and , in my case , I have only run relatively soft woods , i.e. poplar , pine reserving my 15 '' industrial planer for harder woods once I realized how quickly the blades dull.I suspect that DeWalt 's reason for not doing anything about rapid knife dulling -LRB- note that they are disposable blades and can not be resharpened though some users do attempt honing . My thought is why waste the time honing when they are going to be dull again after only a few feet of planing . I really suspect DeWalt has elected to do nothing about the problem as it is like an annuity for the company -- they just keep on selling blades , probably realizing a greater profit on the blades than they ever did on the machine . These blades cost less than one dollar to produce in China . DeWalt is raking it in and therefore doing nothing to correct this outrageous defect.If you want to use the machine and not replace blades after short runs you would need to buy a spiral cutterhead which a couple of companies are now marketing for the DW735 at a beginning price of around $ 700 . I might end up doing that as I already have so much invested in this portable planer but if you are just starting out my recommendation is to go with almost anything other than the DeWalt 735 . You could buy a decent industrial grade planer for what you would spend buying the 735 and going to a spiral cutterhead with carbide inserts.DeWalt customer service -- what an oxymoron that is . Ever had any experience with their customer service?I bought this to use as a portable job site machine and find myself having to carry my boards back to my shop to plane them on a decent machine . Shame on DeWalt .
 I should have read other reviews before purchasing this thing . I bought it for my wife to use in her clock shop for the occasional replacement of a panel for a cuckoo clock . On the first project , it lasted all of an hour of light use before the drive belt broke . That was $ 27.42 plus tax and gas for a two hour drive . Then the blades were dull within another hour of use . We never tried to take off more than 1/32 '' at a pass from clean clear walnut . Flipping the blades was easy , but at $ 55 for new ones this could get expensive . Unfortunately , we let it sit un-used for over a year so it ca n't be returned . I 'm shopping for something else . I love all the rest of my DeWalt tools , of which there are many .
 I OWN A DEWALT 735 PLANER THAT HAS BEEN IN THE SHOP 4 TIMES WITH FEED PROBLEMS . THE PERSON SERVICING THE PLANER SAID HE COULD NOT FIND ANYTHING WRONG WITH THE PLANER I RAN 4 BOARDS THROUGH IT AND THE FEED ROLLER SEIZED UP AND BROKE THE SPROCKET AND CHAIN ALONG WITH THE COVER . THIS HAS PUT ME OFF DEWALT PRODUCTS . DENNIS WILLIAMS
 I was going to buy this planer from Amazon but wanted to see one before parting with my hard earned $ $ . Visited a local woodshop where the guy told me he had been canibalizing machines for parts as his customers were complaining about breakages . One guy had his break twice in a week on simple planing operations.Sounds like the reviewer that talks about a design issue with the new DeWalt got it right . I would n't part with the serious cash needed to buy this machine until I heard definitively that the problem is fixed .
 I waited eight months to write this review hoping that I would grow to like the DW735 planer . No chance!I really only have two problems with the planer but they are critical problems.First , as most people have stated , the blades wear out very quickly and are expensive to replace . I have used three sets already and have only owned this planer for eight months . The last set of blades I bought were carving grooves in the wood after just one day of planing maple . That 's pretty bad!Second , the roller feeders get dirty very easily and do n't pull the wood through so I find myself having to help the wood pass through the planer . This is very frustrating as I would prefer to let the feeder do the feeding.On the plus side the planer does plane the boards very flat . But , because the blades dull so quickly I still have to do quite a bit of sanding after planing to get rid of the ridges and grooves that have been cut into the wood by the planer.No , I would n't but this model again .
 I originally bought this planer to haul around to self service boatyards , replacing heavy Douglas fir planking in wooden boats . I needed the extra inch in width and the extra weight . It worked fine for this . My little Ryobi was easier to drag around but lacked the capacity . Ufortunately , when I used the Dewalt for anything else , it was disappointing . First , the blades get dull pretty quickly , and small ridges appear almost right away . The chip ejection did not work well , letting chips down into the machine and scoring the back side of the board . The top cut would be nice , but the back side would get chips ground into it . I called the Dewalt tech line on it and they were no help . It made no difference if the machine was spewing chips all over my shop floor or hooked up to my big Delta dust collector.When it came time to change the blades or flip them over , I discovered the allen head screws holding the blade clamps in place froze up . The screws were of poor quality and the heads blurred . I finally got them out by grinding off the heads . This could be remedied by using hex head machine screws instead of allen heads . I use `` never seize '' on the screws now , which has helped , and keep an envelope of extras on hand.I use the optional run out tables , which helps minimize snipe , though it does n't completely eliminate it . One side folds up , the other does n't , which seems like bad design . I also bought the stand later to minimize the machine 's footprint in my shop , and it works well and was easy to assemble .
 OK so apart from the knives becoming dull within 1 hour of starting this machine up , I feel it is necessary to comment on the poor dust evacuation . I use this planer with a high powered dust collector connected at all times . For some reason I am constantly having to remove the case and manually clean out the cogs and chain as they have become so clogged that turning the depth adjuster is impossible . I do n't know if I am the only person who seems to have this problem.I would not recommend this planer as it seems to be the proverbial money pit with regards to new blades and constant repairs , not to mention wasted man hours .
 I am a professional woodworker , and I decided that I needed a portable planer in addition to my Powermatic 160 . I bought this one over the others for two reasons
 I too had one of the sprockets sheer apart after a single day of use ; and not even heavy use ! I called DeWalt and they informed me that `` some of the units had undersized bearings that caused the feed roller sprocket to break . '' They suggested I return it to the distributor and exchange it for a new unit since the newer production run corrected this problem with larger bearings . This is n't really a serious setback for me -LRB- except for the delay in playing with my toy -RRB- since I did n't buy it online , the dealer stood behind the product and it was less than 30 days old -LRB- DeWalt unconditional 30 day warranty -RRB- . That said , however , I can imagine how much of a pain in the neck it is -LRB- not to mention costly -RRB- to ship the 90 pound defect back to Amazon ! I 'm disappointed that DeWalt -LRB- particularly on their highest end planer -RRB- did n't post some sort of recall if they knew the problem was systemic and offer to pay for the shipping back if you bought it online . In addition , DeWalt would n't tell me how to ascertain that the exchanged for planer had the larger bearing and was free from the defect . Perhaps the Serial Number would tell me ? I asked . DeWalt would n't help . In addition , the dealer did n't know about the defect or which ones were `` old '' or `` new '' , so he could n't head off possible problems . I 've decide to wait until the dealer receives a new shipment to exchange mine ... which he says will be in another week . Anyway , the machine was terrific while it worked with virtually no snipe and a glass finish . We 'll see if the `` new '' one I get holds up.Update : Well , I got a replacement ... the dealer could n't have been more accommodating . The new machine works perfectly and the cut quality is excellent . I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because
 This is a good planer for very small projects . If you want to run a decent board through the DW 735 make sure you have plenty of extra drive sprockets . I have gone through at least two dozen drive sprokets in the first month of operation with the DW735 . The earlier models -LRB- DW733 and DW734 -RRB- have fewer or no problems because the drive sprockets are durable . It seems the management at DeWalt saved some money on the smaller drive sprockets on the DW735 and increased the costs for the consumer . If you want to make small bird houses out of cedar -LRB- without knots -RRB- this may be a good planer for you ; however , if you want a decent quality planer buy an older model or a different brand with durable drive sprockets . The drive sprockets on the DW735 are not designed for durability .
 I , like most others here have bought the DW735 . At first glance this machine has all the features that I wanted . But , -LRB- here it comes -RRB- As you read in these reviews , most all have problems with the blades being poor quality and the rollers not feeding proberly . Whether that is from dull blades I dont know . I am very disapointed with Dewalt on this , I love that features but cant live with the problems . I called Dewalt about the blades and they sent me a free pair but denied any knowledge about the blade and rollers . -LRB- I believe they know or they have lost all customer contact -RRB- They have no plans to fix these problems either . So that being said i am sadly taking this back .
 After using the planer sporatically for a year , the front sprocket running the feed rollers snapped in two . The closest repair center is 2-1/2 hours away and works M-F 8-5 . I bought my planer after reading that DeWalt had `` fixed '' this problem , and made sure my serial number was in the later batches . This problem should have triggered a recall notice . We 'll see how much it costs to fix this problem . Oh , and snipe is still a problem with this machine , even with the outfeed table supports . -LRB- And Wood Magazine gave this Top Tool rating ... -RRB- -LRB- Update
 After about 200 board feet , the sprocket and chain drive broke on this tool . Brought to service center for warrantly work and they told me they have seen 5 or 6 like this recently . Obviously a design problem.Been waiting a week for new parts - have lost 2 weekends of work -LRB- the service centers have banker hours and no weekends -RRB- . When I call to find out when it will be done , just get jerked around and they act like I 'm annoying them.Save your money and buy a Delta Stationary Tool . Last DeWalt tool I will ever buy . -LRB- Which is too bad as this planer leaves a great surface finish -RRB-
 Unfortunately I have had a bad experience with this product . I have to rate it a 1 star until I can get an oportunity to use it . This 1 star is for Amazon selling something that does not work . My son has the same planer and he is very happy with it so I am sure it will be great when I get it back . I unpacked it only to find out that it does not work . The repair shop can not tell what happened for sure but they had to order some parts . Hopefully I will be able to tryout the item soon .
 i am a hobby guy , thus not planing very much board feet of lumber . i purchased a planer in 2009 and by 2010 the end feed rollers split . the 2 speed shifter froze up and would not work . the inside blower was put on backwards from the factory . the plastic housing around the blower broke because the blower was put on backwards . and yes the blades also were dulled quickly . dewalt sent me a brand new planer with brand new blades to replace original purchase that went bad . the replacement worked good for less than one year and the motor burnt out . dewalt says that it is not under the one year warrantee because the replacement planer was to fix the original purchase planer.so i suggest to not waste your money . a guy is now fixing the planer for me . i would just junk it but i have too many blades for it that i bought to just throw them away too .
 I have the same experience as others . The planer stated to produce raised lines after less than an hour of use . It does n't feed wood of any with or thickness well . The features are appealing , but the planer just does not work .
 I purchased this planer after having a Ridgid 12 '' portable planer for approx . 6 years . Out of the box , the Dewalt worked great and was giving great smooth finishes on any oak or maple I ran thru it . Had to purchase the infeed and outfeed table because of snipe and the dust collection hose for a trash can . Eventually the housing busted for the fan that extracted the shavings out of it , which would create an enormous amount of shaving build up inside of the machine , which resulted in taking it apart and blowing it out constantly . Shortly thereafter , a couple of the teeth on the chain sprockets broke which hindered the raising and lowering of the head . All this happened in about 4 months . I am a trim carpenter subcontractor , building cabinets on site in new construction residential high-end homes . I think if it was in a homeshop for personal use , it would be great but not for constant professional use . I owned my much cheaper Ridgid planer for a MUCH longer amount of time with no problem , but was wanting to upgrade to something nicer . Looks like I need to bust the ol' Ridgid back out and return the Dewalt .
 I would not recommend the DeWalt DW735 . The blades wear out extremely quickly and are expensive to replace . For the price of this planer I expect them to last much longer than they do . Snipe really is n't that great on this planer though snipe is always an issue and can be dealt with by planing boards that are longer than the required finished length.Check out the reviews for the Makita or Delta planers . They are much better than the DeWalt -LRB- esp Makita -RRB- . I wish I had taken this into account before spending $ $ on this over-priced , under-performing planer.On the positive side , the dust collection on this machine is great .
 As stated in many of the reviews here this planer has major issues with the blades . They dull/chip very quickly and are difficult to replace . The screws holding the blades in place are cheap allen head screws that strip easily . Do not buy this planer . Sorry .
 I bought this planer and returned it after 1 week . Used a walnut 1 x 4 that had previously been planed and sanded just to try this planer . I knicked the blades on the first pass and continued to knick the blades on subsequent passes . I contacted Dewalt and they immediately shipped a new set of knives that I received 2 days later . Great customer service.I replaced the knives and started to plane approx . 100 board feet of poplar . After planing about 10 to 12 board feet , the blades again were so badly knicked I stopped and got my trusty Delta 22-580 13 '' planer and finished the job.I returned the Dewalt to the dealer for a full refund . Again great customer service and could be a great planer if they could only solve their knife problem.I am a professional cabinet builder and have planed several thousand board feet of a large quanity of different species of woods from pine to hickory . This planer with the knives supplied currently is unacceptable for the highest priced portable planer on the market .
 I purchased a DW735 new in Feb 2008 based on the reviews I read and comparing it to what I thought were comparable machines . The motor failed on it after a few uses never taking more than 1/32 as a maximum cut . When I contacted DeWalt and told them that the machine started blowing circuit breakers for no reason they told me to try a different wall receptacle and suggested I change blades . When I told them new blades would not do me any good if the motor wo n't turn on they referred me to their service center . The machine was taken to the service center and I left with not very much good information . The motor seems to be the weak link here . The service center had two other DW735 machines that had been left by their owners -LRB- as potential parts machines -RRB- because the original owners did n't even want them , one had been sent to DeWalt 3 times and was again down for the count . I am now looking for a planer that will do what I thought this one would do - last me through my retirement years of wood working . What a disappointment to find out that my fixed income will have to either find additional shop tool funds or I will not have the liberty of having a planer in my shop for working with wood .
 Used it on my Dewalt 13 '' planer . Tons of fine dust blow out through the bag itself . The force of the air frequently blows the bag off the trash can - again dust everywhere . Perhaps a little better than using the planer without it , but not much . Certainly not worth the price .
 This thing is made to fit a square -LRB- ??? -RRB- container , has a heavy , heavy hose that plugs constantly and is always in the way . I would n't recommend it to anyone . The DW735 is a whole different story , it 's a fabulous planer . Too bad the design teams did n't talk to each other .
 Take the $ 50 you pay for this and put it towards a dust collector . This thing makes such a mess . I ended up having to buy a dust collector after i purchased this wish i would have just bought the dust collector to begin with .
 I an not happy with this product . The concept is good , but the bag leaves much to be desired . The planer has more than enough air flow to get the chips to the can , but dust was all over the place . After seeing one of the other reviews with similar comments I will look for a new bag also .
 I purchaesd this so I could remove my Dewalt 735 Planer from my dust collection system and use a seperate trash can with a trash bag . I used a plastic trash can first with the brackets for the handles cut away so the bag would fit tighter to the can . The planer blows the sawdust out with so much force that it kept blowing the bag off the can . I next tried a steel trash can . Same problem . Contrary to all my other Dewalt tools , I 'm very disappointed with this chip collector .
 Results are modestly satisfactory . Overall a quality shop vac will serve the same purpose with less capacity but is adequate for occasional usage . Complete containment of dust is not possible as very fine particles escape from the top of the hood . Over priced .
 I was not happy with Accessory kit for my planer . It did a terrible job . I ended up buying a bag from another manufacturer that attached to the hose . With this bag , I had more dust outside than inside the container that I was trying to put it into . Look for something else to work with your planer .
 I frame for a living and my last framing gun lasted about 12 years before any problems . This framing gun lasted about 2 months when it started really giving me problems . Today I started to frame a new home , and lets just say if anyone needs a slightly used framing gun there 's one sitting in a snow bank next to the foundation .
 Does anyone know where I can buy a 3/8 '' NPT male with a 1/4 '' Series Coupling for this Hitachi air nailer?The nailer arrived a month ago and we still have n't used it due to fact we ca n't find the 3/8 '' air fitting . Would it have cost Hitachi a lot of money if they had just sold the nailer with one installed ? I would have gladly paid $ 10.00-20 .00 for them to do so . I 'll bet I 'm not the only one with this problem as everywhere I look they have 1/4 '' NPT male or 3/8 '' NPT male with a hose clamp fitting .
 I thought that the full head framer Hitachi gun was sub-par compared to other guns . I am a avid lover of Hitachi tools , and I thought that this particular gun was not up to Hitachi 's standards for a quality tool . I purchased this gun and returned it immediatly . While other Hitachi guns are probably some of the best on the market , if you are looking for a full head framer I would highly suggest a different brand .
 I purchased the used framing nailer to do remodel projects at home.I thought a used gun would work for my needs since projects are small and onlya couple of hours at a time.I was disappointed with the product and how it was advertised ; it was advertised as having some scratches but works fine . Turned out , it had scratches that showed evidence of abuse and the gun does not work fine ; it double-taps and needs repair.I am very unsatisfied with the product and wish I had purchase a new gun .
 I 've been using Hitachi nailers for years . And I 've never had not having enough power to set a nail flush be a problem with these guns . Does n't matter what compressor you use , where before 120psi would countersink the nail it is all it can do to set it flush with these new guns . Real pita to have to pull your hammer out . And it 's not just mine , Ive heard from other framers that they have the same problem . Your better off going to a pawn shop and looking for an older servicable one .
 well like most things someone will take something like the NR83 which is THE BEST FRAMER MADE and turn it in to NR83A2/NR83A which are sub standerd guns compared to the nr83my reasons are thisnr83a2 offers a depth of drive whitch is a joke and wont preform its one use it could be used for -LRB- shear nailing -RRB- they redesigned the nose pice which causes the gun to catch on the work surface while bump nailing floors and wallssafety springs are not removeable which shouldnt be done but there are times like toe nailing blocking where it makes it safer to have them removed also they changed the magazeine which now impares you from instaling a standerd saw hook which is a must my last complaint is the rapid fire or single shot selecter can and will break leaveing you left in single shot mode . these guns will work but its a big disapointment to me and many others . Hitachi you need to get your s *** togtherwhat you should do isgo to your local pawn shop and buy a used NR83 for half the price of these new guns or go on ebay then buy a flush tip for it you can buy these from bigfoot tools.one used NR83 is better than three new style guns
 These are now being made in Taiwan of Chinese parts . Mine failed early on , and my repair guy said return it for a refund while I still can.Which I did.I am looking for a used Japan-made one now.Edit
 They have changed the internal parts ! I had the driver break on the first week of owning this new model . This gun is junk now ! -LRB- and this is the opinion of other contractors and tool suppliers also . -RRB- What used to be the top framer gun is now just a name now . Hitachi has gone way down hill . Switch to the Max or some other brand .
 I ordered this nail gun expecting it to be the same `` Made in Japan '' quality item I am familiar with . The pictures on Amazon 's website even show a made in Japan model . Instead what I got was a consumer grade `` Made in Taiwan '' model which says NR82A2 -LRB- Y -RRB- on it . Not sure what the Y stands for , but this is not what I ordered and it will be going back . Amazon needs to do better in representing this for what it is . These are the same type sold by chain stores , not the professional model I needed and expected . I 'm hoping this was an oversight by Amazon and not a bait and switch .
 The lower horizontal supports have extra holes for stove bolts the cant be installed where the holes are - do n't need them . Had alignment issues in three areas where holes overlapped -LRB- winked -RRB- on mating parts . I had to drill these to align the holes to accept bolts . -LRB- Note
 The stand , once assembled is great . The instructions suck ! Some of the parts do n't fit and have to be re-drilled . Assembly is a hassle but once together , the stand work well .
 Really Folks , I can understand how contractors could benefit from a lightweight portable metal stand . However , I ca n't see how anyone else could be so excited about this contraption . It is hardly inexpensive at $ 100 . It 's some bent sheetmetal and particleboard ! Assuming access to a table saw and basic skills , anyone should be able to produce a more elegant and less costly solution . A plywood box with wheels will do that very well . Better yet would be to add a door and shelves for storage . Two hours working plywood beats one hour assembling sheetmetal with all the screws , washers , nuts , wrenches , instructions , etceteras . A plywood stand could be used to store the manual , replacement knives , knife changing tools , and extension cord to name a few . Let 's get realistic !
 It turns out that orders placed by telephone can only be for items shipped directly from amazon . There is no mention of this on the web site in the location inviting you to order by telephone . The amazon price may well exceed the item advertized on the web page . This is very misleading and a form of bate and switch .
 Defective product sent . Local company helped with the replacement . No opportunity to open box and inspect second one yet . Very disappointed in DeWalt . The first product looked substantial but the holes in the foundation of the table did not line up and this part of the table , per the directions , was suppose to come assembled . Very surprised that DeWalt let this one out ... pleased that the return was honored ... but wasted a lot of time on the first one before realizing that it was defective ... also a lot of time returning the darn thing . It is very bulky and heavy and it was difficult to manipulate and transport . Great for its purpose , rough if needs to be returned.This product should be a great table when it is put together ... as long as it is not defective .
 I do n't agree with the assembly nor quality control indicated on previous reviews . The holes on one side had to be redrilled to fit . The wheel assembly is not obvious . Toss the instructions and preassemble and you would do better . Once assembled , it seems adequate . Dewalt quality is lacking on this product in my opinion .
 I 've never seen instructions this bad.First , they say that the base is preassembled , so it gives no instructions whatsoever on how to assemble it . But it 's not . Instead , I have four pieces to put together and a few dozen bolts . I 'll just have to guess how that goes . I `` ve never seen anything like this.Then , they go through the trouble of placing the four types of bolts in various plastic bags , but they do n't label the bags to correspond with the letter-based labeling that they use in the instructions -LRB- K , L , M , N -RRB- . The bags instead are NUMBERED ! And they have nice pictures of each bolt , but they are not printed to scale , and no dimensions are ever mentioned.It tells me to use the second longest bolts -LRB- L -RRB- to attach the pedal wheel , but they 're too short.And , of course , their customer service is closed , because no one does this kind of thing on a WEEKEND.Dewalt - ever thought of doing some user testing ?
 I was very disappointed in this table , what would seem to be a solidly constructed item turns out not to be . I found the instructions to be woefully inadequate ; after putting wheel assembly on you then have to take one of the bolts off to put the side on . Instructions said to put wheels on first and did not show having to do take this extra step to put the side on . This would have saved a step in the assembly process.The primary feature , which I bought the table for , the `` tuck away wheel '' is assembled wrong -LRB- at the factory -RRB- so it does not work . I 've seen this mentioned in other reviews , so I do n't understand why Dewalt has n't maee any attempt to address and fix this issue . It took over 30 minutes to find out I was n't assembling this wrong . Aargh.The table is assembled and looks sturdy . But I wonder why the corners only fasten on one side and not both , since there are holes drilled for such . Also , I was short parts , washers . It 's too bad that a major manufacturer ca n't get something this simple right . Makes you wonder about the rest of their products .
 I 'm giving this item a `` 1 '' simply because of the persistant assembly problems noted by others . As of March , 2006 , this sucker was still being supplied with mixed metric/SAE hardware , despite the instructions to the contrary . Also , my instructions had numerous errors , the most egregious of which was the instruction to use the long bolts for base assembly and the medium bolts for planer mounting . If you actually do it this way you 'll wind up with a stand that wobbles loosely and ca n't mount the planer , so you 'll have to do some significant reassembly . I just complained to DeWalt about this , and they say that they are forwarding my comments to their production manager.On the other hand , if you finally get the assembly right , the product seems to work very well indeed .
 I would be glad to review this product , however I never received it . It was on a special at Amazon for $ 113.00 free freight . Never got sent according to Fedex . Now to reorder it the price has gone to $ 147.25 . I have tried to call Amazon , and got some foreign speaking person , who I could not understand very well and all she could tell me was they will issue me a credit . Told her I do n't want the credit , wanted the DW7350 Planer stand as advertised . So this was ordered on 6-17-10 , as of today 7-20-10 , I still do not have the stand or my credit . I never had this kind of service from Amazon . Very dissappointed.Mike L.State College , PA
 DeWalt is apparently challenged by the daunting task of producing accurate and complete assembly instructions . Maybe one of the boys could take a look at their own docs while having their back rubbed in the corporate G6 en-route to DeWalt Racing .1 . Hey guys , how about something as simple as organizing fastening hardware instead of throwing everything together in one bag ? Oh and , the nuts that were supposed to be the same size , WERE NOT .2 . Only 1 base screw attachment for each leg
 I returned the product because it was poorly made . I could not assemble it as the holes did notalign in the base so I could insert the bolts . The instructions said the base would be preassembledand it was not . Very disappointed in Dewalt as they normally they sell quality products .
 The product assembly instructions do NOT match shipping contents . Researched Dewalt 7350 reviews at Dewalt site , apparrently this is an ongoing problem . I contacted Dewalt Customer service and will now drive 4 hours round trip to see if they can correct problem . Do not buy this product . I guess this explains the big discounts offered from Amazon .
 I finally got around to unpacking and assembling my new planer stand . First off I would like to say that the instruction sheet was the worst I 've ever encountered ; very little detail and few photos . I still ca n't figure out how the foot pedal operates and what are the two holes in the foot pedal for ? Also , holes did n't match up and holes were actually missing . I had a lot of adjustments to make and additional holes to drill . Very disappointing !
 I received one of these in a package deal at a Woodcraft store . I was happy that I was getting a nice stand for my planer . Then I opened the box and started reading what they called `` instructions '' . The instructions I received showed that the base was one piece , mine was in 4 pieces . The bolts provided for the wheels have a full threaded shank . This will ware the plastic wheels out in short order . I ended up using the hold down bolts for the planer for the wheels . This of course left me with only two bolts for the planer.I planed both sides of 16 2x4 's yesterday . The stand seems solid enough once together . It 's just overly complicated to assemble.Oh and the lifting wheel lever is backward . What asshat factory worker put that thing together ?
 My dewalt dw7350 arrived and i started to put it together and right away found that the instructions did not match what i was doing as they do not cover putting the base together as others have pointed out.Then when putting the base together i found that two of the sides the bolts do not line up so the bolts can not be placed into the holes.So it looks like i will have to drill them out to fix this . They should send some money back for me doing their work to fix this.Very unhappy about this as i do not have any drills here at this location so i am stuck right now till i can load it all up and take it to my other location to fix it . I would like them to just come pick it up today and take it back and i would buy something else but that is not going to happen.I called Dewalt and they seem to think no one has ever had this problem.I hate buying a product that is not right and it cost me time and money wasted on it.Dewalt should get this fixed just look at all the other reviews posted here and you can see this is a on-going problem with the dewalt dw7350.I would say buy something else .
 Like what nearly everyone else says , the DW 735 is a great planner , but the heart of the machine , the lousy blades are a problem that must be dealt with . Dewalt 's reputation is on the line , it 's time they addressed the problem and came up with better blades .
 These knives dull quickly . They are good for about 30 board feet of oak - with excellent results . Then they require turning or replacement . This gets expensive at $ 45.00 a set .
 The blades dull very quickly , making this a bad choice for anyone planing anything but a small quantity of hard wood .
 Infinity Tools makes a HSS replacement blade set for only $ 4 more than this set . It is n't carbide but it is premium German tool grade steel . That 's a start .
 I have had two sets of blades sent to me by Infinity Tools . The first set had alignment hole issues ; off center by .015 inches . I had to wait 4 months for replacements . Then the second set had end to end taper of .025 to .030 inches . Ca n't get flat results , let alone any blade life , with one edge doing all the cutting . I went back to DeWalt for close tolerance product .
 Like others have said this an excellent piece of equipment with a fatal flaw . The blades turn into so much junk very quickly . Especially if you do more than take off a more than a 64th or so regardless of species . That said until the blades wear out it is a spectacular planer . It leaves a very clean finish and very little if any snipe . I only use it on a few specific situations and leave all of the real planing to my 26 '' bridgewood with a helical carbide insert head . If only there were good relatively inexpensive aftermarket carbide knives . Infinitytools makes them but they cost anywhere from $ 200-250 a set . I do n't know about anyone else , but that 's a heck of a lot of money for carbide knives . Granted they can be resharpened a couple of times , but I can replace all 130 sumodd of the carbide inserts on my helical head for almost half of that .
 Its the same story as others have said , 200 BF of hardwoods is all you will get out of these chinese blades . I guess the china men have n't perfected sheffield steel yet . I just bill my customers 50 bucks a project for the cost of me being stupid enough to buy another dewalt product / .
 I was so unhappy with these knives I almost gave up on my DeWalt 13 '' planer . The planer itself does just what it is supposed to , but these replacement knives dull almost immediately , they have only one side , and ca n't be sharpened . I did a frantic internet search and found Infinity Tools , which carries their own 13 '' replacement knives for this Dewalt planer under `` Specialty Planer and Jointer Knives . '' They are two-sided , resharpenable and last a very long time . I had to slightly overbore the set pin holes , but that was no big deal . I brought that little defect up to the folks at Infinity and they admitted they 'd heard the same thing from a couple of other customers , but said they sell a ton of them so I guess everyone just makes that little adjustment and gets back to working wood . I do n't know if Infinity has started offering replacement knives for the 12.5 '' planer , but I could not recommend the DeWalt 13 '' model if alternative knives were not available . DeWalt is doing their product 's image no favors with their name brand knives . It is a good little planer but the aluminum foil quality of the DeWalt replacement knives is horrendous . I do n't know what MBA -LRB- and I am one -RRB- did the cost benefit analysis , but I ca n't believe they sell enough of these flimsy replacement knives to offset unrealized purchases of the planer they lose due to negative word of mouth . Buy the planer , not the knives .
 Sure wish I would have checked on blade replacement prior to purchase of the DeWalt Planer DW 735 . It is pretty hard to fathom that DeWalt has not corrected this situation.It is a competative world and they seem not to be worried.Anyone out there want to purchase a DW 735 planer ? Mine is for sale at a good price .
 I purchased my DW735 as a quicky -LRB- read
 Yes , like toner cartridges , these blades do n't last long and forever need replacing . For that reason I sold my DW735 and switched back to a DW733 ... I could not afford the blade habit ! If you use exotics , or simply use your planer a lot , I would not recommend the DW735 , as they obviously switched to non-sharpenable blades in order to hook you on their VERY overpriced replacements . If you get 3-400 BF out of a set , consider yourself lucky !
 The DW735 is a very expensive planer . For LESS MONEY , one can purchase a planer that has good blades that can be resharpened , and for which blades are available on a secondary market - including carbide . Not with this machine!Other reviewers have pointed to the problem - these blades are disposable , expensive , and ca n't be sharpened , and they are the heart of the system . Go look elswhere before you consider buying one of these . If you are even considering planing hardwood , look for a machine that has secondary market knives , preferably carbide , and do n't waste your time on stuff like the blades supplied with the DW 735 that probably wo n't last more than a few hours -LRB- or minutes -RRB- into the job . When planing hard maple , I had tear-out almost with the first pass , and never recovered from it.Just to make my point , when I went to `` reverse '' the blades on my machine , the `` new '' edge would n't even put a crease in my fingernail let alone cut paper . If even a new edge wo n't cut , no wonder tear-out is a problem.Don ' t bother with this one . Look for replaceable knives , preferably on a secondary market by a manufacturer who cares .
 I have used my DW735 planer for dimensioning rough cut cherry , pine , black walnut , fir , oak , and maple . I 've also used it for restoration of surface on worn oak , fir and maple . These blades wear out very quickly -- within a few dozen BF of materiel . I find a set of blades will last 2 hours of planing before they are too dull to allow wood to feed . For the cost of the blades I have used , I could have already purchased a ` real ' planer . I would not buy the DW735 again if I could do it all over again .
 I have been woodworking as a hobbyist and profesinal for 14 years and decided to treat myself to a new tool , I whent big with the Dewalt 735 , Out of the box what a great planer ! But after very , very little use the OEM blades were dull , I fliped them and bam 30 board feet -LRB- thats right 30 -RRB- of cherry , soft maple , and Elm later they were shot!I have since researched the problem and found myself with allot of company . There are now some afteermarked blades availible from infinity tools . I am trying to decide if i want to try these or return the planer.Don ' t be fooled by reviewers claiming that these OEM blades last as long as the knives on other bench top planers . I have used Delta and Ryobi bench top planers a great deal and have found there blades to last many , many times longer . How many times longer ? My last set on a delta benchtop lasted 1 year of my small shop production my DW735 did n't make 2 weeks . So much for increasing my efficency.DeWalt needs to get there act together quickly on this one . They have satisfied me in the past and I do n't want to lose faith . The planer would be fantastic with some tough HSS blades or even better , Carbide tiped blades .
 I only recently purchased the DeWalt 735 planer and have n't used it enough to wear out the OEM blades . They 've done fine for the limited use I 've put them to so far , but I bought it with fairly low expectations re
 The blades wear out quickly ca n't be sharpened and are expensive . Whet else is there to say .
 i found this tool on sale at a local store . being a very satified owner of the makita 12v impact driver , i made sure i could return the tool if it did n't measure up.got it home , charged it up and went to work . the tool felt great in my hand and really performed well . i was thrilled with my new toy when the battery began to croak while driving the 15th 3 '' screw into a soft pine log . i chalked it up to the brand new battery being not charged fully . i decided to do a side-by-side comparison . i charged my five year old makita 12v impact driver and my new hitachi . i ran three inch scews into pine logs . the makita was dead after 16 screws . the old makita burried 42 ! i hope hitachi can rectify this problem because this tool feels great and performs well when the batteries are fresh . if the battery does n't improve , they need to include two chargers and four batteries .
 These tables are almost a must with this planer . In my opinion they should come with the planer , so you might as well add on another -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks for these . What a dissapointment . Just another way for whoever to make more greenbacks .
 These are sold in combo with the Planer stand . Be careful they mount on the Planer not on the stand .
 These tables are scrap metal . Let me be clear that I think the planer itself is giant paperweight , but these were just the icing on the cake . It -LRB- the planer -RRB- lasted about a month in my home workshop . Thankfully I found someone looking for a planer for super light boards and I got rid of it . If you plane more than balsa wood or more than 3 boards in a month , find a heavier unit . You wo n't regret it .
 DeWALT 's 13 '' planer does need some kind of infeed and outfeed support , but these extension tables are not sufficient . They are formed of thin sheet metal , and easily deform/bow in the middle when planing anything stiff enough to need the tables . Both are made to fold up out of the way , but only the one on the infeed side can physically be folded up . The outfeed table will hit the planer if folded . Neither is made to be secured in place after folding up . However , both can be easily removed without tools . Also , adjustments are easily made with screws that use the planers integral hex wrench .
 I just bought my 735 recently so only used it very little . I also own the Dewalt 733 planer for about 6 years so I do n't think I will be disappointed with th 735 . My reason for writing here is about the folding tables not both folding up when not in use.Some people are concerned because the outfeed table does n't fold up for storage . I have no trouble folding my outfeed table up when it is not in use . Take the exhaust port attachment off , let the table stay down till you completely un wind the cord , push the table up and rewind the cord and with on wind of the cord wrap cord around the table . Finish wrapping the cord . Works fine every time for me . No design flaw here folks .
 This should come with the planer at no extra cost ... its like buying a car and having to buy the spare tire !
 I have a comprehensive shop -LRB- stationary tools , hand tools , etc. -RRB- Two years ago , I purchased one of these planers , and initally loved it . But running less than 1000 lineal feet of softwoods and hardwoods through it , have experienced numerous break downs - mainly due to parts in the cutterhead and roller drive assemblies just coming undone . Repaired it numerous times and now it sits idle - have just had it . -LRB- Also DeWalt 's website for replacement parts does not work well at all -RRB- I have put more time in repair and maintenance into this planer than all my other power tools combined - some of which have been running over twenty years.I own Delta , Porter-Cable , Skil , Hitachi , Makita , Bosch , etc - tools , but this is the last De Walt tool I will buy - period !
 I really wanted to like this planer , I read the reviews here on Amazon and it seemed like a nice planer . First of all the blades are terrible . Three reversable blades , easy enough to flip and change . But they screw into an aluminium shaft . I wonder how long the threads will last ? After 72 board feet of hard maple I need to buy new blades at $ 50.00 a set . 24 boards , 6 '' by 72 '' both sides . By no means a serious woodworkers planer . I will look into other knives possibly made by Infinity cutting tools . When the knives dull the height adjustment crank turns all by itself then the feed rollers stop feeding the boards . The depth of cut lock is very flimsy . I need to clamp the crank in position with vise grips . Keep in mind that I am only cutting 1/64 inch each pass . Took all day to plane 12 boards . The blades will dull at about 18 lf at 1/64 in . cut . Both infeed and outfeed and depth stop were supposed to be factory adjusted . Not one adjustment was even near correct . Very disapointed . The finish cut is great though . The machine seems fine except for the lousy blades . I hope I can find a good aftermarket blade for this machine . I ca n't afford to pay $ 50.00 every time I use my tools .
 I ran less than 100 foot of white pine and had to turn the blades over . Two of the bolts holding the blades were tightened from the factory too tight , and stripped out . I ended up drilling and using a bolt extractor to remove the two bolts . Buyer beware . . Dewalt has lost my respect as a quality tool maker .
 I purchased this planer about 2.5 years ago . If you asked my opinion of it at the time , I 'd have said that it was an overall a good planer for the money , with good build quality and good performance . The points I would have made with regard to areas of opportunity are snipe -LRB- count on losing 3 inches of material at either end -RRB- , the adjustment mechanism for the fold-down platforms at either end -LRB- set screws on the chassis of the machine , very close to the hinges ... so a 16th of an inch there equates to a quarter inch of lift on the end - the adjustment screws are very coarse and loose fitting , so fine tuning the platforms in an effort to minimize snipe is near hopeless -RRB- , and the plastic dust collection attachment -LRB- which , invariably , falls off or becomes loose when you attach a dust-collection hose , creating the loss of suction where you need it -RRB- . But all manageable , and not big enough complaints to warrant my returning it.Fast forward 2.5 years . I moved and had n't had an opportunity to use the planer for about a year -LRB- or any of my other woodworking tools , including lots of other DeWALT tools -RRB- . It was dry in a garage the whole time , and when I went to use it the other day , the carriage that houses the blades was essentially fused with rust to the vertical riser tubes -LRB- which I would have thought were stainless steel -RRB- . After 3 hours with WD-40 and some careful ingenuity , I was able to free the carriage , but the rust throughout the machine is so pervasive that I 'm not sure it will be usable . I should point out that none of the other tools that were kept in identical conditions exhibited any of these problems , including my DeWALT compound miter that sat right next to the planer the whole time . Surprising for a DeWALT tool . I have contacted customer service about this and will update this post with the results of that if they are favorable .
 worked for the first 5 boards -LRB- 6 ' long doug fir , approx . 50-100 years old -RRB- and then it stopped feeding reliably . looked on here and found that others had the same issue . unsure of the cause , but the bottom line is that it was n't feeding properly . tried calling dewalt , they were closed on the saturday . tried feeding to different parts of the table . tried feeding with less or more depth being taken off with each pass . tried to make sure it was being fed level and getting support along the way . nothing seemed to work.can ' t recommend this planer . while it worked great at first and seems to have a good build , it did n't feed correctly and there was a crack that i noticed later in the plastic motor housing , right above the `` e '' in the dewalt logo on the front .
 Budding hobbyist woodworker . My experience with this planer has made me permanently averse to Yellow Tools.I purchased the planer approx two years ago for a specific project . After delaying for six months , I finally took the planer out of the box . On the second board , it would stop pulling the board through . It would get stuck halfway through the planing , leaving black burn pits.This is my first review and considering how I utilize them , thought it wise to contribute.After paying nearly $ 400 , this was ridiculous ! I called the place of purchase and they said I needed to take the 90 pound tool the the DW repair center - by the airport 25 miles away.Getting busy and procrastinating , waited until the first of the year to haul it to the center.Guess what ? Yep , 30 days outside of warranty ! I swear , there were not 10 boards through the machine . They fixed it . Said it was a bad bearing . Charged me $ 130 . As it happens , should have waited another 25 days to purchase . Apparently there is a two year warranty now.It has operated well this summer , but now it is sniping terribly and doing the ` stutter ' when pulling boards through.Continuing to set up my woodshop and secretly laughed to myself after spending > $ 3000 on various tools and not a single one yellow .
 I purchased this planer a couple years ago to plane rough cut pine . It worked well out of the box and continued to do so for the first year . After about 1,000 bf of mainly pine the drive rollers started having trouble pulling material throught the cutterhead . I should have taken notice at this point and determined the problem , I may have been able to prevent the problems I now have . The bushings that support the rollers are very cheap and not designed for much use as there is no way to keep them adequately lubricated . As a result the bushings siezed on the shafts destroying the shafts and causing the chain drive and sprockets to break . This is going to be a fairly expensive repair so I am simply going to do minimal repairs to get by until I can purchase a better designed planer .
 After a short period of time and minimal use , this planer 's chain drive started feeding boards erratically , with the feed starting and stopping for no apparent reason . I had it repaired by the Dewalt repair shop and it worked fine initially . Now it 's doing the same thing . I spent $ 400 on the planer originally and another $ 150 to fix it . Worst $ 550 I 've ever spent ! This planer must have really cheap parts or a really bad design . I refuse to spend another dollar on it and will next buy a larger and heavier duty model -LRB- not Dewalt ! -RRB- .
 Being a professional woodworker since 1985 , I gave it one star because out-of-the-box it did a great job and the 3 M2 laminated steel reversible blades are superior to the HS steel , hands down . I could n't believe how much antique heart pine I planed in one blade change . Then came the blade change
 With sharp blades , this planer deserves a 5 star rating . The problem is , the knifes get dull far too quickly . Once the knifes are dull , even 1/32 '' cuts quickly overload the motor , and the thermal cut off activates . My blades became dull after cutting about 30 BF of soft wood -LRB- cedar -RRB- . Flipped the blades over , and 30BF later , dull blades , and overheating . At $ 50 per set , blades are EXPENSIVE .
 After less than 50ft of planing relatively clean oak , the knives became dull . I reversed them and got another 50ft before the knives became dull again . At $ 45 bucks a pop , these blades are too expensive to get less than a couple of hours of work out of them . I had a small Delta planer for several years , used it regularly , and only replaced the blades a few times.I like the machine , but DeWalt must fix the blade problem . Otherwise , it is a piece of crap . I 'm returning it .
 This glove was just OK ... I like the leather palm , but it just does n't fit as well as other gloves that I have tried . You can feel the seams in the fingertips and the glove left blisters on my hand , and blisters are caused by movement . Make sure you get a good fitting glove . The Mechanix Wear 4.0 glove is similar to this glove but with a better fit , any of those gloves are better than this pair .
 I work a 9-5 desk job and only use gloves for yard work on the weekends . I previously used those cheap-o leather utility gloves , but they would always came apart at the seams after a month or so . Then I got a pair of Carhartt leather work gloves as a gift . These were were much more comfortable and lasted several months before developing holes on the finger tip pad area . I like the nicer quality gloves but needed something more durable , so spent a good bit of time researching and finally decided on these Ironclad Ranchworx . They got lots of great reviews -LRB- 4.5 stars with 20 some reviews -RRB- and advertised to be reinforced in the finger pad area , so I ordered a set.The gloves arrived in two days -LRB- I love you Amazon Prime -RRB- and initially I was very happy with the quality and comfort . They fit snug but comfortable and the fingers all seemed to be about the right size , unlike some gloves where the pinky is the same size as the middle finger . Over the next few weeks I used them probably 4 times total , for an hour or two each time , doing yard work like splitting wood , shoveling , etc. . They felt nice and I was thinking I made a good buy until I noticed a hole forming in the top/side middle finger of the right glove . This is pretty disappointing given they cost 10x what the cheap leather gloves cost and even those last more than 6 hours . I uploaded a picture of the hole . The other glove is still in fine shape so not sure if this was a defect or something , but for $ 25 , the gloves should be better . I called Ironclad and the rep was courteous and told me to return them to Amazon , which I am doing.I 'm thinking I might try the work gloves from Duluth Trading company next and see if they hold up any better .
 The sprayer arrived double boxed in a couple of days . I unpacked it and it appeared to be fine so I put it in my shed . When I went to use it a month later I discovered the control handle & nozzle were defective because it WILL NOT shut off . Chemicals all over the place and all over me.Naturally my 30-day return period had passed and I coul n't be more pissed off with Hudson . Piece of crap right out of the box!Thaks
 I ordered this as a replacement - the exact same style number and size I already have . It is about six inches longer and waaay wider , the manufacturer must have changed it . Very disappointing as I am a small woman and can not find a safety vest that is n't longer than my shorts . Otherwise , the quality is good .
 I am so upset with this spray . I had to shut the water off and reattach the peice that connects the hose to the bottle about 10 different times . A couple times the top peice that covers the water sprayer popped off . The last time that the connector peice popped off the cover peice popped off as well and it came flying back into me and the top of the sprayer cut my hand . I have never been so disappointed and upset by a product in my hole life .
 Yes , I read all the instructions . I pushed in the little button to make the chemical flow . It worked great as I held it by the hose and by the bottle making sweeping gentle motions . The problem is that the bottle pressure fitting comes off . Once it comes off , it is over . Putting it back on , it remains loose and will either work for a 30 sec period of time , spray you in the face , or just pop off . Garbage product , Avoid .
 I purchased the Bayer Insect Killer for a bush that had beatles on it . I read the instructions . I set the pin in the right direction , attached my garden hose and upon turning on the faucet the water pressure -LRB- which is n't very high -RRB- blew the hose off of the sprayer with the exception of a blue ring that is the female attachment . For some dumb reason they designed this product with two pieces that work as what I can only figure as a compression coupling but not really . The second you try to tighten the hose end into this female fitting the female end from the sprayer pops right off . I agree with the others who have said the product then just gets all over you . I had it all over my clothes , skin and it even got in my eye which turned red and I immediately needed to shower . This is the dumbest set up that I have ever seen for a product . I bought it because there is a mail in rebate that cuts the price of the product in half compared to the others that were at the store . I guess that is why they are giving us a rebate on it . They know it has a poor design and is causing people all kinds of issues . As for the product , I do n't know if it works yet . Do n't buy this product in this sprayer . You will be sorry you did when you have inesct killer all over you .
 Ca n't believe I bought it and a refill bottle . Same story ... . hose popped off till I gave up . NEVER AGAIN !!!! Ca n't find a complaint email address and I 'm sure not gon na call a phone # to Lord knows where or send a letter . As others ... . label SOAKED along with ME.NEVER ... NEVER !!!!!!! Do n't BUY IT , You 'll regret it .
 I purchased four bottles of this stuff . I 'm angry , to say the least . The nozzle just does n't work . It sprays water but not insect killer . Then it comes off . I finally transferred the product to an Ortho Max container . Time will tell if the bug killer itself kills any bugs . I would not waist my time with this product again .
 I found the hose attachment and sprayer design to be very poorly made and subject to easy breakage.Bayer does make good and effective chemicals but this product is just about worthless .
 I do n't know yet how well this product works but using the Ready-to-Spray bottle will get more insect killer on you than the lawn . The female hose adapter leaks at both ends . Changing out the washer or adding a second one does not help . As a matter of fact , tightening the hose connection will just make it eventually pop off . I poured the contents into an Ortho lawn sprayer to get the job done . This cheap bottle only pollutes the environment ; they should quit making them.tds
 As another reviewer noted , the spraying mechanism is absolutely worthless . It took me well over an hour to spray most of my tiny yard . -LRB- I say most because I just gave up . -RRB- The hose attachment popped off no less than 12 times . It can not be reconnected while water is flowing , so be prepared to walk back to the faucet over and over and over again . The sharp plastic drew blood from my wet , poison covered hands at least twice while I struggled to pop it back on . The adjustment mechanism and spray shield both broke midway through use . After becoming frustrated , I once forgot to fully close the flow valve while walking back to the faucet - queue a face-full of insecticide . Since the warning labels were soaking wet , I could n't even read how dangerous the chemicals were . I decided to take a `` cold shower '' in the yard to dilute what was on my skin . After all , there was n't much dry clothing left on my anyways .
 Poor design :1 -RRB- The 1/2 '' pipe clamp has very thin and weak springs pushing the clutch plates ; without the pipe , plates/spring would easily fall out .2 -RRB- The idea of eliminating the need for threaded pipe is nice but poorly executed ; the clutch plates do not hold the pipe firmly thus allowing the clamp 's upper part to spin as you rotate the handle3 -RRB- The plastic clampshell cover is very flimsy which broke during shipment allowing the clutch plates & springs from all 4 of my clamps to fall out !
 The SAD Light Therapy Desk Lamp is bulky and just plain ugly ! I wish I had returned it right away .
 I work in a freezer full of frozen foods where the temp is consistantly 10 degrees fahrenheit . after 20 minutes with these gloves on plus a polypropelyne glove liner my fingers had already started getting numb.the padding around the fingers to keep them insulated is nonexistant.I like the dexterity and the grip from these gloves . That 's about it.for 49.99 though , I think the average person would be better off buying an extra large ski glove from walmart and layering that up with glove liners to keep warm during work .
 My fingers still got cold when using these gloves , and the outside temperature was n't even below freezing . They do work better than other gloves I have tried , but not anywhere good enough.They are also hard to grab things with the thick fingers.For the price and product description , they should keep my fingers warmer .
 I bought a pair of Ironclad Tundra Gloves for my brother for Christmas . He has a problem with keeping his hands warm outside in the cold . I was willing to spent whatever it took to get him warm gloves . I bought these thinking these were the best gloves money could buy . They were to small for him so I kept them for myself . First time I used them while snowblowing my driveway I damn near got frost bit fingers . My mucher cheaper lined leather gloves are much much much warmer . Do n't waste your money on these .
 The gloves are good for cold weather with 200g of insulation but for snow removal/wet snow removal in 30 min 's my hands were cold and still dry . I could see the break down in the glove 's ability to be waterproof . However I bought these gloves to keep my hands dry , waterproof , and warm . These gloves failed in the warm category . When the glove 's got wet and started retaining water my hands got cold this happened about 30 min 's into snow removal . The work part of the gloves has held up for being tough .
 The glove is n't very flexible and is hard to move in . It 's too big and bulky , and way too much money for what it is . I like the Youngstown gloves a lot better for winter work .
 I used these gloves for a day , riding a snowmobile . The leather tore in multiple spots , but my hands did stay dry . I did not use these gloves to the extent as I would for work at home . All in all I was pretty disappointed . Cheaper gloves have lasted me a whole season .
 I work in a freezer full of frozen foods where the temp is consistantly 10 degrees fahrenheit . after 20 minutes with these gloves on plus a polypropelyne glove liner my fingers had already started getting numb.the padding around the fingers to keep them insulated is nonexistant.I like the dexterity and the grip from these gloves . That 's about it.for 49.99 though , I think the average person would be better off buying an extra large ski glove from walmart and layering that up with glove liners to keep warm during work .
 My fingers still got cold when using these gloves , and the outside temperature was n't even below freezing . They do work better than other gloves I have tried , but not anywhere good enough.They are also hard to grab things with the thick fingers.For the price and product description , they should keep my fingers warmer .
 I bought a pair of Ironclad Tundra Gloves for my brother for Christmas . He has a problem with keeping his hands warm outside in the cold . I was willing to spent whatever it took to get him warm gloves . I bought these thinking these were the best gloves money could buy . They were to small for him so I kept them for myself . First time I used them while snowblowing my driveway I damn near got frost bit fingers . My mucher cheaper lined leather gloves are much much much warmer . Do n't waste your money on these .
 The gloves are good for cold weather with 200g of insulation but for snow removal/wet snow removal in 30 min 's my hands were cold and still dry . I could see the break down in the glove 's ability to be waterproof . However I bought these gloves to keep my hands dry , waterproof , and warm . These gloves failed in the warm category . When the glove 's got wet and started retaining water my hands got cold this happened about 30 min 's into snow removal . The work part of the gloves has held up for being tough .
 The glove is n't very flexible and is hard to move in . It 's too big and bulky , and way too much money for what it is . I like the Youngstown gloves a lot better for winter work .
 I used these gloves for a day , riding a snowmobile . The leather tore in multiple spots , but my hands did stay dry . I did not use these gloves to the extent as I would for work at home . All in all I was pretty disappointed . Cheaper gloves have lasted me a whole season .
 It took time and some air tools to round off that rusty nut , but afterall , if I am anything , I am a craftsman . And anything worth doing , is worth taking your time and doing right , right ? So I was -LRB- and still am -RRB- proud of that old rusty nut I rounded off . There it sits like a festering boil on the butt of my project . Hanging up my progress and wasting my time . You can imagine my pride . My joy.Never fear ! Irwin BOLT-GRIPPY Nut Extractor to the rescue!Those reverse spiral flutes made of High Carbon Steel would surely tear that stubborn old nut a new one.-Not Even Close - Old Rusty Nut - 1 , High Carbon Steel Flutes - 0 . Them High Carbon Steel Reverse Flutes sure look pretty all rounded off an all tho ... Like I say in my title - it did n't take long - and wha-la ! All them super tough flutes folded a round like a used foil pie plate . I did n't even have to use my air tools . -LRB- I must admit that I am one brut of a man , just for the sake of fairness and all , you understand -RRB- . And the best part of all is - I still have that rusty ol' boil of a nut to enjoy ! Now , where did I put that hammer and chisel ... ? Thanks Irwin !
 Maybe I 'm using these sockets in the wrong manner , they simply do not work . I read all the reviews about miracle extraction of rounded off bolts , so I bought a set from Amazon and was excited to try them as I have a rough project car with many issues -LRB- namely rust -RRB- . I was disappointed that these sockets barely even gripped the bolt head before slipping off uselessly . They simply do n't work . I had better success with Grip Tite sockets , but they have limitations too -LRB- wo n't fit in tight spaces , slips off rounded bolts , etc. . -RRB-
 I purchased this set to remove a frozen -LRB- stuck -RRB- oil pan plug . The set provided no help what so ever . It did nothing !
 I bought this tool to remove the bolts from my transmission pan . I was able to remove some of the bolts but not all of them . The tool itself stripped while trying to remove one of the bolts . The helical blades , or whatever you want to call them , simply gave way . Very poor quality . I would gladly pay more for a tool that works .
 Bought two , the faces are n't flat on either of them -LRB- one almost looks like an `` S '' -RRB- , returning and going for Pony or Rockler
 I purchased '' Irwin pipe clamps 3 years ago and I was very happy with them , recently I purchased an additional clamp to reinforce my clamping capacity . On first sight I saw that the design was slightly changed , the new one looks slightly slimmer compared to the picture and from the clamps I already had , but more seriously the new clamp performed very poorly . The sliding part is jammed all the time over the pipe during tightening action and you have to use your free hand to continuously releasing it in order to complete the job . I have many Irwin tools in my shop and I was very satisfied so far but this one was the last Irwin clamp I will ever buy .
 I ordered six of these in 1/2 '' , not thinking about the clutch system . Well when I got them I was not too thrilled with the working end with the clutch but figured I 'd give them a try . I think I used them a total of three times at work , what a pain ! The head just spins because there is no threads to keep them from doing so . Gave them two stars because they are made well but just have a design flaw . Stick with the threaded , every home center sells threaded pipe , and if they do n't its not too hard to have them threaded .
 I 've wrestled with these clamps for over a year now . I like my pony clamps much , much , much , much , much better . The problem lies in the whole threadless head assembly . since these clamps do n't use threads , the head is not securely attached and much of the clamping pressure is wasted as the moving part of the jaws bind against the pipe . The only thing I used to like about them is the pretty blue color . Now I hate that shade of blue . Honestly , they worked OK for the first 6 months but they just do n't work anymore .
 ... the `` Sure-Foot Aluminum Bar Clamps -LSB- from Rockler -RSB- are vastly superior -LSB- AND CHEAPER -RSB- . No more heavy and clumsy piping for me !
 I was really happy to see the new improved clamp design available from Irwin at a reasonable price . When I put the first one I had ordered together I could not figure where I had gone wrong , as the clamp did not sit flat on the bench top . I checked the product reviews online to find that the improper installation of the clutch plates is a pervasive issue . Very disappointing . Until I see that Irwin has addressed the issue I will look for alternative versions at Rockler.com as another user suggested , and continue using the Pony Clamps that are proven performers .
 Are you joking ? A 224134 Irwin clamp that sells for $ 9.50 with shipping of $ 7.00 each?What kind of corporate enticement is this by your company?Everyone else sells this piece for around $ 14.00 to 16.00 dollars with a reasonable shipping charge.Wake up Amazon !! I dont want to do business with this kind of corporate thinking ! I am interested in many of these clamps . Appears I need to find a smaller company to do business with .
 Well , since my first review I ordered ten more of these clamps and wow what a let down . As I expected reading the fine print on the back of the packaging revealed all the evidence I needed `` Made in China '' . The clutch plates on the fixed assembly side were installed improperly on all clamps with the long tab pointing down , this would not allow the clamp to lay flat on its back causing them to lay over on their side . In addition to that problem some of the holes bored in the floating assembly were out of line causing the floating jaw to jam on the pipe and become difficult to tighten . Irwin should inspect their products more closely especially when they are charging more than the American made Pony clamps .
 The concept behind these pipe clamps is great , but I had exactly the same problem that Dana Vogel did -LRB- we 're not related -RRB- . Specifically , the clutch plates on the fixed side were installed upside down so that the long tabs point down . As a result , the clamp can not lay flat , which completely defeats the entire purpose of these clamps . There is absolutely no excuse for this kind of obvious mistake , and a company with a reputation like Irwin should never , ever have allowed this to happen . The fact that another person here experienced the same problem leads me to believe that Irwin has enormous quality control problems . I will definitely be returning these . I plan to replace them with the similar ones recently released by Rockler even though the Rocker clamps require a threaded pipe .
 I purchased five of these clamps expecting the non-threaded attachments would be a great thing . I had two disappointments . First , the lack of threads allow the clamp to twist on the pipe . It is hard to get them tight without using both hands . Secondly , and the most disappointing , is that the movable part of the clamp that should slide up and down the pipe to tighten on the work binds on the pipe more often than not and prevents you from getting good pressure on the item being clamped . I tried wire brushing the pipes thinking that they had rough spots on them but it did not help the situation .
 I purchased several of the 4 '' and 6 '' Irwin c-clamps and was immediately disapointed . Not only is the `` double threaded screw '' slow to adjust -LRB- you have to turn it twice as many times to tighten -RRB- it becomes difficult and binds before the screw reaches the maximum opening distance . The second time I used them one of the clamps broke while I was tightening it right at one of the bends in the `` c '' casting and gave my thumb a heck of a whack . I use c-clamps almost every day in my work as a boatbuilder and this has never happened with any of the `` Adjustable Clamp '' brand clamps that are in use at the shop . These clamps are pretty to look at but not worth the money . I would have given them one star but I was able to complete the glue-up successfully .
 I used this clamp to press the piston back into a brake caliper on a car . For comparison , my dirt cheap 6 '' c-clamp from an off-brand distributor has done this many , many times over the last few years . This one twisted like a pretzel the first time I used it.Update
 I used this wrench to twist out concrete form pipes , and the bottom jaw broke in two . Like many other companies , it seems IRWIN quality is becoming questionable . The material used for this tool is very low quality . It might work fine for light-duty use , but since when is wrenching pipes a light-duty task ? Very disappointed .
 I received one of these as a gift and must say that using it has been a very frustrating experience . Unlike a standard pipe wrench , you can not set the jaw distance and expect it to stay . For some reason the jaws always slip off the pipe . If you are working on something that has an irregular surface -LRB- like a big bolt -RRB- it is fine , but if the material is smooth -LRB- like a pipe -RRB- forget it - the jaws will not grab the material . I spent so much time screwing around with this that I finally threw it away out of frustration .
 I am a big fan of simplehuman products because of their functionality and sleek design and own many of their products . This product however , provided an unreliable hold as it did not adhere to the inside of the kitchen cabinet that I attached it to . Initially I thought I did not stick it on hard enough , but tried many times only to see that after a few minutes it continued to produce an unreliable hold . If you do n't mind that this product wo n't stick to your cabinets , then go ahead and purchase it - it 's functional otherwise .
 This product is nice looking and attractive ; looks great with updated kitchen appliances , unfortunately it falls short in that it is so small , it hardly holds more than about 12 bags . Not functional at all .
 While I 'm a firm believer that everything has it 's place , I believe that my wife came up with a better/cheaper alternative than simplehuman . Empty Kleenex or tissue dispensers work perfectly . Only one bag comes out at a time , and they come in enough sizes/colors/patterns to match any decor .
 As other reviewers have mentioned , the peel off tape strips on this unit will not hold it in place for very long . Additionally , the screws provided to mount the unit are too small . The screw head is not wide enough in diameter to securely hold the unit.Several customers have complained about this yet the manufacturer continues to include incorrect hardware.Not impressed.On a positive note , this item is made in Taiwan and NOT in China . Amazing !
 I got this item based on the reviews and have to admit it is awfully inconvenient - getting bags in and out is a big hassle .
 so i recently moved . in my old place i had this product and had purchased it from bed bath and beyond . it was fabulous , worked great and held many of my bags . upon moving i decided it was simpler and easier to order it from amazon.com - firstly it arrived with out screws and the tape appears old and will not stick to my wall . since i have already opened this package i have to keep it , but i 'm gon na throw it out because its useless and falls off my wall all the time ! -LRB- i even added additional double sided tape and this has not worked , and since it did n't come with screws i ca n't even screw this into the wall ... -RRB- bottom line
 Am I the only one who likes the name of the company `` simplehuman '' ? A definite marketing win . Unfortunately , this product does n't really deliver -LRB- incidently , not the first time I 've been let down by simplehuman items -RRB- . Attached it to the wall , and it fell down after a couple of weeks . Re-attached . 2 weeks . Re-attached -LRB- using different method -RRB- . 1 week . This went on for several months until it fell , mortally wounded , by the water heater in my laundry closet . Did n't pick it up until I moved house last month . Ended up in the dump.PS . Also , really does n't hold many bags ... could n't keep up with the amount we accumulate in my 2-person household .
 I prepped the areas as directed , and the thing wo n't stay up with the tape strips provided . It stayed on just long enough for me to have recycled the packaging it came in , and so I likely ca n't return it and get my money back . I tried mounting it on a cabinet door , then once that fell off , to the underside of a cabinet shelf , but it fell off again . Also , it only held 20 bags as opposed to the `` up to 30 '' as advertised . Only holding 2/3 of the advertised number is not ok with me . Overall , very disappointed .
 This item is a great idea . . if the sticky worked . I 've had to replace the stick tape with my own . Blerg . Really annoying to keep having to stick it back up .
 I bought this bag holder because I had other items to buy anyway , and it solves a problem that currently , I simply do n't have a weekend to solve myself . While attractive and sized reasonably well , any sturdy box with two holes cut in it will fill this function . For me , with two cats to clean up after , its a touch on the small side , but I 'll live with it.However , my inspiration for writing this review came from my experience installing the holder on a wood cabinet door . First , I noticed that the sheet metal used to craft the body is tissue-thin ; not a problem for retaining bags , but clearly it can be dented easily . Second , as I hand-tightened the screws -LRB- after drilling pilot holes I might add -RRB- I accidentally twisted the heads off . That 's right , hand-tightening - twisted the heads off the screws . Wood door . This is my first simple human product purchase and it will be my last due to its cheap craftsmanship . C'mon , guys !
 I want to concur with the other comments about problems with this dispenser holding to a surface using adhesive . I think it has something to do with the surface to which it 's being attached , the adhesive used , and the fact that you press down when you insert bags and pull out when you remove them.When the supplied double-sided adhesive gave out -LRB- after a few weeks -RRB- I tried several different brands of double-sided tape . Nothing worked.If I could have used screws then this would be perfect . Unfortunately the doors and sides of my cabinets are too thin for them to work well.If you have some place where you can screw this down then it will be a perfect dispenser . If you will need to depend on adhesive then -LRB- as you can see from this and other reviews -RRB- some times it will work and some times it wo n't .
 I mounted this using the self-adhesive strips that are on the holder , and after a couple months I found it had toppled to the floor and the plastic cracked . It seems wrong to pay this much money for a grocery bag holder and the self-adhesive does n't work . Better to buy the $ 2 one from Ikea !
 Bought this because of the great general reviews but very disappointed . Size is not really large enough for many bags and once it is full it 's hard to work with . To me seems to fill fast and is not as well thought out as say one from Ikea we 've had . Will go back there and chalk this off as a bad buy
 Horrible . This thing falls off the wall constantly , it is hard to stuff bags in and hard to get them out . NO WAY does it hold the amount of bags it says ... . after 20 they are in there so tight the thing just flings off the wall from all your PULLING . Plus , you have to hold it down with the other hand which just gets finger prints all over it . I am going to buy one of those simple fabric holders my mom used to have . Those held a ton of bags and it was easy to work it . Just hang the tube from a hook , simple . Save your time and money on this one ... unless you are only looking for the `` Bling bling '' and could care less about it actually holding bags that you are going to need in the future . Oh yeah , I tried the sticky tape vs the screws and it pulled the paint off my pantry door . Nice ! Thanks a lot Simplehuman !
 This is the most disappointed Simplehuman product . I attached it on the wall and it keeps FALLING down ! It keeps my life not SIMPLE!My recommendation is
 I have not tried screwing this in to the wall , but the adhesive strips on it do NOT hold it up . I put it under my counter , and it falls down several times a day .
 There are two primary problems to this device . The first was putting bags into it . The second was getting bags out of it . The third was how many time it fell off the cabinet door . The fourth was how many times it fell out of the cupboard and landed on my toes after I gave up attaching it back to the door . You can think of these as two problems or four . Using it and storing it are the primary problems.Almost every single time I tried to put bags in the top of the thing , they jammed . Same with putting them in the side vent . My hands are very small so while I could struggle with getting them out -LRB- while scratching my hands -RRB- , my husband could n't reach in it at all . When I took bags out they invariably tore . I kept the device only because it worked every blue moon and that still improved on the loose bags under the sink.The connection ? Worthless . It fell off the inside of the cupboard door , constantly . When I finally gave up and just put it under the sink , it fell out on my toes -- exactly one too many times . And THAT was how it ended up in the trash can .
 This is not a good buy . The tape sent to keep it on the wall does not work properly . I would not recommend this product .
 I got the product , and it did NOT come with any screws it 's a tool mount , but it didnt come with mounting supplies ??? the actual product is effective but i had to go out and get screws when i could have just went out and bought the product . the descriptino did not impply that it came without the screws , it did however immply that it was `` complete ''
 One of the two clips that hold the waste bag cover on kept falling off . The third time I had most of the dust bag contents back on the floor.Metro offered to repair it but I 'd have to pay shipping ; I returned it to Amazon instead .
 I 'm glad I did n't buy a Straitline Laser Tape . The clerk in the tool dept. at Home depot tested it in my presence . No measurement was correct . And no measurement was the same when scanned twice.Was this product successfully tested before marketing ? I am not impressed with this company.Sincerely , Tom Grandia
 Received it as a gift . The concept seems good , but even after frequent calibrations , it rarely got the same results twice . It just produced a meaningless mini-light shows.It seems odd that this product gets either a 5 or a 1 with the majority being 1 . I suspect the reviews have been salted . Do not buy it unless you are giving it as a prank gift .
 This stud finder just does not work ! Stud finders purchased 15 years ago are 10 times more accurate than this unit . If you plan on buying this unit anyway , also purchase buy a couple of very small drill bits . Before you tear up your sheetrock , drill a pilot hole with small drill bit to test the stud finders results .
 I had never used an electronic stud finder before I purchased this particular tool . I took it over to my mom 's house because we needed to hang something from the studs . This thing falsed left and right . It never seemed to find a single stud . In the end , I gave up on it.I ended up taking it back and bought a Zircon StudSensor Pro SL . The Zircon had no problem finding a studs . On the first try , it found a stud . Then found the next one , and the next one . It was right every time -LRB- I was drilling into the wall -RRB- . I 'm just amazed at how bad the Strait-Line was compared to the Zircon .
 -- I ended up smashing this thing with a hammer -- It needed to be put out of my misery . > Another fine product from crapco where quality is just a word < I bought it to see if it would work better then the basic zircron I had . Well if completely arbitrary readings are what you want , this is your unit . A roll of wet toilet paper would work as well , and not have the annoying high pitched beeping.man was this thing bad.No , really it was no good at allseriously , it was junk
 Biggest piece of junk I have ever bought . It could not find studs properly . I trusted it and now have a whole in my wall that I have to pay someone to come and fix !!!!! It said there were two studs within 16 inches apart . I was putting up a wall niche and needed to cut out between them . IT WAS SO WRONG !!!!! It could n't tell there was a stud in the middle at the 8 inch mark !!!! I could have done better throwing darts at the wall and going by were they landed !!!! . Please do not buy this .
 Bought this model - did n't work . Reread the instructions 3 times and tried many different surfaces - would never calibrate - always just kept beepingBought the Zircon Studsensor Pro SL AC for the same price -LRB- within a buck or so -RRB- - worked right out of the package . I also liked that you could switch the Zircon from 3/4 '' to 1 1/2 '' depth . These units say they detect live AC electric lines - but you 'd be a fool to trust it IMHO - make sure the circuit is dead .
 Like many others have said , does n't calibrate right ... . NO TWO READINGS ARE THE SAME . Half the time my WHOLE WALL was a stud . This is a terrible product . I searched for help , and found none . I even went and bought a new battery thinking it would do the trick , and nothing . Now I have to waste MORE of my time in getting a different one .
 This is arguably the worst tool I have owned in 40 + years of home repair . Not only does it not work , it makes an obnoxious high-pitched beep that will drive the average person crazy.Total garbage . You have some nerve selling this on Amazon .
 Deserves zero stars . I received one as a gift . Worked fine the first day out of the box , but the next day it went nuts -- every inch of my wall had a stud under it according to the finder -- and has n't worked since . I 'm just glad I did n't waste my own money on it .
 I received this as a gift and it has never worked correctly . It never calibrated and hence was useless . Save your money .
 This tool is supposed to do just one job
 I was very happy with this lamp , until it suddenly stopped working for no reason at all after about a year . The lamp was never so much as bumped - it just quit working one day . I 've tried three new bulbs in it , so it 's definitely the lamp . Avoid this lamp !
 I bought this elsewhere - at the popular Lamps place -LRB- chain - couple of dollars more -RRB- . I loved the look and feel of this -LRB- has satin finish nickel or stainless , I 'd say -RRB- . It 's heavy and weighted well at the base and it 's a handsome design . The problem is that it does get so hot when dialed up on the dimmer switch to maximum - 100 watts . Family was all here when suddenly it `` exploded '' - lol . Just made a loud `` pop '' and it was gone . We opened it up by removing the glass cover to see if it was just the halogen bulb that had exploded but it was a lot more than that ! The wires leading to the bulb were all black as was the metal behind it in the cover on the inside . It was cooked . This concerns me as had it been left on when we were n't in the room , could it have caught fire on a different occasion ? I did call the mfg.company and she was `` real appreciative for letting her know '' - thank you and goodbye . I could try returning it to the store , she suggested , but I do n't know how long I 've had it and I really do n't want a replacement under the circumstances . It 's too bad - the company does n't care , clearly , and with others here mentioning how hot it gets , it tells me there 's a problem -LRB- though not according to the customer service ! -RRB- .
 This lamp gets very very hot ! Made in China . Frame was bent when I received it . Very bad fit and finish . I can not overstate how hot this lamp gets . I should have purchased a led lamp . Do n't waste your money on this . This lamp is worth $ 15 at most .
 I purchased this lamp for my home office desk . When I opened the carton , it appeared to me that some of the white foam packing had got too hot and the power cord had white residue all over it , so I had to scrub that off before even trying out the lamp . The halogen bulb bur n't out after one half hour use , a complaint another reviewer had also made . When it was still working , even at the highest brightness setting , it did not cover my whole desk area , and I had to move things closer to read them clearly . Also , it throws off a tremendous amount of heat , and the desk area directly below the lamp 's light got quite warm . I returned the item .
 Eurostyle sells this for more -LRB- NOTE , like many of their lamps there is no BRAND name , and EUROSTYLE doe not publish reviews even though there is a space for reviews there , they are all empty !! -RRB- and its a DUD . Overheats , bulb burns out immeditately . Avoid like the plague
 The lamp is great . It has a nice non-obtrusive design that fits on any desk . I am particular fond of the adjustable light intensity . However , it arrived bend . It was not a transport problem , it rather appeared to be a production problem . The aluminum light-bulb holder was bend and sticking out of the casing . Nothing one can not fix , but who wants to disassemble a brand new lamp ?! I heard their customer support is pretty rude and useless , so I never bothered wasting time contacting them and fix the lamp myself .5 stars for a good lamp -3 for production and customer support
 Positive
 Pros
 I ordered two for my shower ligths existing in my home . Both showed up broken due to the cheap plasit material that this thing was made of . I purchased a LED trim module that works great instead .
 I like a nice bright light for my shower , and even when I put a daylight bulb it still is too yellow for me as the glass trim glow yellow when lit up . Not happy with product ... will look for other trims .
 Our neighborhood bike bandit did n't seem to have any problem cutting through this lock and now our bike is gone . It looked impressive when we got it but it was cut with a single , smooth cut . It would keep the neighborhood kids from making off with your bike but not an actual thief .
 Okay for small town use , but not for a big city where bike theft is the # 1 crime . I got my crappy Magna bike stolen in the ` nicest ' neighborhood that was locked up on my friend 's front porch .
 Yes , it 's high-visibility . Yes , it 's orange . Yes , it might meet ANSI standards.WHERE ARE THE POCKETS ? The vest accomplishes the basic function of safety -- but without pockets , it becomes a hindrance . Oh , and it is mesh too .
 This beautiful level set arrived from Amazon in a plastic bag - not a cardboard box , not a mailing tube , not even bubble wrap but taped together in a plastic bag . Of course there was damage but it was small so I decided to keep it which is probably what Amazon was counting on . I 'm tired of fighting with Amazon and talking with people from India who have no idea what is normal or correct in the USA . From now on I 'll pay for shipping and deal with a smaller company that cares about it 's customers and reputation and that I can talk and reason with . Oh - the levels are great .
 If you threw away the spray handle and replaced it with a different one this would be a great product . The trigger mechanism will pinch your skin , glove every time you release it . Save yourself the hassle and buy the hudson with a plastic trigger.My dad 's -LRB- with the plastic handle -RRB- is about 8 years onld , and the only time it leaked , he called Hudson and they sent him new parts at no charge .
 I like Gladiator GarageWorks stuff , but I do n't like that the company chose to package these two types of hooks together . The J hooks are much more useful , and I have many more unused L hooks lying around .
 The J-hook hanger works well for shallow tools , like a crescent wrench or box end wrenches . The L-hook is functional for items that have a moderately large haning hole . However , the L-hook does n't work well for smallish holes that the J-hook would work for , the covering on the L-hook is too thick and more like a foam than a plastic coating -LRB- the kind you get on Channel Lock brand pliers -RRB- . The thicker , tacky coating on the L-hook limits the kind of tools it will hold . If you pull a tool off to quickly the tackiness can cause the hook to come off the gear track/wall .
 The ball style plunger is by far the most useful tool in clearing a clog in my professional plumber opinion . The part I do n't like about this particular one is the rubber is too soft especially near the handle connection . If you need to clear a clog , buy this style rather than the home depot special , but look for a better quality rubber .
 I used this tarp to cover a hot tub . The tub has an insulating foam cover and sits next to my house on a patio . It was exposed to the full sun for about 4-6 hours a day . I was hoping for at least a year of use out of a tarp of this weight . Within 6 months the tarp had started to flake apart and the seams started to separate.This may be a good tarp for some use but not for full exposure to the sun .
 or should i say this is the best thing ever happened to me ? . . Currently I have the Maglite mini and when I compare this little thing side by side it almost projects the same light in short range with an incredible size . Ca n't believe how small this thing is -LRB- smaller than it looks in pics -RRB- and you can dim or brighten the light as much as you want , in addition with the Morse Code mode with Automatic S.O.S Signal in an emergency situation which can be seen from far distance . . Since I just opened the box , I am not sure if it will stay durable later on , but other than that , it is a must have addition to your key chain.-UPDATE AFTER 1 YEAR
 Only 2 starts because I specially wanted the covert model but got the standard instead.One button function selection takes a while to get used to.Besides that good quality and powerful keyring lamp .
 I was under the impression this would be bright enough to help my wife if she needed a light on our car keys , it 's small but , it 's very dim . -LRB- Maybe I just got a bad one -RRB- .
 I have used photons and given them as gifts since they first came out for over 15 years . By far , the original design with NO circuits is the best . It is just a case , two CR2016 batteries , an LED , and a clear plastic switch . It works well , is very tough and can handle some water inside.This last light I got from this link was awful . The LED color was more blue than even my first light from 15 years ago . This is pathetic since all the improvements in LEDs since then . This model has no switches and only relies on pressing the center button . I found the button logic confusing and unhelpful -LRB- 5 different light modes , really , it is just a flashlight ! -RRB- . It is a pain when 99 % of the time you just want a simple light . I often got it into the flash mode , what good is that ? After 3 months of very light use it failed . My Photon II micro light lasts two years between battery changes.Do not get this light :1 -RRB- it is too delicate and unreliable .2 -RRB- It is less convenient with all those modes .3 -RRB- there are better versions out there , like the Photon II micro light.Get the Photon micro light , it will last forever : LRI PWK Photon II LED Keychain Micro-Light , White Beamif you want something more slick , get this light . I just got it and it is cool , but I can not vouch for how long it will last : Energizer High Tech LED Keychain Light with 3 Modes
 It took three until I found one that worked - and then it was still buggy . You ca n't simply press the button and have it turn on . It 's a complex set of instructions . Press . Hold . Press again . Hold for a certain amount of time . The next time it * may * remember the previous setting , but usually not . If you just need a simple keychain flashlight , skip it . Too many bells and whistles to be actually useful .
 Get the original lightwedge , not this one . The original is glass , not plastic and does n't scratch or have those annoying circles . Seriously , the original is fantastic and the best on the market !
 Lousy , dim product . All I can add to the other negative reviews -LRB- other than my agreement -RRB- is that concentric ripples of light and dark emanate from the diodes . Not only is it too dim to read with in the first place , but you have to read across the alternating circles of light and dark ... -LRB- Amazon edited out the rest of my comment , which was that I planned to return the item the next day . -RRB-
 A lot of the reviewers must have written in the first week that they got their LightWedge . It 's a wonderful honeymoon -- the light is even , and the product is well-designed . After that honeymoon , though , the relationship falls apart . The LightWedge is EXTREMEMLY prone to scratches , and despite coddling it and keeping it in its case at all times , mine became so scratched as to be ususable after just a few weeks . It 's a great idea , but until this product can withstand gentle , everyday use you should avoid it .
 As other reviewers have noted , this product emits a light that is too dim for easy reading . Also , the wavy pattern it produces is visually distracting . LightWedge customer service will NEVER admit that anything might be wrong with their products or that individual customers might find their products unsatisfactory . I recommend that you do not buy this book light .
 I was trying to remove the page holder thingy and was pulling rather hard on it , when it popped out it put a great big scratch along the top of the acrylic lens . Great ... I love damaging a pricey doodad within the first five minutes of owning it . Also , the bright/dim switch did n't work . There was only one lighting level . I 'm returning it for that reason . So far , I 'm not impressed .
 LightWedge Reading LightBreathtakingly , fantastically poorly designed power supply for a great idea realized as a too-expensive product that works pretty well until you use it very much.The spring clip that creates the circuit is all-but-guaranteed to fail because of how it is designed and because of the cheap , weak plastic used to fabricate the battery housing . I wish I 'd known about this poor spring design and the cheap plastic that was evidently supposed to have held it in place.The spring is a leaf-type spring held in place by a couple of ultra-flimsy little plastic lips that have broken off flake by splinter during normal battery changes . Getting the spring into the right place during a battery change is a horribly frustrating exercise in luck-seeking because the spring , now living an independent life free of attachments , has to be held in place by sheer stubborn exertion of will.The on-off switch is broken , the result of a drop from a height of about six inches followed by impact on a plastic laminate countertop , a drop that occurred in the course of the battery-change wrestling extravaganza.The sad thing is that it did n't have to be this way . Whoever designed this product obviously was concerned with making the most money in exchange for the least value , and they sacrificed quality , durability , and ease of use in order to get where they wanted to go.For this price , this item should be built to last .
 I was really displeased with this product . It 's horribly dim lighting and distorted lines across the page . The batteries are difficult to jam in also . I 'm sending this back .
 Purchased used , and boy was it used ! I should have been suspicious when I saw the box . It was deformed , crushed , etc.When I tried to use it it looked like somebody had used steel wool to clean the plastic . The Book light when new hadBlack plastic edges attached to three sides - two of these were missing . Piece of crap . Too much trouble to send backAmazon , don ' t do business with whoever posted this item ...
 It shipped via USPS , so by the time it finally arrived , I was full of anticipation.First of all , the worst problem , was that it was too dim . The moire patterns were weird and slightly green . Maybe my unit was faulty , but there is no way anybody could read anything on the high setting , much less the low setting . The brightest part was on the edge , which meant the light was aimed squarely at my sleeping husband . It really needs more diodes , but that would be such a battery drain.Second problem , no AC adapter was available.Then there were other problems like it was too small and dim for a standard textbook , and way too large for a paperback . The included clip to have it hang on the page did n't work , it was constantly falling onto my lap when I put it on my beloved tilted rolling reader 's table . Also , like the other reviewers have said , it scratches up immediately , as well as fingerprints get all over its surface .
 The LightWedge has a gorgeous design , but the light is too dim for reading . The directions say that if the light is too dim to make sure all the batteries are working and inserted properly . I did this many times and still the light was too dim on the brightest setting . I have good eyes . I wonder how one product could be viewed -LRB- literally -RRB- so differently by the people who love this light . Again , the design and packaging are lovely . The light is too dim .
 Very disappointed with this product . It leaves circular shadows on the book page . Would have returned it but my spouse threw packaging away before I tried it .
 I purchased this for my mother who needed a more direct source of light for reading.She used it without complaining so I thought it was serving its purpose . Now that she has passed on , I wanted to give it to my mother in law who is also elderly . After inserting new batteries and turning it on , I realized that the light is not visible when other light is available . It provides a `` glow '' in a well lit room . The only way this Lightwedge could be effectively utilized is if it is placed over a page in a room without light . Had I known of this product 's limitations , I would have returned it for a full refund and purchased a flashlight instead .
 The lightwedge reading light does work , however the light is very uneven which is hard on the eyes . The glass wedge has a soft finish which is prone to scratching . This was a waste of money.LightWedge Paperback Book Light , Black
 This is a great little gadget if you do n't mind spending -LSB- money -RSB- on a light that is n't all that great for either bed side reading or traveling.The way it works is two light emitting diodes are built into the black handle of the unit . They are powered by 4 ` AAA ' batteries . The light shines through the plastic screen . Thus , much of the light is captured -LRB- not really , but it is easier to explain this way -RRB- within the plastic panel . When placed over the pages of a book , the light captured in the panel is sufficient to read the page.First , the Pros : - Great Design and well engineered.-Adequate light if you really share a bed with someone who ca n't stand even the smallest of clip on book lights.Cons : - Expensive . ... - The light weight plastic screen will scratch , as the unit does n't come with a case . Throw it in a backpack or a briefcase for a few business trips and you are sure to scratch this up . It 's best left on the bedside table , ideally in a book as a bookmark or in the box it came in.-Not great for mass market paperbacks . It is a pain to turn the pages and move the light . The smaller the book , as mass market paperbacks are , the more you have to juggle the book and the LightWedge . So , if you read primarily paper backed books or are a very fast reader , it will get annoying to use this product.-The light is adequate ; I would not say it is ideal by any means . This book light is not nearly as powerful as the classic Might Bright and thus you may find that your eyes are strained when reading for extended periods of time with this little gadget .
 Eagerly anticipating the LightWedge to be a great device and a potential gift for many , I ordered it immediately . I vote thumbs way down on this gadget.This review is an edit of an earlier one I posted . Now that I 've spent some serious time with this gadget , I feel comfortable saying it is a poor performer compared to other lights out there . . The way it works is two light emitting diodes are built into the black handle of the unit . They are powered by 4 ` AAA ' batteries . The light shines through an piece a flat , clear plastic screen . The light spreads through the plastic sheet and comes out on the other edge . When placed over the pages of the book , you are actually looking through the light onto the page.There are several problems with this device . First , the light is not that bright and will cause eye strain . Second , it is annoying to keep moving the device as you flip each page . Third , it is not ideal for travel as it will scratch if not carefully packed . Over time , the screen could be scratched to a point where you might still be able to read through it but with added strain to your eye.My advice , stick with clip on lights . There are several that are cheap , durable , and their designs have improved since they first came out.Cheers !
 I thought this was the solution to the problem of trying to do some late-night reading without disturbing my hubby . However , it turned out to be a major disappointment because it does n't carry out the basic function of a reading light ; ie , provide enough light to read by . The two lamps cast a light that is dim and streaky ; the page is legible , but only with severe eye strain ... Great idea , but needs more LIGHT !
 I gave one to my wife for Christmas and she has found it to be too dim . It is also a hassle when reading paperbacks -LRB- too much flipping back and forth -RRB- , and large format books -LRB- it is too small for large format books -RRB- . Interesting idea , but needs more refinement .
 the lamp is not bright enough . Sad to say that Oprah 's recommending this product was a poor choice . we returned the lamp and requested a refund .
 I echo the other negative reviews on this site . I saw 28 positive reviews which was enough to make me ignore the negative ones . Bad idea . The light is entirely too dim , and , yes , I fiddled with the batteries many times . Total disappointment .
 I tried to change the batteries . Three were difficult to remove , and the 4th one - impossible . So it is useless to me
 I found the LightWedge book light unacceptable . My chief complaint is that the unit 's light illumination is wholly inadequate for nighttime reading . IMHO , if a nighttime book light ca n't adequately illuminate the page then , regardless of all other positive factors , it fails.In addition , to it 's weak illumination , the light beams , which emanate from only two LEDs on the handle side , produce a light ripple through the plastic reading panel . In effect , you end of with alternate bands of light intensity . The light bands , combined with an anemic light and panel scratches combine to create a frustrating experience.Larger or additional LEDs would solve the illumination level issue but I suspect the manufacturer made a calculated decision to favor battery life and/or profit . Of course , even with brighter light you 're still left with the light band issue . -LRB- I suspect there is plastic technology out there which could more evenly spread the light and be scratch resistant but it 's not in this product -RRB- . Since there are many favorable reviews here , the problems I 've sighted are , apparently , not a problem for some . So , you 'll have to check out the light for yourself and come to your own conclusion .
 Although it looks good , its quality is too bad and coarse.It is very loose . Such a product does not even worthy $ 1 . And useless!I would not recommend such product .
 Why ca n't somebody , preferably the manufacturer , just step forward and say how far the wrench opens ? Is that to much to ask ?
 i bought this wrench because of the reviews and because of the stanley name but apparently noone who has reviewed this item has given it a real test . i bought this wrench specifically for changing the tires on my bike because i did n't have any wrenches . i 'm 29 year old male and this wrench would not hold tight to anything . it seems good and tight at first but if you need to put some REAL torque on it , it will be completely useless . this being the case , this wrench is only good for light use . this is sad because i wasted my money paying for the stanley name when i could 've reached the same result with a $ 3 generic cheapie from big lots . please heed my warning and go buy a craftsman .
 From the photo , one might guess this would be a precise adjustable wrench . The movable part is not machined to a good tolerance and wobbles considerably so when set to an exact size , the adjustable part moves somewhat ... my guess is cheap Chinese quality . I wont but Stanley tools anymore . it would be helpful if Amazon would publish the country of manufacture
 The product claims to have `` extra wide jaw capacity '' which made me think it would be slightly larger than my existing wrench and would fit the fitting I need to get it on . But the max jaw width was n't really wide at all - it 's exactly the same as my current standard wrench . The product description does n't even say what size it opens to . This is not an extra wide adjustable wrench .
 Too big and bulky . Very cumbersome to work with and really does n't stand out that much more than any other tape measure on the market . A marketing gimmick not worth the investment .
 Bought this to try since I usually work alone and could often use a little extra `` reach '' on my tape . While this one does provide a little more than my old Stanley Powerlocks , that feature is worthless because of all the effort required to get the lock to engage . By the time I get it locked I 've shaken the tape so much that I might as well have been carrying a little pocket tape . I had hoped that after using it awhile that the lock would `` break in '' and become usable , but just the opposite happend - adding a little dirt made it almost impossible to lock at all . Also noticed that because of the large arc in the blade that the end tab needs to be longer ; it does n't want to stay hooked as well as my other tapes . Add in the overall bulk of the case and this is possibly the worst tape I 've ever owned .
 The horizontal stand-out is impressive but the blade lock that requires two hands to engage is a deal breaker . Also due to the wide blade the tape will not extend far when the numbered side is facing you with out the tape flopping to the ground .
 Must be just mine as I have n't see another review that mentions this . The thumb locking button is a real pain to push to get the tape measure to lock in place . I have a tough time doing it with 1 thumb.I never thought of this before , maybe my expectation for this well known tape measure had my hopes up , but I 'd love it if this tape measure did n't buckle when holding it sideways . You can only read the tape if you are holding it below head level . Sometimes you have to take a reading overhead and need to hold the tape sideways so you can read it . Does anyone make a tape measure that is sturdy somewhat when it 's being used sideways ?
 I 'm normally a big Stanley fan . But , this tape got one attempted use by me and I ordered a different one the next day . The lock button either does not work or it is the first time I have been unable to make one work . Either way , obviously not for me . The retracting of the tape is sticky and took two hands to reel in . Very disappointed . May have been simply a lemon on its own , but it is the one I got and for which I am sharing this review , just in case there might be a second lemon of this model out there . Certainly would not recommend ordering this on line . Find one you can try working in person before spending the money .
 This is a good tape and I have many of them ... at least 10 on hand and have gone though maybe 5 or 6 . In the last couple years trying to make life easier while still doing a lot of the work I have let others strap on the tool bags and have just put the tape on my pants pocket.I recomend folks take the pocket clip off and grind the inside so it does n't cut the threads on your pants pocket . I noticed I 've got several pair of expensive work pants and the pocket is just shreaded and many of them have about an inch of pocket missing now.It 's like a razor blade on the inside of the pocket clip and a single day of use will completly shread your pants pockets .
 As a general contractor I have been through my share of tape measures of varying models and makes , and I have to say this is one of the worst I 've ever used . At only 2 months old the blade wont retract all the way in any more and started to act up soon after it was first put into use . The blade lock is difficult to work . It wont fit into a tape holster without forcing it and then it gets stuck and grabs the tape hook and/or the blade lock . I 'm also hearing the same things from others in my line of work . `` Stanley . What happened to the old PowerLock tape ? I ca n't find them anymore , and that 's a tape that was worth the money ! ''
 I own a couple Stanley measures and now that I 've had this one for a couple months I can say with some confidence that even though the extra width of the tape allows you to extend the tape further than a narrower tape , the other drawbacks exceed this benefit.So , the cons :1 -RRB- the end of the tape is not firmly riveted to the tape , so you wo n't get accuracy to the 1/16 , probably not to the 1/8th hooking or pushing the end to anything . You would have to start at 1 '' and go back from there .2 -RRB- The body is plastic . I do n't drop stuff unintentionally often . But sometimes my hands are full and I need to drop something a foot or two . With the metal case stanleys , it 's never a problem . This tape , as other reviewers have said , is not strong enough to take much typical construction wear and tear . The case , after a couple months , is already a little loose , and that 's just from frequent home use.So , all in all , not a real good buy for the frequent tape user , sorry to say .
 I 'm a finish carpenter and unfortunetely I got addicted to the fat max too , but after going through one tape every 2 months or less I 've switched back to the `` Wimpier '' 1 '' rule . The problem is that the tape is so ridgid -LRB- which is great if your measuring across a room -RRB- that it gets nicks in the side of it instead of flexing then when the edge of the tape hits anything the tape starts to rip and after a few more uses the tape breaks . After dropping $ 25 bucks a tape every couple of months i just ca n't afford these tapes anymore . They are nice but you have to baby them , even so I still go through them way too fast . I use my tape hundreds of times a day and this one just does n't stand up to the punishment . The locking mechanisim does n't work well either , you have to push much harder than most tapes to lock the tape in place .
 As a cut man my tape measure is perhaps my most important tool . It enables me to accurately make measurements to be cut . I purchased this tape due to my previous good experience with stanley products and the stand out feature sounded nice . My previous tape that I actually started my job with was a 30 ' stanley maxsteel , so a lot of my opinions are based in direct comparison to that.On the good side , the fatmax tape does have an excellent standout , which is really nice when you are working alone or dont have someone near by to hold the other end and you are trying to hook a good distance away . I cant give you an exact measurement of the standout and really I would n't be disappointed if it was a little less then advertised as it is substantially more then the maxsteel tape . The tape case has been very durable , its survived falls off roofs , scaffolding , etc with no problems . Another feature I really like is the rubber bottom . I can place the tape extended on a board and the rubber will grip the board enough that I can take my hand off the tape to make multiple marks where the tape would be out of reach . Of course I could use the lock feature but as mentioned the lock is noticeably hard to engage , so just running the tape down and letting it sit upright has been nice.Now the bad `` features '' , as mentioned the lock is difficult to engage , but more importantly to the tape itself , there are several things I do n't like . To get such a long standout the tape is wider and is curved more on each side , this creates some problems for me . One is to actually get an accurate measurement I need to twist the tape a good deal , especially on shorter measurements , for the edge of the tape to sit down on the board . This sometimes causes the hook at the end to jump off the board . Also when bowing the tape into a corner to get a measurement , some creative twisting is needed to again try to get an edge to sit flat to get a measurement . While with all tapes you will have to do this to some degree , with the fatmax it is to a level that is annoying and in a lot of cases takes more time to get a measurement then would be required with a thinner tape.In conclusion the fatmax tape does have its advantages , its long standout can prove useful in some situations -LRB- working alone , reaching the end to a helper across an abyss -RRB- . The hook is nice as it can hook on both the top and bottom sides . The extra curve will be annoying at best though . Id recommend this for framing but for finishing you are better off with a powerlock or similar standard width tape that is n't curved as much.Originally rated ** , would now rate *** after going back to a powerlock and missing some of the fatmax features when framing .
 I like everything about this tape except for the poorly designed lock . The lock works fine if you 're just setting the tape on a flat board , but if you need to hang it over the edge of your work piece , the lock automatically releases and the tape falls to the floor . That 's a big pain especially when you 're on a wall .
 Although its nice to have a 40 foot measure , its big and much too big for the small clip on it.I had to buy a pouch to keep it on my belt .
 I purchased this tape because it looked big and heavy duty . Mine was big and springy , and well , I did n't get too far . I dropped it on concrete from waist-high , and it came apart and unsprung . If anyone needs some spare parts for this one , they are all over my front yard !
 The FatMax has a durable look and feel , but make no mistake , obsolescence is built-in . After a year and a half of occasional use , the spring broke and is not replaceable .
 I 'm with the other 2 star guy . I use mine many times a day . I wear them out fast . If you bend it to read the tape , its nick city , then tape tear , then new tape . I 'll be getting the cheaper one myself . UPDATEWhatever problems they had they are fixed I tried all the other tapes -LRB- I got a pile -RRB- they are not worth the effort . At any rate I kept using my last tape and am still using it , changed the case -LRB- old broken tape -RRB- because the lock quit working , but still the same blade all this time , and I measure a lot .
 My new stanley fatmax is advertised to stand out to 11 feet.Ha HA mine may make it to 9 feet 6 inches.and Stanley wo n't even respond to my e-mails . Is this the way to treat a long time custmor ? I think not
 I bought one of these a couple of years ago and the blade recently developed a split and has now become a $ 20 paperweight , since Stanley does not sell replacement blades . I think the whole FatMax line of tools is just a lot of advertising hype . Its creation was solely for marketing purposes , and had nothing to do with improving existing tools .
 I bought this tape awhile back , I have been a Stanley tape using for years , I find that the hook on the end does not grip properly , I think that it is because the wide blade has a deeper arch in it and the hook needs to be a little longer . It pops off alot which is a real hassle . Although I have this one in my tool box , I pretty much use my 3/4 '' blade Stanley most of the time .
 I 've been stymied trying to find the width of the Fat Max 's body to calculate the total length . I measured it with another tape -LRB- irony -RRB- at 3 1/4 '' but wondered why there was n't an indication on the housing . Finally , with my arm 's - length near eyesight I found a molded legend that 's almost covered by the belt clip . Pisspoor product design , but it 's a Stanley tradition . Even with reading glasses its hard to read the reflective chrome plated numerals on earlier Stanley tapes I 've owned . I wrote a big '' +3 1/4 '' on the case with a Sharpie and vow to avoid Stanley products in the future .
 Did n't last me 2 weeks . Despite the claims of 11 ' stiffness , the tape bent around 53 '' . Multiple bends and twists during the course of a single day causes the metal tape to actually tear . Now it will not retract . This is going back .
 stanley 's `` limited '' life time warranty good if you do n't use tape.I have had several and I like the fatmax . They do n't last more than a couple of month 's if you use it everyday !! Buy a craftsmen 30 ' and it 's warrantied for life , no questions asked replacement too .
 I really liked the Fat Max 30 ' tape . However , Stanley does not make replacement blades for it . My Fat Max is a little less than a year old and has developed a hole at about the 11 foot point . Because no replacement blades are available , the cost for replacing it with a new one is too high . Too bad Stanley does n't stand behind the fat max with replacement blades like they do with some of their other less sturdy tapes .
 I have bought the FAT MAX when they first came out , they claim 11 ' stand out and I never made it past 10 feet . The tape is very heavy and when dropped it breaks open like an egg.The first time it fell was only from 5 feet onto a wooden deck , the lock button broke off . And for -LSB- the price -RSB- I would expect more from the product . I have bought a new tape called WIDE BOY from SNS Tapes , now this one takes a fall from 20 feet and they hit 10 ' 6 '' to 11 ' everytime . And that is not on the 35 degree angle needed to get the FAT MAX to hit 10Feet . One other thing that makes it better is the WIDE BOY fits in the tape hold on my tool belt . It is also -LSB- less expensive -RSB- and comes with a utility knife I give this one a five star ! So sorry STANLEY your not the best tape out there anymore .
 After reading other reviews , it appears that I may have received a lemon . As mentioned in one review , the return velocity is very fast -- and it did lead to kink and tear . My primary complaint relates to excessive play in the lip -LRB- well beyond the lip 's thickness -RRB- , which has led to inaccurate cuts .
 I bought this sander because of the `` dustless '' feature to replace my 1/4 sheet Makita that is over 10 years old . Unfortunatly , the feature I bought it for seems to cause swirls on the wood . I 'm doing a reproduction corner shelf of cherry and noticed them before I applied the oil finish . I believe the cause is probably the ragged edges produced by the paper punch supplied with the machine . I suppose you could buy factory punched paper which would have a tapered edge on the abrasive but that would be more costly . For a painted finish the sander does produce a nice finish , my work is custom furniture and I use a trademark , hand rubbed oil finish so this is unacceptable to my level of quality .
 Sander leaves swirles . Harder to insert new paper than most - in my old Mikita I could do it with 1 hand - this takes 3 . Dust collector is hard and therefore restricts sander positioning .
 After realizing that this sander makes the nicest little `` r '' shaped swirls , I relegated it to the light sanding of paints and primers , between coats . The problem now is that the paint dust clogs inside sander , never making it into the attached dust canister . Even with the dust canister completely removed , paint dust still collects inside and is not properly expelled . Obviously , this requires constant cleaning with an air hose coupled with a heavy `` tapping '' on the exhaust port with my hammer handle to help dislodge the caked dust . Hopefully , it will die soon from my endless tapping so that I can buy another , this time from a different manufacturer .
 the 340 sander is not a professional tool at all.I have stopped buying them after 6 in two years . The lower bearing is a constant problem , especially with sheetrock . The dust has also wore holes in two of my housings , -LSB- where you connect the vacuum hose -RSB- . I use a vacuum 100 % of the time , dust bags and canisters just dont work . The pad is also another very weak point if you use self stick paper , after your first paper change , you will surly tear the pad apart.The 330 is the sander they should have made dustless .
 I have owned 3 of these sanders and none of them will grip sandpaper very well . The clips suck . Granted if I wanted to use stick its it would work great but that is not what I bought it for . I have a dewalt 1/4 sheet sanderthat I have used the heck out of an not once has the sandpaper slid out of the clips . This a very frustrating and time wasting flaw .
 This tool works well and is solid enough . But , there is a problem with the threaded pin that secures the knurled adjustment knob . Instead of tapping the hole for that pin , the manufacturer just mushroomed the edge of the hole ! This is very poor shop practice . After a few weeks of use , the retainer pin just falls out . So does the adjustment knob . This is not a real tool . Stanley used to make fairly good tools . The quality does n't justify the price . You 've been warned .
 I purchased the Sidchrome 12 '' -LRB- # 25209 -RRB- -LRB- Irega ? -RRB- locally , because I could n't wait any longer for this Stanley to be shipped-out to me . When the Stanley finally arrived , and I was able to compare the two wrenches side-by-side , I now believe that the Stanley Works must know a thing or two about quality value these days , i.e. `` how cheap can you go ? `` Good luck reading their laser-marked SAE and metric jaw scales , for example . Also , the bi-material handle was supplied damaged , when I was expecting a brand new product . Under the circumstances , it 's no consolation to me either , that the Stanley jaw-capacity opens to 42mm compared to the Sidchrome 's 37mm . But to now put things into perspective . The Sidchrome set me back 3 times the total cost of the Stanley . Yep , I got what I paid for alright .
 I received the tool tank as a gift . I was glad to get it free . i would not have bought this . its cheaply made , doesnt stay together well . dont waste your money .
 I bought one of these a few years ago . It is not very sturdy . If the cover comes off , it is very hard to reinstall . The wheels will not stay in alignment . It will not stay `` folded '' . What more can I saw . Buy something else .
 i 've been looking for compact fluorescent bulbs to replace all of the incandescent bulbs that i currently have . when i saw these i thought that it would be perfect . i have 10 dimmable 60 watt r30 type bulbs in my family room and that 's what the website says these are the equivalent of . so i ordered 10 . put them in . they looked a bit weird because they are about 1.5 inches longer than the incandescents so they stick out of the fixtures about that far . turned them on . nice light . thought they would n't be quite bright enough because when i got them the package said that they were the equivalent of a 50 watt incandescent . this was not stated on the website . finally i tried to dim them . i could get them to dim to about 10 % of the full brightness . after that some of them flickered and some of them went out all together . the bulbs that went out completely would not come back on until i had turned the lights out and then back on several times . very disappointing performance . so TECHNICALLY these lights are dimmable , but PRACTICALLY SPEAKING THESE BULBS ARE NOT DIMMABLE !!!!! DO N'T BUY THEM ! IT WOULD BE A WASTE OF YOUR TIME !!!!
 This is sold as 9 inch but it is less than 5 inch . This is a very misleading ad and they do not respond . DO NOT BUY THIS RIP - OFF !!!! Only a tiny bungee cord ! Not good for anything !!! DO NOT BE FOOLED !!!!!!!! Heavy-Duty 9-Inch ` Bungee Ball ' Elastic Cords - Set of 25
 Not worth the money . They are not flexible , difficult to put together and very short individually . Do not recommend over regular bungie cords .
 I just received my shipment , it arrived promptly . I ordered four items all of the same type , Neiko Heavy-Duty 9-Inch ` Bungee Ball ' Elastic Cords - Set of 25 , but received two different products . Two of the bags of 25 bungee balls look like the heavy duty ones I ordered . The other two bags are a 4 inch light-weight version . Looks like I will be sending two bags back . Looks like RT or Amazon needs to work on order fullfillment a bit more .
 I previously purchased this product about six months ago and use it regularly to bundle some photo stands and umbrellas . When I re-ordered the product , I asked for the 9 inch bungees and received 6 inch bungees which are too short for my application . The package was labeled 9 inch , but the product inside was 6 inch . I contacted the seller -LRB- not to get a refund , I can always find a use for the 6 inch bungees -RRB- to see if they had gotten a mis-labeled shipment and they told me all they had was the smaller size . But I see they are still advertising the 9 inch for sale .
 I intended this product to hold up a sheet of plastic with the intention of protecting an inside wall from stacking firewood for the winter . The weight of the wood had already snapped two iron hooks from the wall so I wanted something with a little give in it . Well , I got precious little more give , but since no more hooks have broken , I can not deny that they did the job required . I just think that a little more stretch would have made this product useful for more projects .
 It is missing one of the adapters . I have n't decided if it 's worth sending back for a replacement or not . The problem is that I 'm not exactly sure which exact piece it is .
 I had high hopes that this would be a useful device . It is not . I bought 2 of these . One does not work at all . The other works , but not nearly as well as advertised . It has to be shaken HARD and FAST for about 1 minute . The result is bright light for about 1 minute . You get dim light for maybe 3 minutes more , then you start over.Its not even good enough for emergency use , much less regular use . I have heard that there are `` wind up '' flashlights out there ; I will research those and give one a try to see if it works any better .
 This has to be the worst flashlight I have ever seen . Shake it all you want , but it does n't stay lit very long . I have another brand that uses no batteries . I just carry it around a little bit and it beams brightly . In my opinion , Viatek 's Shake It Flashlight is not worth buying . It was a total waste of money .
 I purchased a Makita belt sander model 9910 from CPO Makita . Amazon went through fine and CPO shipped item on time and it arrived right on time . Thats all I can say good about this transaction . First the beltsander was totally filled with saw dust , it was like it was just taken off a job and placed in the box . I took the time to blow the unit off and get it cleaned up . Then I attached the sandpaper belt and plugged it in . It sounded nice , quiet opperation and it ran well , the problem was the belt was NOT moving . Thinking the belt wasnt tight I looked around for an adjustment and noticed that the geared side of the belt roller was stuck and wouldnt move . So I took apart the gear belt cover and saw that the whole belt was incased in gunk , and the actual gear belt totally shreaded and broken . So the motor was working fine but the gear belt was torn up . So this was Not reconditioned , someone just pulled the tigger said hmm works fine , not noticing the belt wasnt moving and packaged it up and said SUCKER . OK I can understand maybe the unit got overlooked and wasnt cleaned , or the belt broke when I tested it , or the ton of caked on gunk inside the belt casing just got missed , even the reconditioned tag was worn and torn off , but to miss ALL of these things CPO dropped the ball . I dont fault Amazon on this and im sure if I complained they would fix the problem . Normally I would not put up such a stink but i was counting on having this beltsander for a weekend project , not to be . The beltsander itself looks like it will be a good one built very nice , makita did a good job on the design . I have ordered the replacement belt via another company . I will eat this purchase because its not worth shipping back only to get another piece of junk at least I know what I got with this one . CPO dosent have to worry about bad reviews from me again , Because im never using CPO Makita again . Bottom line is Beware reconditioned items .
 I bought this new 2 years ago and was happy with it until this morning , when I was woken up by crashing glass . The metal bottom of the stand had separated into 2 parts - 1 screwed into the base and `` the rest of the lamp '' . The end of `` Lower Tube B '' is still screwed into the stand , but the rest of `` Lower Tube B '' and the entire upper lamp crashed onto the floor . Metal fatigue ? That last metal round thing on the tube had torn itself apart - it was a solid metal ring and got torn apart . Yes , the top is heavy , but it was n't at a noticeable angle - and should n't do this anyway . Thank goodness no one was near it or they could have been seriously hurt by either the heavy metal stand or the shattered glass.For whoever posted earlier thinking this was safe around kids - you 'd be better off with a lighter lamp with metal around the bulbs instead of glass . At least if it falls over it is n't heavy enough to hurt someone . This one is and I had a huge amount of glass shards from the broken top .
 There are many methods of getting rid of slugs and snails . Few of them work very well , in my experience , but several of them work well enough to make them worth trying . -LRB- One that 's more trouble than it 's worth , in my experience
 This stuff works well , BUT it almost killed my 60lb Yellow Lab !!! There are safer alternatives that work as well and are as easy to use . Please BEWARE this product has a flavor additive dogs like ! Try Sluggo instead.Monterey Sluggo Snail & Slug Control For Organic Gardening - 2.5 lb Shaker Bottle LG6500
 Bought the SS525CS Light Duty Fence energizer to keep our minpins from digging out from underneath our fence . It was our last resort since they broke through every other barrier we set up . It did the trick ! We set it up at our new house so it surrounds the fence all the way around , and also set a single strand on the outside of the back of the fence , which butts up to vacant land where coyotes and stray animals run around . We did n't want coyotes coming to our yard and digging in to get at the dogs , so this was a great idea . We 've heard loose dogs get shocked out back there , and that keeps our animals safe . Well , unfortunately yesterday I heard the energizer making a louder than usual buzzing sound and knew that something was wrong . We previously had a kitten get stuck on it on the inside of our yard -LRB- poor thing was scared half to death by the fence and the dogs ! -RRB- , and bit the wire . It fried it 's poor little mouth to the wire and his legs were stuck straight out . We turned the fence off but the poor little guy had been shocked terribly . He ended up being `` ok '' and we found him a home.Yesterday when I heard the noise I freaked out and went looking around the perimeter , and found another stray kitten , with one of its rear paws stuck to the outer perimeter 's line . I could n't save this one . The fence killed him . The side of his body that was touching the ground was smouldering and burnt . I had to pick up the body and dispose of it . I cried a LOT yesterday about this . We have a cat and a kitten in our home and it devastated me that we were responsible for the death of this precious little life.But today , after thinking more about it and then going online to research , it turns out that the manufacturer knows that the energizers with `` CS '' in the model number -LRB- means `` Continuous Shock '' -RRB- DO KILL small animals . Despite thier knowledge of this , the company still advertises that `` No commercially made charger when installed properly will harm a pet or human . '' The problem is n't improper installation here ; it 's that the shock in this model is continuous and does n't give a smaller animal the chance to pull away . Cats and kittens are notorious for biting at things that hurt them , and once they clamp down , there 's no getting loose unless someone happens to see what is going on . If you are considering an electric fence , be sure it is an Intermittent Shock energizer . This means it pulsates and allows the animal to get off the wire . As far as I 'm concerned , the item I 'm reviewing , SS525CS , is a death trap for small animals -LRB- and birds & frogs too -RRB- .
 I bought one of these to use in a small pen to train piglets to electric fence before putting them out to pasture . Since they had never been in an electric fence before I had to put ElectroNet woven fence up to keep them from charging through it the first couple of times they got shocked . Well , they got tangled in the fencing and unfortunately it killed both of my 7 week old registered Tamworth piglets before I even got their registration papers sent out . I only had them here for a day . Now I am out $ 600 and have to find a charger with an intermittent charge so I do n't kill the next 2 piglets I buy . Not only that but I 'll have to drive over 10 hours to buy more piglets if I buy from the same breeder ...
 5 strands of a couple hundred feet worked through the rain , an ice storm , etc. . Really got it to protect chickens from neighborhood cayotes and dogs which broke through the strand and have n't seen it since . BUT the fence will ELECTROCUTE , did zap some growing Rooster -LRB- even though I had explicitly told him to stay away -RRB- , at least I can find them now though , instead of disappearing , but you probably want a lower amp fence , it 's not everytime as I 've seen them fly through it , and only been the last couple of days that they got fried . Fence has been up over a month .
 I was very disappointed with this product . It does n't have a blinking light or clicking noise to let you know it 's working . After much effort , we found out that the product did n't even work . I may have just gotten a defective one , but I was still disappointed that it lacked a way to tell you if it was on .
 I do n't understand why anyone raves about this . It 's extremely heavy , not very bright , has a large central black spot , casts very uneven light , lights up only a small area . Yes , it focuses and can shine a spot a fair distance , but it wo n't help you walk in the dark or search an entire room quickly . Buy The AMAZING 95 LED Aluminum Flashlight instead !!!
 While the quality of the build of this instrument is top notch , the technology is outdated . Several companies have improved the beam quality , bulb life and electrical reliability of similar products . Solid state technology -LRB- LED light -RRB- has made the standard D-cell light a dim unreliable unit . The company has rested on it 's laurels for too long . Other companies have made brighter smaller longer life units in standard bulb -LRB- incandescent -RRB- and solid state -LRB- LED -RRB- formats for a number of years now . See companies like Streamlight , SureFire , Brinkmann and search for `` LED Flashlights '' for the whole array of new technologies.Most of my Mag Lights have been retired in favor of LED technology lights with comparable output plus extended battery life and bulbs that last for 50,000 plus hours . Mag faces the risk of becoming the 8-track version of the flashlight in my opinion .
 i really like this flashlight until the little button on top broke and it didnt work anymore what is thepoint to having indestructable body and a flimsy button i guess ill have to buy another brand in the future
 heavy , weak , and not luminous , I would count it as a bad experience , plus it consume a lot more light than LED 's
 maglites need to switch these s *** ty bulbs to LED 's i have a Streamlight 66122 Stylus Pro Penlight that no exaggeration is twice as bright and probably a fourth the size which is ridiculous this thing takes two d batteries and the output of light is a complete joke compared to my penlight that takes two aaa batteries ill never buy another flashlight without led 's again they last longer are brighter dont drain batterys as fast and dont get hot like these bulbs do get it together maglite and switch to led 's because eventually people will stop being blinded by a popular brand name and realize your bulbs suck and will move on .
 Despite indicating this cover would fit my fan , it does not . It sits crooked . My husband insists it is snug enough to not fall out , but it looks like it is about to fall out any second . Ordering online this time has not saved me any time or money , as I will now go to HomeDepot anyways !
