 My 16-ounce Stanley Anti-Vibe hammer is my all-day tool , but needing a slightly larger framing hammer , I bought this one and was immediately disappointed . It 's poorly balanced , has a rounded head , and took a beating after only one day 's use . Like most companies , Stanley does a lot of things well , but this was not one of them . I opted for theDead On DOS22S 22-Ounce 18-Inch Steel Smooth Face Hammerwhich has been my joy . Otherwise , I recommend the titanium Stiletto hammers if you 're working with them all day .
 The mount shows that it pivots in some pictures . The ones that I received did not pivot = very disappointing .
 I loved the concept of this winder . Unfortunately , the winding handle is so flimsy it broke after just three or four uses . Back to my old cord winder .
 I bought this thinking it would solve my cord bird nest problems but it just frustrated me . The lever would not provide any `` grab '' and just slipped . The basket was very shoddy and looked as if it would hold about 35 feet rather than 150 ' . It also showed the optional swivel bracket and did n't mention it was an option . The mount that came with it was a plastic stationary mount . Totally sorry product . DO NOT waste your money on this .
 This looked like a good idea but in practice I find it does n't work very well . The wheel does n't grip the cord well enough to pull the cord back into the basket and I spend lots of time `` stuffing '' the cord back into the basket by hand . A plastic lever is provided to press the cord tightly against the rubber wheel , but much of the time the wheel just spins and the only result is a black smudge on the orange cord . I 've thrown the WonderWinder away and replaced it with a conventional hand-cranked reel .
 Green Leaf WW-1 Wonder Winder Hand Crank Extension Cord WinderProduct is advertised as
 This was my second Wonder Winder . I 've had one for years and have been very happy with it . My original Wonder Winder included the `` optional '' metal swivel bracket . Being able to turn this thing side to side makes all the difference in the world in both walking past it and in pointing it in the direction that I 'm dragging the cord . I ordered my second one from Amazon because of its competitive price but am disappointed to find that it did n't include the swivel mount , especially since the image on the website appears to show the swivel bracket rather than the round plastic mounts . I HATE losing the swivel capability and any money I saved on my order will now be lost as I 'll need to track down this `` optional '' feature from somewhere else .
 For this product to work you need two hand to operate it . One to crank and one to hold down the friction plate . It would be great if there was a way to lock the friction plate down .
 My 10 year old 100 ' cord was looking a little tired along with its hand winder ... I saw the Wonder Winder advertised and dispite the warnings posted here and other sites ; I made the leap ... It took two of us to wind up a new 100 ' 14/2 cord in warm weather ... Not to be stymied , I bought a can of belt dressing ... Better ... but as they say at the carnival ... `` Close but no cigar `` The idea is great but the gripper does not work well ... Now my new cord has the used look because of the rub marks from the take up wheel . . I would hope that those of you who are thinking of buying this and using 14/2 or larger would think to opt out ... It might be good for lighter cords , but for my tools I need a minimum of 14/2 so it does n't work ... It probably will end up in the give away sack ... If it smells like a lemon , slices like a lemon , it probably is ...
 I have had this worthless piece of junk on my garage wall for nearly two years and have yet been able to make it work . I have taken it apart , reassembled and still it will NOT wind up a 100 ' extension cord . Period .
 I purchased to use with leaf and snow blowers and use a 14/3 extension cord . I could n't get it to work with that gauge and I doubt anyone can . I should have read the reviews more carefully . Probably good with more typical , lighter load cords .
 This is designed for a 25 ' light weight cord , but I can not even imagine a person lazy enough not to hand wind that.I bought it to wind and store 75 ' professional grade cords in my garage . The cheap plastic components could not lift the cord into the mesh basket.So this is for grocery store 25 ' electrical cables , but you have to drill the mounts into a solid wall with 2 '' screws ?!? Bizarre.Like I said , the concept is good , but made WAY too cheap to be functional .
 This thing is garbage , sent it back , does n't work at all . It is very cheaply made as well .
 This thing is useless . Flimsy material & craftsmanship . Wo n't last one season-I guaruntee ... They should pay you to buy this product . Save your money & frustrations . My rubber wheel fell apart after 6 months , and it never did coil the wire properly .
 Does not work very well in winding up the cord . Looks like it will break after just a few uses .
 Just tried to wind 150 feet light weight extension cord in this piece of drek . It 's incapable of maintaining constant feed . Kept stopping and I 'd have to pull out 2-3 feet and start again . Took forever . Great idea but lacking in execution .
 I would not recommend this product as it does n't work very well . I actually ruined a 100 ' cord as the winder made small slices into the casing of the cord . Many times the cord would not rewind into the unit . Save your money and look at other alternatives . A very disappointing product !
 Quick Winder RAP-100 Electric Cord and Fiber Optic Cable Reelproduct is made of inferior plastic.the first and olnly time i used it the cam and handle stripped . it is now useless.the only recourse i have is to write this review.at least i can vent my frustration on this computer .
 I have had this thing in my shop for 3 mo. . Every time I use it it binds up with just the short cord . The crank has broke 3 times and had to be fixed . The wall mount it comes with is not that good due to the locking part slips out -LRB- the picture showes a swivle mount but it somes with a stationary mount -RRB- . It does do one thing well ... . It kinks the cord real well . . Spend a little more and get a real retac cord or a little less and get a spoole -LRB- the spoole takes less work to wind .
 I 'd love to be able to review this item . Unfortunately , I am still waiting to get it . As Amazon has been excellent about delivering items on time or even early , I am surprised and disappointed . This item was not packaged by Amazon , so it might be a good idea to avoid this seller given their delivery problems.I checked the online tracking to see what had become of it . The tracking information indicates that it was delivered . I was home all day yesterday and no delivery was made.Any suggestions on how to proceed ?
 This is possibly the biggest piece of crap I 've ever bought . I put it together , attached it to the wall and tried to wind a cord . The mechanism is so weak , it could n't wind an inch of cord.The crank just spun with no cord being taken up . How this got 4 stars is beyond me . I should sue Worthless Wonder Winder for wasting my time and for postage . Drop this one Amazon .
 I would not recommend this product as it does n't work very well . I actually ruined a 100 ' cord as the winder made small slices into the casing of the cord . Many times the cord would not rewind into the unit . Save your money and look at other alternatives . A very disappointing product !
 Must have had a defective unit , but this thing fell to pieces when I tried to reel the cord in . I was too busy to deal with it so I never sent it back . I tried to fix it but could n't . Did n't work for me at all .
 this thing sucks really bad mounted it to the wall , had 100ft cord started winding the cord and the handle snaped this thing is made to wind ethernet or telephone cord it ca n't handle much more than that , not extension cord it 's a really poor constructed product thin plastic good idea crap design spend more get more. :-LRB- grr !
 I bought this a couple of years ago . It 's a nice idea , but I am disappointed with how it works . If the jacket on your extension cord is at all wet , like when I rewind the cord after using my electric snow blower , it wo n't catch and rewind the cord . The reel will just spin . I have to press as hard as I can on the black thingy to even get it to engage under normal circumstances . Yeah it 's sturdy , and when it works it is cool , but I am disappointed with how inconsistent it is .
 First off let me say that this products picture shows an optional swing bracket for the unit . A hard black piece is included so that you can mount it flat . Second , if you have a cord that is thicker like a 12/3 then you will have problems . Me and my buddy spent some time trying to get the wheel to grab the cord effectively . I had the cord straight out and clean and still the wheel did not grab . We had to hold the cable down on the wheel at the top to help wind the cable into the basket . If I had n't taken so long to finally put this item up then I would be sending this back . The assembly and mounting is simple . Due to my experience , I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I purchased this joke a few months ago and I cant understand all the great reviews by these people . The cord comes out twisted and is a horror to get back in -- who said this was easy . Also the plastic is breaking where it comes out and this causes a release problem . My advise is to save your money and get a winding reel type which works easy with any type of electrical cord -- This is called a wonder winder -- the only wonder is why did I purchase this piece of JUNK .
 Bought for hard-to-buy-for husband for a xmas gift . It 's been sitting in the garage for 6 months with no chance of being installed . He thinks it 's dumb and would have preferred a wind up kind of extension cord winder ... oh wellUPDATE
 This thing is a piece of crap . The only good thing about it is that it was a gift . I did n't have to pay for it !!!!!!!!! It does n't work .
 Not sure if it is just the one I bought , but this broke before I could even get the cord in the basket . It has been sitting on the workbench waiting to see if my husband can fix it for more than a year now .
 Tell me how you want me to return this item . Does n't work for me .
 It 's a bit annoying when you buy something as a gift and the gift receiver has to later tell you that there was a part missing . In this case , the crank was not included in the box thus making the entire thing utterly useless . The packaging was very plain and nondescript which had me wishing I had n't bought it as a gift in the first place . It was just a basic craft colored cardboard box - not somehting you would pick up at the store to give as a gift . The first time the gift recipient looked at it he thought it was one of those small basketball hoops . Maybe a single color photo would have been appropriate SOMEWHERE on the box or inside the packaging . Now we 're off tho start the return process . Thankfully , Amazon is the best at what they do so it wo n't be a huge problem .
 It the Wonder Winder worked as well as described it would be a great product . Unfortunately , it does n't . The main problem I experience is that it wo n't rewind a 12 gauge 3 wire cord AT ALL - the cord simply slips between the drive wheel and what they call the `` yoke '' and wo n't feed into the basket . I tried it with 16 gauge 3 wire cord and had the same problem - no rewinding . Maybe if the yoke was n't made from pretty flimsey plastic , more pressure could be brought to bear on the winding wheel and it would grip the cord better . But as it is , it does n't work for me AT ALL and it 's going to be returned . One other thing - the actual size of the net cord basket is much smaller than in the picture .
 I would not recommend this product as it does n't work very well . I actually ruined a 100 ' cord as the winder made small slices into the casing of the cord . Many times the cord would not rewind into the unit . Save your money and look at other alternatives . A very disappointing product !
 I 've owned this now for about four or five years , and have never found it as good as many others apparently have . I use it with a very flexible , heavy duty extension cord in my basement . This gadget has a large plastic wheel inside attached to the handle . There is also a plastic paddle with a button lever that sticks up at top that you press against the cord to create contact and friction against the wheel.When I first got it , the wheel simply did n't grab the surface of the cord to pull it into the net . Annoying . Over time , the cord surface got dirty and it actually started to work a little better . But even after years , I find it frustrating to use . I can press the button lever , and turn the crank , and the wheel mostly slips against the cord . I lay the cord out straight from the mouth of the winder , and there is no tension on the free end of the extension cord - but it still barely winds into the net.I 'm astounded at the apparent good luck many others seem to have had with this winder . I 'm jealous . Wish mine would wind reliably . But it sure does n't ! And it never has.In terms of quality of construction , I do find the plastic of high quality , and the bracket has been sturdy . If only it did what it was supposed to do.But I also have a free hanging extension cord in the basement that I use as often , if not more . When I 'm done , I wind it between my hand and elbow , and then hang up the looped cord . To tell the truth , this is faster and more efficient than the cord winder has proven to be - at least for me .
 They claim this will hold 150 feet of cord . Not so , unless it 's some small gauge . It wo n't hold even 100 feet of 12/3 . When I gave up on that , and loaded 14/3 into it , the basket came off .
 This item is a great idea , however this item lacks quality and functionality . I am very disappointed with the performance . First of all , its plastic construction is very brittle . The reel requires two hands to operate and really does n't wind the cord in . While pulling cord out , it often tangles . Today I removed the reel from the wall and tossed it into the garbage . I wont even try to sell on ebay , I 'm sorry I purchased it .
 Bought this unit to hold a 100 ' 12/3 extension cord I use for my electric snow blower . It went together and mounted on the wall easy enough but the handle with the wheel does n't grip the cord . I am left turning the crank with no movement to the cord . It appears that the wheel is not `` grippy '' enough to pull the cord into the basket . Nice try , but it does n't work for me .
 I should n't have had very high expectations for this product , in view of its low price . But after I went out and bought a 100 ' # 12 cord , the cost became considerable . While working - wrestling - with the cord to try to get it fed into the winder , it became apparent the two were not compatible . Maybe someone , somewhere , has been successful in creating the combination but , after quite a while , I put my brand-new cord on a reel and installed an old # 16 cord on the winder . The installation of a cord onto the winder requires carefully twisting and straightening the cord prior to cranking it in . Hence , no time saved at all . The unit does not grip the cord if there is the slightest resistance and if you happen to be in a damp environment it is necessary to completely wipe the cord dry before you have any chance of reeling it in . Good idea - needs design work .
 I thought this would be useful in the garage , but i ended up throwing it away .1
 Hi , I ordered this product because of the good feedback I saw from others . However , the product was horrible . It chewed my brand new extension cord up . The drive wheel that feeds the cable in and out ate my cord and left black rubber all over the cord . Do n't buy this product its not worth it , look for a better cord reel . Take a look at the `` alert stamping 7000wr pro reel cord carrier '' instead.Thanks , Matt
 This is a useless product . The handle to wind up the wire does not work . You have to press the small lever against the wheel with one hand and then wind up the wire with the other . Defeats the purpose of a quick winding .
 The description says `` Holds 150 ' of 16/3 cord , 100 ' of 14/3 cord , or 75 ' of 12/3 cord , '' but I could n't get even the first few feet of a 12/3 cord loaded into it . The cord did n't naturally fall into a neat coil in the bottom , and trying to guide it into place by reaching through the net was impossibly tedious . Even if did persevere and get it loaded , I would n't be willing to wrestle it back in every time I used the cord . That defeats the whole purpose of a reel.The cord I 'm using is a very high quality , very flexible silicone insulated outdoor cord that 's almost impossible to kink . I laid it out straight in the sun before trying to reel it in , as suggested by the instructions , but it was still impossible.Since I do n't have a 16 or 14 gauge cord , I do n't know how it would work with them . It must be great , from all the favorable reviews . My cord may just be too flexible or rubbery for it . A cheaper , stiffer cord might slip right in . It does seem to be sturdily made and a clever idea , but I ca n't use it .
 This product winds and stores cords well as most have testified . However , it has a wall mount issue.The Problem - The alignment of the locking ears to the wall braket orientation is off about 10 degrees . The instructions for mounting lack adequate graphics and wording to guide you - dispite a warning that `` it may be neccessary to use added pressure the first few times the unit is locked into wall bracket '' . The Problem Details - The circlular wall bracket has 4 holes for screw mount and an `` up '' arrow to indicate the direction for mount . If you assume that the up arrow -LRB- on the inside of the backet -RRB- should be the orientation of mount you would be wrong . If you went ahead and secured it to the wall with the screw holes at 12 , 3 , 6 , and 9 o'clock the unit itself would not be level when mounted . My unit came with 2 wall mount backets and both had this disorientation.The Solution - Note the orentation of the wall bracket when attached to the unit before securing it to the wall . Do this several times . Find true north / top center on the bracket and mark it with a pen . Take the bracket off the unit and place it on the wall orienting your center mark at the top . Then mark holes and screw the bracket into the wall . This offset changes the orientation of the mount when attaching to the wall by turning it clockwise several degrees but keeps the unit straight up and down when mounted . My brackets were off about 10 degrees .
 This seems like a great idea but my initial reaction is `` what a pain '' . I 've loaded the two I purchased with 12/3 75 ' extension cords and the wheels keep slipping . I have tried applying various amounts of tension on the clutch , watching the cord alignment , and watching to ensure that the cord is n't catching on anything . It just keeps slipping . It does coil nicely and it does hold the entire cord
 First impression
 This does n't seem to work with my US Wire 98100 14/3 100-Foot SJEOW TPE Cold Weather Extension Cord Blue with Lighted Plug.The cable slips between the roller and yoke and it takes 10 mins to wind this thing up . Maybe because the cord has some sort of waxy coating - but frankly I think the design is lacking because the roller and yoke simply ca n't grab onto the cord sufficiently .
 I ordered this set a few days ago , because it was an excellent price for a Fowler transfer punch set . -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . But when I received the shipment , I discovered that it is NOT a Fowler set , but a cheap Chinese knockoff . The box was dented in several places , and the inside had several `` stains '' from machine oil that had dripped off the punches . I was very upset . The part number on the box was the same as the true Fowler part number , in an apparent effort to fool prospective buyers . Do n't be fooled ! If you want a cheap set , there are less expensive sets available at Amazon . If you want a true Fowler set , look elsewhere .
 I got them and they looked good when I went to use them the one I needed was to soft to use the point went flat so I checked them all on the Rock Well and found 11 to soft to use . I payed for the better ones and got this junk . Not happy . I do not think they were Fowler
 These transfer punches are absoloute garbage . I broke the tip off of one during its first use . I 'll be sending this product back .
 I was wandering through the Amazon tool section and ran across this product . What a great idea ! I put it into our Christmas wish list and my wife ordered it . I opened the present this morning . The punches look good . The rack that holds them is another story.The rack was twisted . One screw was loose , another had the nut laying in the bottom of the box . I took the punches out to fix the loose screws and discovered the rack had been twisted so far out of alignment that one of the punch holes had been torn.The final discovery was when I tried to put the loose nut onto its screw . It would n't stay so I decided to replace it . I pulled the screw out and discovered it was n't threaded . Apparently whoever assembled the rack was more interested in getting it shipped then quality control.I 'm sending it back for an exchange . Hopefully the next one has all the screws threaded .
 This unit is a classic example of a good idea with poor execution . The hand unit on this over-priced system has a tendency to vacuum itself onto the wall surface , making smooth sanding impossible and laborious . The water filter is a nifty idea , but cumbersome . A better solution is a standard shop-vac with a drywall filter bag installed and skip the water bucket . This unit also has a tendency to produce a shrill whistle from the rushing air . Bottom line , if you ca n't afford the Porter Cable unit -LRB- I completely understand if you ca n't -RRB- , then rent one until some manufacturer comes out with a decent power sander for the DIY market . You 'll never be happy about the money spent on the MT800 . Might be worth the effort for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- .
 Great idea but the flex hose provided with the unit creates a whistle that requires double hearing protection just to use it . -LRB- even with a low volume shop vac -RRB- It greatly reduces the airborne dust but the whistle will drive you nuts . Check out the Marshalltown vacuum sander . Larger hose . A 5 gal bucket w/lid and 10.00 worth of plumbing fittings you can create the same effect for less money and better performance
 As another review said , this is a good idea `` with poor execution '' . I would give it no stars if I could . The unit produces enough suction to allow the sanding head to stick to the wall or even the ceiling . This forces the user to work harder putting more force on the sanding head 's handle . Mine broke under use . If you look inside you will see that the handle is attached to the head with just 2 screws , a very weak point , and a design problem . I also had problems with the hoses clogging up with drywall dust . The short hose that sits in the water would almost completly close off , and in the long hose , the dust would build up in all the ribs . After an hour of use , I would have to run water through the hose to clean it out . The situation only got worse if I tried to use it then , the dust would stick to the wet surface . All in all , it added more to the work than it relieved in keeping down the dust .
 I bought this unit and paid for two day shipping to control the dust in a room addition I am doing.I am skim coating and sanding everything . It arrived as expected but when I started the assembly , I discovered that it was missing one of the clamps that held the sanding screen to the sanding head . I immediately called the number on the product sheet and was assured that the part would be FedExed that day . One week later , after not recieving the part , I called again . The vendor once again assured me that it would be FedExed for next day delivery . That was the day before yesterday.I now dread going to the job . Despite other control measures , dust is everywhere , the part is no where to be found . My evaluation of this product is that it is useless as delivered . It is no better than the support you get when you have a problem .
 I have been using this unit for the last three days on a major drywall project and am dissapointed in the unit . I find that I have to completely clean the unit every half hour or the suction drops to zero . I am using a 16 gal . heavy duty vaccum that starts choking after a few minutes use.Sorry , I would not recomend this unit for extended use .
 What looks like a good idea needs some improvement . The only real issue was the absolutely ear piercing , ultra sonic noise this thing made . I had not expected to be wearing ear plugs and ear phones to work . The instructions address the issue but recommendations on how to control the noise were less that adequate . I believe if a smooth sided hose vice the corrugated hose were used it may lessen the noise . The hand held sanding head was awkward to use as well . On the good side it did collect the dust in the water well enough , but after 15 or 20 min . of use the noise was just too overwhelming . Swapping shop vacuums was of no help . I am accustom to nosy enviroments being in aerospace by trade and a woodworker by hobby , but this was LOUD on a ultrasonic level and it grated on the nerves .
 I should have heeded the warnings of other reviewers regarding the noise level of this device . It may be very effective at removing the dust , but I just ca n't deal with the noise . I suffer from tinnitus and when this thing began to scream , I thought I was going into orbit ! No thank-you , I 'd rather deal with the dust .
 Sticks to the wall with so much force that within a short amount of time you are worn out with 98 % of the job still unfinished . This product should come with a certificate titled `` sucker of the year award '' ... `` purchasers name here '' . It 's a very good idea , but not all good ideas convert into good products , not to mention a very EXPENSIVE not-good product . Think about it . How much would you pay for each of these pieces if purchased separately ? You are getting a plastic bucket and lid that looks like a 5 gallon paint bucket , 20 feet of light duty plastic hose , a couple of shop vac type nozzle adapters , and the sanding head . Add it all up . Does it come anywhere close to 50 bucks ? Here 's a tip to reduce dust
 Unit arrived with missing adapters . Unit was not assembled , had to figure out / attach hoses to lid . God-awful whistling as others mention . Unbelievable junk for $ 50 . The idea is sound but was probably engineered by the salespeople who hold a patent on similar vacuum cleaner -LRB- rexair ? rainbow ? -RRB- , effectively creating a monopoly , preventing competition , charging rich customers $ 3000 . Just get yourself a good shop vac -LRB- which you can use for other things -RRB- and spend $ 5 - $ 10 for a fine dust bag insert -LRB- my Ridgid 16-gal works fine -RRB- . Also read instructions on your mud
 Where can I get the long pole sander to go with this item -- you only solved part of the problem with the hand sander -- I need to work on the ceilings , too .
 i purchased this from menards for my work on my retirement homefinaly gor some dry wall up went to use the sand & kleen ; but the adaptors were not in the box . guess i will try duck tape !
 I did quite a bit of research looking for a clamping system for picture frames . Time and again I came back to Ulmia and decided to give them a try . They look good but simply do not work on the woods I tested them on
 This is great if all of electrical devices you are connecting to it are lamps or some other device with a similarly narrow plug . This is supposed to be a 7 outlet surge protector yet the outlets are so cramped together that I can only use 4 outlets .
 This is my second order for a Belkin surge protector strip . Both had broken receptacles right out of the box . I sent the first one back to them and it cost me as much in shipping as the product to get a replacement . This one I returned to Amazon for a refund . Very poor quality of workmanship . I would definitely NOT recommend their surge power strips .
 I have other Belkin SurgeMaster surge protectors that I LOVE and fully expected to love this one just as much . I was looking for a smaller surge protector for areas like my bedside table where I only have a small number of things to plug in . I love that the outlet covers slide over the outlet to keep dust -LRB- and cat fur -RRB- out of unused outlets . The outlet covers on other Belkin SurgeMasters I own are very sturdy . However , these outlet covers are quite flimsy - one even lifts up about 1/4 of an inch from the surge protector itself . I 'm very disappointed in the quality of construction .
 I purchased 6 of these units , and all six have failed . They were replaced by Kidde support -LRB- who are quite easy to work with -RRB- , but the replacment units are beginning to fail . Time to failure seems to be about a year . Failure mode is false alarms . Fresh batteries , etc. do not address the issue.As a safety item in the house , I have no confidence in these items anylonger , and have replaced them with a competing brand , which I also purchased six of for another house , and have never had any failed units .
 I purchased and just received two of the Kidde smoke alarms . It 's too early to give a full evaluation of these alarms but I was very disappointed to find that one of the alarms was dated July 27 , 2011 . That makes that alarm 1 1/2 years old upon delivery . I 'm willing to consede 6 months but 1 1/2 years . The units have a 10 year life from the date labeled on the back of the unit . Beside this issue , the units appear to work very nicely .
 Why is it that there are only Kidde detectors ad the main choice here and elsewhere ? I bought this detector at Home Depot . Got it home and noticed it was cheap plastic , lightweight , bad instruction manual . Put batteries in and they heated up very hot . Tried putting them in backwards and forwards and nothing changed . It 's obvious to me that Kidde has a monopoly on this product niche and they do n't care about quality control . Some other companies need to get into this market and make products that work . It 's our safety that 's at stake . Avoid Kidde . They suck .
 Purchased lots of these and almost everyone of them failed . If you are looking for a reliable smoke detector , look for another one . This one is ABSOLUTE GARBAGE !
 I bought 2 of these Smoke detectors . When I installed both batteries correctly , & put the front back on properly , I then felt heat near the battery compartment , when I took the back off of both of them , they both burned my fingers !! They were not just hot they were VERY VERY HOT !! DO NOT BUY THESE !! I then tried the 2 smaller ones -LRB- also from Kidde -RRB- & they worked fine.I figured there must have been a bad batch . TOTALLY UNSAFE PRODUCT.I always buy the Kidde brand ...
 We bought a two-pack . Of course the one mounted high on a vaulted ceiling is the one that has gone off at around 2:00 am on two occasions in the absence of any detectable smoke odor , temperature change , or anything else that could justify the alarm . Battery checked out . Since the mount is unique , I 'm ordering another and hoping for better luck , but I 'm not impressed with quality control . The false alarms have been a rare event , but I do n't like being woken up for nothing . On the plus side , they are loud ...
 I purchased 4 Kidde PI9000 Dual mode detectors to replace working , but old detectors in our home . One failed within a month and after returning to Kidde at my expense they replaced it . Took at least 4 weeks to get the replacement . A few months later another failed , again I sent it back and received a replacement . Now at less than 2 years , two more have failed . I bought 4 , I 've had 4 failures , and I have two working at the moment.The failure mode for the units was a constant chirping , the same sound they make when the battery is low , except on the failed units changing batterers , even different types would not stop the beeping.I ca n't see how this failure rate is acceptable by any standard .
 Two of Three units have not worked since purchase . Have tried calling Kidde multiple times . Once got hung up on by rep -LRB- after waiting 11 minutes on hold to be connected to a rep -RRB- because I asked where to find information she was asking for on product . I called again and -LRB- after waiting 14 minutes on hold to be connected to a rep -RRB- got immediate hang up by customer service without being able to talk to a rep.
 I bought 3 of this in September 2008 , and as of now , July 2010 , 2 out of them have already died within two years . They died in the same way
 Does not work !!!! Bought 5 of these for my home . Went to go install the first one , and it does not work . Tried a brand new battery , still does not work . Opened a second one , same problems . I would give it zero stars if I could .
 I got four of these and I do not recommend them . One failed shortly after install . I tested one next tho an old type of smoke detector , made some smoke in the kitchen and not only the old one set off by the smoke quickly but the Kiddie did not even put out on peep.Not impressed .
 I ordered three of these devices . Two work as they should . The third is a dud , did not work straight out of the box . As I live overseas , the cost and hassle of returning the item is not worth the value of the item . Better to buy this type of device in a shop where it can be tested before leaving .
 We have owned this alarm for about 6 months and tried using it in two different houses with open kitchen/living room floor plans . We have open ceilings and did not install it at the highest peak -LRB- we installed it at the location easiest to get to standing on a ladder or chair -RRB- . Ours goes off all the time , falsely , even when there is n't something to `` explain '' it , i.e. I was cooking and the stove got hot or someone took a steamy shower , etc. . The only way to get it to stop is to remove the battery . It has been a big annoyance -- and Kidde 's customer service team is not great . Overall , I would not buy this brand or type of alarm again .
 We purchased this product and followed the instructions exactly as to how to install the product properly to prevent false alarms , keeping it so many feet from the bathroom , etc. . Periodically , we would experience false alarms . It was n't often , so we did n't think much about it at first . However , after a few months it started to increase in frequency . In fact , while we were out of town , it went off for two days straight until the battery died as all our neighbors within three blocks in every direction heard it and made sure to tell us about it when we returned . Obviously , there was n't any fire , so it was a false alarm yet again . While the good thing about this product is that it has a loud alarm -LRB- ask my neighborhood -RRB- , it 's unreliable as it sets off too many false alarms and thus , becomes more of an irritant than anything else . I would be very curious of those who gave it higher stars would change their minds now after owning the product for a longer amount of time . Save your money and find something else . If you still want to buy it , then I suggest you turn it off if you go on vacation else be met with the wrath of your neighbors .
 Perfect for one year exactly . Then it started going off in humidity , except it 's located in the hall outside the bathroom . So unless I remembered to take it off before I took a shower , it invariably went off about 3 minutes into a shower , with a steady loud shrill . I changed the battery . I tested it regularly throughout it 's life . Goes to show , you get what you pay for . Ironic that a smoke detector tries to save me from excess humidity .
 Two out of three units I purchased over time , failed after about one year of use . I guess I will try different brand now . .
 This may be the worst smoke detector I 've ever owned . It goes off all the time while cooking , despite being at least 25 feet away from the kitchen and there being no smoke in the room . The hush button does not work , either.If you buy this smoke detector be sure to keep a step ladder near by because you will be removing the battery every day .
 I purchased four PI9000 smoke alarms -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- about three years ago . One has failed thus far . I 'll update this if there are more failures . The 10 year limited warranty from Kidde sounds great but really is n't
 I bought this just a couple months ago , and it 's now gone off three times for no reason , most recently at 1am . There was no sign of any smoke at all . The test function was normal . I had just replaced the batteries thinking that might be the problem , but apparently not . I 'm going to have to replace this with a different brand .
 Kidde PI9010 Battery-Operated Dual Ionization and Photoelectric Sensor Smoke AlarmFailed after 3 months . Checked battery everything Ok . Would not stop false alarming .
 ___ From the product description
 The fire alarm instructions do n't tell you that you need a drill , screwdriver , hammer . Nor do they explain the little plastic screw anchors that come with the unit . Get a `` First Alert '' alarm instead -- they are better made . An alarm with shoddy instructions was probably built sloppily .
 Good ratings but bad quality . My experience is similar to others here
 This detector was highly rated here on Amazon and in consumer reports . I purchased one to replace the same unit that was malfunctioning in the house that I just bought . The old unit was giving false alarms . I would come home and the alarm was still going off . No smoke , no fire , the air is clean and clear . Now after using the new unit several months it is doing the same thing!It started going off when I washed 3 loads of clothes instead of my normal 2 . The gas dryer is vented outside , but some of the heat/humidity does enter the house . It was winter and the extra dry air accumulated more moisture than normal . I thought this would be a one time occurrence , but that was not to be . I was in the shower down the hall -LRB- door is 6ft from detector -RRB- and it went off.Lately the detector is going off EVERY time I take a shower . It did not do that when it was first mounted and activated.With the number of false alarms I have , I must give this a DO NOT BUY review.I am giving it 2 stars only because it seamed to be working fine for several months .
 We ordered 3 and two work wonderful . One has constantly gone off no matter where we put it in the house . It is defective but the literature says you have to return within 30 days . It was 2 weeks before we put these up and it worked for about 1 and 1/2 weeks . It goes off if it is even laying on a table . Changed batteries and nothing stops it .
 I never tested this to see if it works -LRB- i.e. burning toast , etc. . . -RRB- but the test feature works . I hope to never have to hear this thing go into alarm mode ... but if the unfortunate need does arise , I hope this thing answers its call to action!UPDATE November 2010 : This alarm went off in the middle of the night -LRB- no fire/smoke/or anything else -RRB- ... and refuses to stop alarming . This happened once before , and was easily resolved by cleaning the unit with compressed air . This time , however , compressed air was not able to help , so I 'm not sure if it 's a dust issue , or something else . This unit is n't even two years old now , so I 'm a bit disappointed in it 's performance .
 Unacceptable quality . Seemed fine for awhile , then started indicating a smoke/fire condition when there was none . Pushing the `` test '' button should reset the unit , but then it would immediately start sounding again . While working with the unit , I also noticed that the battery door is so poorly designed that it wo n't even hold the battery in properly -LRB- there is a spring switch in there -RRB- . I think I will try a First Alert unit .
 After a year , this smoke detector would go off continuously even with fresh batteries . Since the First Alert dual sensor smoke alarm is even worse than this one and I do n't want to be burned alive in a fire , I pretty much had no choice but to buy another one . Cheap Chinese made crap !
 I bought this smoke detector in May 2009 and now in Oct. 2010 it has stopped working , just beeps for no reason at all . Yes , Kidde has a five year guarantee , but I must find something to prove I purchased it and send it back at my expense and pay for them to send it back to me . This stinks . I will just buy a new smoke detector . This time one that costs less and not from Kidde if I can find one .
 We have bought two - the first falsely sounded the alarm and we could n't turn it off - the second in around three months also had false alarms - very upsetting - anyone have any suggestions as to a decent smoke detector on the market ? This one is a waste of money .
 I bought this alarm hoping it would be an upgrade from the EXTREMELY poor-quality Kidde alarms that came with our house -LRB- they are supposedly 3 years old but most have already failed catastrophically - they are Kidde 0915 if you are in the same situation -RRB- . However , the mounting hardware is incompatible with those alarms , so I have to take down the old mounts in order to use my new alarms . This is frankly an enormous pain and makes me think I was a chump to go with Kidde again . I would have picked another , better brand if I had n't thought I could use the old mounting hardware with the new alarms.I 'm still not sure whether I want to return these or not - still deciding - but in any case do n't buy these if you already have Kidde detectors in your house and you think sticking with the same brand will make things easier . It wo n't .
 Two stars because it worked fine for 8 months . The three or four times the kitchen had smoke , this started beeping . After 8 months it started beeping again with smoke and would n't shut off . The back says `` clean annually using compressed air or a vacuum hose . I tried this and it still wo n't stop beeping whenever the battery is in . I replaced it two months ago , and tried it again today , one last time before throwing it out . Same problem . My last Kidde stopped beeping at all after a month . I 'm trying another brand .
 I bought two Kidde P19010 Battery Operated Dual Ionization and Photoelectric Sensor Smoke Alarms last year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . They were for my rental house bedrooms as I had to comply with a new city ordinance . Well to my dismay they both failed between 6-7 months after their installation.After reading reviews of this product it looks like others are having this same problem . I will have to find a suitable replacement , do n't buy this product .
 Bought 5 of these less than 3 years ago . Two of them have now gone bad . Nothing like getting woken up at an obscenely early hour of the morning by a malfunctioning smoke detector .
 Piece of junk . Like others with this unit , it failed in a little over a year -LRB- no test . -RRB- In addition , gave many false warnings . You do not want a smoke alarm that `` cries wolf '' lest you ignore it when it 's going off for real . In addition , check out the 10 year warranty
 Like many of the previous reviews , one of the several units I purchased just failed last night and it is only a few months old -LRB- although the manufacture date is almost a full year -RRB- . The worst part is that it decided to fail at 1 AM ... it 's hard to fall back to sleep after an adrenaline rush like that.I used to buy the small cheap First Alert basic detectors that worked just fine . Then I decided to upgrade . Lesson learned.UPDATE 10/9/12
 After 2 months of using this detector , it just is n't worth the heartburn of constantly pressing a `` hush '' button which for the most part malfunctions . This `` feature '' is highly advertised in the promo because someone knows how overly sensitive this device is . Can not recommend unless you cherish standing on step ladders as a form of exercise .
 Two out of Three Alarm failed within Two years and No help from Customer Service . They are not consumer friendly , and warranty for 10 years means nothing because it is hard to connect with the company . And their warranty provision is also not approachable . It is better to buy new one than try to go through warranty process . I do not recommend this Alarm at all .
 Good thing there was no fire ! Because if there was we would of never known . I use one of these in my garage . It worked good with testing for the first few weeks . We light matches to test and also push the button . After one month , now it will only make a ticking -LRB- very faint -RRB- beep sound . Regardless of batteries . I was skeptical to buy . But you get what you paid for!You HAVE TO test these smoke alarms on a regular bases . I bet you these 5 star people do n't test them .
 I had this unit for about a year , and it died . I am very disappointed in the quality of this product and wo n't buy Belkin again . Belkin said I could return it , but I had to pay for shipping . It was cheaper to buy an APC that did far more than to deal with returning this product . I like APC .
 I had it for a month , never use it until five minutes ago . Opened the box , plugged in the wall outlet , plugged in the cell phone charger . Immediately , a loud `` POP '' and strong smell of something burning . The surge protector itself is FRIED !!! Good thing I have n't plugged in my cell phone to the charger . I unplugged it from the wall outlet , there goes straight into the trash can .
 Had to return this product when it would not mount on a wall socket to protect against wall current surges , which is what you would expect with the product name and appearance in the photo . Maybe it does what other reviewers claim , but it does not do the most obvious function you would expect .
 This is probably totally my fault , but I feel like this could have happened to anyone . I looked at the picture of this and thought it was something you could plug into the wall to get more outlets out of one outlet . That is not the case . I have no idea what it actually does -LRB- something to do with modems and/or phones because it has a bunch of phone jacks on it -RRB- since I do n't see how you can even supply it power . So , take heed and make sure you actually know what this is before you order it .
 I knew when I bought this tool that the handle looked a little fragile for my needs , it flexes and distorts easily . Sure enough , after digging a few holes this spring , the handle broke off while twisting though some light surface roots . The design and features for the planter are wonderful , but it needs a steel handle .
 Anyone who has planted bulbs in less than perfect , loose soil knows that digging the holes can be a chore . The Bulb Hound looked like the answer . I grew up planting bulbs as a kid . We used either a hand trowel or a steel bulb digger . The Hound appeared to be a major improvement on both with jaws to release the excavated dirt and a comfortable handle to hold onto . The handle is the problem . To dig down to bulb depth -LRB- 4-6 '' -RRB- , sometimes you need to twist to clear small roots and otherwise hard soil . The handle , which is plastic , bends when you twist it so you ca n't generate enough torque . The handle should be solid steel and wide enough to really get a good grip . Plus , the rivets holding the handle on the stalk are already failing after 60 bulbs so a breakdown is inevitable . If you have super-light loose soil , this would probably work OK , but in that case a hand bulb digger would work fine and cost one quarter as much . This is just not the work-horse I had hoped for and I am returning it .
 Do n't twist is right ! My unit 's plastic handle cracked before I could make a dozen holes . Will seek a new planter that has a usable handle design . The rest of the unit is built of steel , but the flimsy handle makes the whole design worthy of the trash heap . Keep looking .
 This is the great product . For the first three holes.Unfortunately , after three holes , the handle will snap and you 'll be left with a $ 25 garage ornament . Had they built the handle from metal , this would be an amazing bulb tool . The way it is built , however , it 's only a waste of money.If Hound Dog ever fixes the handle , though , it will be a great product .
 I bought 3 of these night lights on May 06 . One of them has already burned out -LRB- Oct 07 -RRB- . A problem common to each light was that they remained on most of the time , even in situations where the ambient light was of sufficent level to read a newspaper . It would take direct light from lamp or sunlight to turn the nightlights off.The only good quality was low power consumption .
 I have purchased two of these twice -LRB- I did n't learn the first time -RRB- , and all four burned out after only a short time -- around 4 to 5 weeks . I would NEVER consider buying them again -- poor design or poor quality . Buy them if you want , but my experience is that you will waste your money .
 I am a bit light sensitive and found the light coming from this nightlight unbearable.NOTE
 I bought ` FIVE ' of these night lights for our house . I ended up throwing away all of them since their brightness faded away with time . Consider alternatives before you spend money on these useless lights .
 I had high hopes for this nightlight after reading other reviews , but it is n't so hot . The light is n't very bright and quite diffused , and the light sensor is n't sensitive enough - it stays on in all but the brightest light . I ordered two , but have only opened one , and the other is likely to stay in its packaging .
 I bought a pkg of three of these a couple years ago or more . The lights all come on when plugged in - no problem . However , I bought them for the light-sensor capability and for that reason I rate them two stars . The light sensor on all of these is so in-sensitive -LRB- no adjustments -RRB- that they have to practically be in direct sunlight to make the light go out . Everywhere we have tried to use them in the house ... they are on 24 hours a day . We have had them directly across hallways from windows , some about 10 ' from open storm doors with full outside light . Some models let you twist the sensor so it aims more directly to a good source , but it does little good in most locations.If you shine a bright flashlight into the sensor , the light will go off . If you put one at a little angle from an outdoor window bright with sunlight , it will not go off . We put it on the end of an extension cord and kept moving it closer to being directly in front of the window and the light would not go out until we were about 10 degrees -LRB- maybe 15 degrees -RRB- from being directly in front of the window.Quite simply - Do not buy these if you want them to be off during daylight hours .
 This item description is completely wrong . I ordered and received it in a short period , I opened the box and found that there is accually 4 lights per box . The description says it has 3 super bright LED 's , and it accually only has one . The description also says it is color changing and it is not .
 You can really have loads of fun with these , if the batteries are n't dead when you get them . As was my case . Oh well , they make nice little finger rings , very colorful .
 I ordered this product to seal a small tear in back plastics of convertible top.The add said ultra CLEAR or super clear or some garbage about it being SUPER CLEAR.I guess it 's your own definition of what clear is.It is not my ideal of clear . It did seal the 1/2 '' tear . Now I have a 1/2 '' wide X 1 '' long Mark looks like clear door seal you would use on your house . Light shines thru kinda , but you ca n't see thru it . Just a spot now instead of tear.Not Happy with the word of CLEAR!Service and shipping as unseal was Great . It the product not the service .
 I will say that this is a very heavy and nicely made shower head . Out of all the shower heads I haver ever seen this one feels worth its weight however as a shower head it is disappointing.I am replacing my shower head because the o-ring that allows the head to swivel is leaking and the head is starting to shoot in some crazy directions - it needs a good cleaning . So I was seeking a replacement . I cam across this one and it got goo reviews but in order to get some decent velocity the spray pattern is way too wide . There is no way to narrow it down and I estimated while showering that at 3 feet from the shower head you have a 4 foot diameter cone of water . My shower was wet in places it should n't and never has been . For this reason I am looking for something different and will be returning . If you shower is huge and the head is far away from you it might work - most are not .
 I bought two of them , both have same problem
 Plain and simple -- a disappointing shower head . This was purchased as any upgrade to the 6 jet shower head . It gives a wider spray pattern but lacks the pressure stream that you would expect from such an expensive shower head . When the water is turned off , it starts leaking approximately 90 seconds later and the leakage lasts for about 45 seconds or so . Very annoying !! I am reluctant to remove any of the inside parts as mentioned by other reviewers for fear of completely ruining it . It does have a very elegant look to it but I do n't think it is worth spending $ 110 on it !
 Why I listened to people on these reviews advising me to take the flow restrictor out , is beyond me . I 've owned 5 of these things in my lifetime . They 've always been amazing . But nope , I went for it . Now the thing is in the trash . This INCREDIBLY expensive shower head - is in the trash . Once you take the stuff out , you have opened pandora 's box . And you will be blessed with a showerhead that the devil himself could n't dream up to confound his worst enemies . Ahh . But you 're going to go for it anyway , right ? Right ?
 The bulbs that survived the trip appear to be working just fine , but there were a lot of little bulb shards to clean up upon arrival .
 Although these bulbs were solidly packed in bubble wrap and arrived boxed with other unbroken bulbs these bulbs were all broken to bits when received . They were so broken that when I pulled off the bubble wrap small pieces of glass were falling out of the package so I did not even bother to open the package and just re-wrapped them and sent them back . Second set after return arrived all in one piece . Still not sure about ordering light bulbs by mail ...
 I received 40w not 75w . I 'll keep them , because I can use them -- very unAmazon . Do n't understand why this happened . Did not discover until opened .
 I opened a new package and took out a new bulb and it did n't work in any of my lamps . I thought since it was a brand name the quality would be better . There have been 4 bulbs that have either blown when I screwed them in or did n't work at all . I am only half way through the pack .
 The first bulb worked . The second bulb did not work . Technically , I did not get what I want and I do not want to return all 24 for 1 bad bulb .
 takes getting used to . often difficult to get a straight cut because it needs a perfectly straight edge for the fence . cutting an 8 foot board is tricky if you dont have much space
 I used this instead of Elmer 's wood filler for my latest project because I thought it might blend in better after staining . It does not . In fact , it is much more noticeable than the Elmers on the pine I stained . The texture is also at odds with the rest of the wood . It looks like sand.The worst part is that after I stained the piece , some of the wood filler bubbled up , causing ugly bumps that needed to be sanded down and restained . This was more than 36 hours after the filler was applied , so it is n't a matter of not letting it dry long enough . I worry that it will still bubble out after I put on the polyurethane . Awful stuff .
 I agree with Dean -LRB- previous review -RRB- . After completely following instructions on the packaging and tube , I filled in some areas in sentimentally-valued picture frame . Disaster ! Using a variety of products -LRB- including Minwax items -RRB- , this stuff does not accept a stain ! It appears that I will have to diassemble the frame and completely clean the filler from the wood . Having a simple project turn into this sort of thing is not my idea of fun ! Use this product if you have a yen for self-inflicted pain !
 I bought this product and was impressed at first with how easy it was to use . Little did I know the downside to it . I used it to fill in some gaps in a cabinet I was refinishing . It went on well and smoothed easily . There is a very small amount of shrinking so you may have to go over it again later . I applied , sanded , reapplied a little more and cleaned it . I was so excited to finally paint my cabinet . Thats when I discovered that this wood filler is not all its cracked up to be . I was able to see the areas I filled in and it looks blotchy ! I 'm so mad ! The paint absorbs differently into the minwax wood filler and you can very easily point it out . I was using a satin finish paint in black and now my cabinet looks horrible ! I just may have to redo it all over again . All my hard work , down the drain.Thanks Minwax .
 Just finished putting a second coat of stain on my bar top hoping that it would hide the Stainable wood filler that my first coat was not able to , to no avail . this product is junk and i will not buy any more minwax products ever again . I put a lot of hard work into this bar top only to have it ruined by some cheap NON-stainable wood filler . JUNK
 Does n't stain , ruined my project . Should be 0 stars . Hopefully paint will cover it . Even after sanding it off it seems like the oil is left and leaves blotches
 I bought a tube of the Minwax stainable wood filler and applied it exactly as instructed . I then applied a Minwax cherry stain on Alder and found this product to be a total failure . I would not recommend this product to any consumer shopping for a quality stainable wood filler .
 When I purchased the product , I assumed it would take stain . It DOES NOT . I called the Minwax corp and found that it actually does not accept stain . They told me if I wanted it to accept stain that I should have stained my shed withinn 20 min after filling the cracks and nail holes , while the product is still moist -LRB- the instructions say wait until the product dries completely -RRB- . My beautiful shed looks TERRIBLE because the filler looks Very , Very white . I can not believe that Minwax can get by with claiming that the filler accepts stain . MINWAX 's reputation is not what it used to be . DO NOT PURCHASE ANY MINWAX PRODUCT >
 Worst product I have ever used hands down . No need to go into detail as others have all mentioned the issues .
 Minwax Stainable Wood Filler failed to accept Minwax walnut stain . I am now left with a finished project with very light spots where the filler was used to cover nail holes . I advise you not to use this product .
 To say that Minwax is falsely advertising re
 We purchased the minwax filler over elmers thinking that minwas filler to minwax stain would be best for our new wainscoat . We were wrong ! The wood filler does not take stain and has basically ruined our stain grade crown , trim and wainscoat . The stain around every filled nail hole has a blochy/orange-ish spot even after proper drying of the filler and sanding . If I could give this product a rating less an a 1 I would ! After reading all the reviews and adding mine , makes me wonder if the positive reviews are real .
 Title says it all this stuff is nothing more that high strength acetone . You can get it at any hardware store for a fraction of the price .
 Glass thermometer broke due to sever cold weather here in northern New York . Concept is good .
 This looks like a verry good gun and I Wan na ' Buy This , but it does n't even have the nozzle size listed -LRB- I need a gun for detail work -RRB- , if anyone knows what it is , please respond to comment .
 I have a house with six sliding glass patio doors out onto our patio and back yard -LRB- '60s California construction , got ta love it -RRB- . Each of these doors is fitted with one of these sliding pin locks . Over the years , several of these have deteriorated . I ordered four of these -LRB- the maximum quantity order from this vendor , I suppose it 's the most they can ship within the stated shipping price -RRB- . The manufacturing quality of this item is generally shoddy . Of the four assemblies received , two were defective , one so bad as to be unserviceable . I solicited and received a replacement part for the unserviceable item , and the replacement part was also unserviceable.Not a terrifically big deal , given the low price and the legacy status of the item , but if you 're depending on getting two working units I recommend you order four to have a good chance of getting the two you need.If you 're looking at these for a new application rather than direct replacement of existing security locks , I would advise you to consider other more modern alternatives .
 We were looking for a knob cover that our 3 year old could n't defeat . So , we started looking for one-piece covers . It turns out , this is one of the only models that exist in a one-piece . Unfortunately , it will only fit on the smallest of door knobs . In addition , it scratched our knob up sliding it on and off . Finally , the pressure required to turn it is excessive , even for a strong adult . This also caused more scratching.Overall
 They are stiff , hard to compress and get a grip on the handle with , and they do not work on our ever-so-slightly cone shaped door knobs . A two-hand job that will cause you time and frustration when trying to get out of the house with bags , kids , etc in tow ! `` One step ahead '' was a brand very very similar that worked well , from this pic , I could n't tell the diffference , but its all in the quality of the plastic ! . . disappointed as I like the style !
 This is a worst product you can buy.It came with all broken apart in pieces and plastic , not Aluminium . From my experience , 10W does not work that well . instead of this product , buy `` Paradise GL22688BK Low Voltage Cast Aluminum 20-Watt Spot Light , Black '' product . for the same money , you get 20W and Aluminium and works very reliably . -- This is a follow up review as of 1/18/2013 . I returned the product with my expenses and I received an e-mail from the seller that I would be getting a refund , but three weeks passed and I saw no refund . Amazon should NOT do business with this company . Worst ever . Disappointed .
 The cylindrical housing around the lens is attached to the body in a very flimsy manner and comes out easily
 I have just installed a system with both these 10W and some 20W lights , too . You would think they would be the same in all respects except the bulb . Actually , the 10W do n't come fully assembled like the 20W and they are very weird to put together . It is n't much ... you just have to screw the stake part on , but when you do this the wiring gets twisted and twisted . Poor design . The 20W ones are constructed of much sturdier feeling materials and I would only order more of these in future .
 I installed 10 of these for a client , trying to save him some money . The connectors were very difficult to use . They are flimsy and made poor connections . The bulbs kept burning out and connections failing . Save your money .
 I bought one of these reconditioned . Out of the box - worked fine and looked like new . However , soon after within the next 4 months or so i noticed the adjustable speed feature was not working and it would run at full speed and then slow down to the set variable speed and then suddenly rev up to full speed again and so forth . Figured i got a deal so have just set it on full speed . Used the machine for 2 years now - it 's actually a great size and weight for trimming , but it is incredibly LOUD . I mean really really loud - this is by far the loudest tool i own and it just screams above the rest . The adjustable speed feature is gone and ONLY runs top speed . The base which is supposed to lock the body in place can slip during use and affect the depth of cut . The height adjustment on the base does n't really work anymore . Oh yeah and ever since i first used the tool it has always been a positive pain in the neck to change out bits . There is a red lock button you must hold down to lock the shaft to loosen the collet - but it is a real trick to get the lock to engage with the shaft . Again I bought the thing cheap and reconditioned and maybe that has something to do with these problems . I like the size weight and power . But now I 'm looking for a non-bosch replacement now with the same features size and weight .
 I 'll give the Bosch Colt 5 stars . It 's a great trim router . As far as buying refurbished units , I 'll not do it again . At $ 95 used vs $ 115 new , I 'd take the new one any day . The first unit was so beaten up that I had to return it . I 've had tools that are 5-6 years old in my garage that is in better shape . All scratched up , cord starting to crack . To there credit , and this is the reason for 2 stars rather than one , they exchanged it without much hassle . They wo n't cross ship it . But return shipping is free . The second unit is a bit better . Just a bit . I 'm worried that with the amount of use , how long the motor brush will last before replacement . To those who got an ` almost new ' unit , you are lucky . That may not be typical . This whole process took me over 2 weeks , a bit of hassle , and in the end I saved $ 20 . Not worth it . Definitely not worth it . Save your self the hassle and uncertainty and go for the sure thing . Buy a new unit .
 The motor cut out on the first pass and refuses to restart . I 'll send it back and get another since the features on this seem to be the best of the lot for the price , but you would think they would do a better job of thoroughly testing these before they send them out for resale - factory reconditioned should be more than just cleaning it up .
 I had an old , cheap Craftsman stud finder that worked well but died . I bought this one to replace it but it 's terrible . There was no consistency to the readings - one pass it would indicate a stud , and then the next it would not register anything .
 does n't work . i echo the other review here that says that it 's inconsistent , gives different readings each time , AND , unique to my experience , i had to go back to the hardware shop when i opened the darned thing and a piece flew out , and it would n't close properly again . very poorly made , piece of crap equipment . i wish i had gotten the craftsman one instead even though it was about 5 bucks more . definitely worth it if it works ! which is more than what this poor excuse for a tool can say about itself .
 We have had this type faucet for 4 years now . The design of the body requires 3 separate large rubber o-rings to keep water from leaking out from the top and bottom . These need regular re-greasing with silicon grease or the faucet is hard to turn , and leaks small amounts of water which lead to mold and discoloration . This gets worse over time . I have replaced the o-rings in the hopes that things would get better , but it was only a slight improvement . It 's just not a practical design . My wife hates this faucet !!!
 We have a Newport brass kitchen set in our house that is only 4 years old and the spray head is leaking . Absent the original invoice for the faucet set the company will not stand behind their product . Needless to say their 10 year guarantee is worthless . Considering the premium price they charge for their products , their customer support is horrific . Avoid like the plague .
 I just bought what I thought was a beautiful replacement faucet for my old leaky faucet and now this one is leaking too after two week of use ! I do not recommend anyone buy this model !
 I bought these lights after years of using the cheap plastic malibu outdoor lights . They are very bright -LRB- using a 18watt bulb -RRB- and look very sturdy.The main problem with these lights is the stem . The stem is a 2-piece construction and the light assembly is heavy . The result is I have had several light stems snap where the 2 pieces join togeather . It seems like to much stress is placed on this point . I have gotten tired of replacing lights and am now looking for a good light with a better design .
 I found and purchased these safety glasses based on the performance of a pair purchased 15 years ago -- yes they lasted that long till the temple broke . However , these new glasses have a very poor quality lens , they scratch at the slightest use during a construction project . These are not the glasses I expected . Most disappointed .
 I think the concept of this woodworkers respirator is great but unless your a very small person or a child these will not work . I am 5 '11 and have an average size head . When these are properly installed the bottom part of my mouth is exposed and does not fit properly . When it is fitted around my mouth , it does not fit right around my nose . The rubber mask needs to be a little larger to conform around the areas it needs to cover .
 the mask is fairly small , appears to be cheaply made especially the rubber strap - this strap will not stand the test of time . had i actually seen it in the hardware store i never would have bought , particularly at the near to $ 15 price . To me , the price/value would be more apt in the $ 8 range . It certainly does not look like the pic on amazon - the pic makes it appear larger than it is , the surface area of the filter hence will be limited in it 's ability to handle larger volumnes of air over time - but then they want you to buy replacement filters faster .
 I have ordered a fair amount of stuff from Amazon over the past week , and have noticed some major changes in the MO of how Amazon seems to be treating customers , prompting me to do these reviews , the first I have ever done . At the time of doing these reviews , I have n't even received some these products , but I feel I must share my experience and opinions with other all of you who spend money with Amazon and make its executives very rich ! Please check out some of my other reviews relating to Amazon changing the vendor , price and shipping rates on the same web page/product several times within a 24hrs period . What I now call Amazon roulette shopping.This review is related to choosing I `` FREE Super Saver Shipping '' . It seems to me that if one opts for `` FREE Super Saver Shipping '' , Amazon will intentionally hold up some of your orders at their distribution warehouses . The evidence for this with this product is that at the time of writing this review , on the product page they make the following statement . `` Want it delivered Monday , October 27 ? Order it in the next 14 hours and 8 minutes , and choose One-Day Shipping at checkout . '' I ordered this and other products ` Order Date
 The main complaint I have about the mask is it 's fit . Initially - it felt a little uncomfortable - but I got used to it where it did n't bother me to wear the mask.I was really excited to find an economical dust mask that I could replace filters and not spend too much money on the filters . I still have 2 packages of replacement filters that I 'll probably never use - after replacing the filter once - the mask no longer seals around my face.I think they could fix the problem if they had a dual point attachment connecting the strap to the mask . But it attaches at one point like a pair of swimming goggles so there 's not alot of flexibility to adjust the fit.My conclusion is you get what you pay for - and I 'm currently looking for another alternative to replace this respirator . It worked well initially - when I could get a good seal around my face.Jake
 ** CAUTION ** Seller does not ship the `` Posey '' brand.I received a cheap knock-off brand called `` Wander '' . Seller was unhelpful , and I had to file an Amazondispute to get a full refund . During the dispute Idiscovered a similar item on Amazon called DrivewayPatrol with a 400 foot range and a better quality feelfor about $ 15 . It accurately alerts me each time mommakes a move .
 I work at a chemical plant and frequently have to inspect very large tanks by looking in from the top of the tank . I need a very good flashlight to do this . I purchased this light with hope it would do the job . The problem I had with this flashlight is there is no on off botton . Therefore to turn it on and off you have to twist the top of the lamp . The threads were very fine and somehow I managed to strip the threads completely within 24 hours of recieving the flashlight . The top of the flashlight now will no longer stay on the flashlight.The flashlight did generate enough light to see the bottom of a large tank but I can not work with a flashlight that could fall apart at any moment because the threads are stripped out . It is a very good flashlight if you treat it in a way not to strip out the threads . I do not know how I stripped the threads that easily .
 I ordered this and am somewhat disappointed . Due to the low-flow toilets we own , we only buy Scott brand 1000 sheet toilet paper to avoid clogs . The description of this product specifically says it will accommodate both single and double size rolls , but that 's a stretch.After I cut out a hole in my wall and installed this TP holder , I was astonished to discover that it 's extremely difficult to put a fresh roll of TP into the holder . The fit is too tight , both in the width and depth . After I finally managed to snap the roll into place , I found that the roll fits so tightly it rubs against the top of the unit . Of course after the roll is used up a bit , things loosen up and all is well again -- until the roll is used up and it 's time to repeat the whole process again.This TP holder is basically some thin wood stapled together into a box shape surrounded by some painted framing boards . I would recommend that if you end up buying this , try installing a roll of TP in it BEFORE you cut any holes in your wall . If your brand installs easily and fits nicely , you 'll be fine . But beware if you use the larger double rolls -LRB- i.e. Scotts 1000 one-ply brand -RRB- -- it 's definitely a struggle to install and the roll wo n't roll until it 's about 10 % used up .
 I bought this due to price to use in my blacksmith shop . From the start I was having problems using it to cut diffrent size metal for diffrent projects I was making . I mounted the saw on a post in a vertical possision which it had trouble working this way causing some parts to break . I sent it back for a refund and it was returned with no problem . I then bought another saw of a diffrent brand mounted it in the same way and it has worked with out problem ever sense . This might be a fine saw for normal type use but for me it was a disappointment .
 Short and sweet
 I bought a pair of these clamps thinking well I can now clamp up to 7inches on those deep projects . -LRB- 1 -RRB- the clamps get stuck on my 3/4 pipe when I tried to size up the clamp to the work . I had to move the jaws left-right-left back and forth in order to move the clamp up and down on my 3/4 inch pipe . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The clamp handle used to tighten the whole thing is attached to the top jaw by a tiny explandible pin . Well I bought 2 of these to try and the pin pops out on one my clamps making it useless . Rather than spend money shipping back for a return I decided to eat the cost for 1 clamp . If I tried these clamps out sooner upon receiving them I would have sent them back to the seller . I own a few Jet products and all are quality stuff , how they let this get through I do n't know ???? I AM NOW ONLY BUYING AMERICAN MADE CLAMPS
 Do n't buy this product . The feeder hose comes out of the box at ground level and thus must make a 90 degree turn . The hose was kinked at this point as it came out of the box . There is no way to fix the kink . The only possible way this product can be used is if the left side is hung out over a deck or step so the hose can come straight down and make a gradual turn . I went to ACE and got an elbow and some hose clamps to make the turn . No way a customer should have to do that!Johnny
 The good : Heavy dutyGoes together easily -LRB- I had to trim the ends off two rails to fit a slightly smaller base -RRB- . The Bad : The wheel locks are a joke ! In other words the locks do n't lock ! On the swivel casters , a little pointed piece of metal , and I mean little , presses into the side of the plastic wheel . How well do you think that works ? It does n't ! I can move my table saw around with wheels -LRB- swivel and stationary -RRB- in the locked position and you would n't know they were locked . A total joke . The swivel wheels , if they did lock , only `` lock '' in one direction , in other words , they will still swivel even though the wheel is -LRB- supposedly -RRB- locked.When you look for a mobile base , make sure the swivel casters -LRB- 1 -RRB- lock , and lock well in both directions , rotation of the wheel and swivel , called dual locking , or -LRB- 2 -RRB- they release -LRB- like the Rockler recommended below -RRB- to allow the tool to sit on feet.Prior to buying this base I bought a Rockler baseRockler Complete Mobile Base w/Caster -LRB- Wood Not Included -RRB- . I was not all that impressed with the Rockler mobile base , mainly because it took more time fussing around ; you supply the wood for the rails -LRB- no big deal -RRB- but it requires cutting , some reasonably accurate drilling , and knowing some tricks to getting the fit right . -LRB- See Rockler reviews for tips -RRB- . Not that big of a deal , after all we are supposedly home improvement types , right?The next mobile base I buy will be another Rockler.By the way , you can also buy just the lever wheel mechanism that 's used on the Rockler base . I may retrofit that to this base so this base does n't become a total waste . In the mean time I use a crow bar to raise my table saw and set it on 2x4 blocks to keep it from moving . I have yet to find the nirvana of mobile bases . So far , the Rockler is the best I have found.Didn ' t mean to make this into a Rockler mobile base review , but hopefully this will save you the grief and disappointment that I have experienced with this base .
 it stinks it rolls very hard it turns very hard it is very very hard to control it is nothing like the htc models
 I had purchased the Jet Mobil Base with the Jet Jointer . In order to make the Jointer fit this base I added a piece of 3/4 plywood . Still not being satisfied with this match up I replaced the Mobil Base with the HTC base made for this Jointer . The Jet Jointer and Jet Mobil Base is a bad match up . It 's a good quality Universal Mobil Base and I will find a use for it with some other equipment . Just not with the Jet Jointer .
 The fixed rear wheels on this base make it difficult to move in any direction except straight . Also , it does not fit a 6 '' closed based jointer such as the Jet very well -LRB- even though it is listed as an accessory for that jointer -RRB- . I had to do some cutting and drilling to make it workable .
 The base is well made , assembles VERY easily and quickly but has a major flaw - the LOCKING wheels do not lock well enough to prevent the saw from moving when you cut heavy material . This is dangerous and makes accurate cuts of larger material impossible . The rotating casters are the worst offenders.I 'm disappointed because it is a well made unit and Jet usually produces good quality products . As an engineer I view this as a design flaw rather than a quality control issue .
 I 've been using this base under a jet contractor 's saw with cast iron top for a few months now . The base is very sturdy , strongly made , and rolls smoothly . The big problem is that the wheels do n't lock solidly , and I ca n't trust the saw to stay in place when I cut a large piece of plywood , etc. . I 'll probably buy a different base for the saw and use this one on something else like a drill press that only needs vertical support . Bottom line is it does n't do the job for a table saw .
 I ordered one of these in October ... I put it together last night and I have to say I 'm disappointed.The good part of the design is the wheel module at each corner is all one piece - you do n't have to bolt anything together . The only other parts in the box are the four bars that connect the corners together . Each corner has two spring-loaded pins that go into holes in the connecting bars - again no bolts.That 's where the good parts end .1 -RRB- The connecting bars have pre-drilled holes , but the holes do n't extend all the way to near the end and therefore I ca n't securely lock the bars in place along the long edge of my Jet 18 '' bandsaw ... steel is quite thich ... 2 -RRB- Two of the casters can swivel around 360 degrees , but the other two ca n't swivel at all , which makes it tricky to roll it where it needs to go .3 -RRB- Each wheel has a brake but even when all 4 are firmly engaged , the wheels will slip a bit . If I 'm pushing stock through the bandsaw , I can feel the whole thing move.Mine ended up costing -LSB- less -RSB- after the rebate ...
 This kit is not worth your dime . Just opening the package shows inferior quality , and I had never used an HVLP gun . The overspray is just absurb , there was a thick cloud just after a few minutes of spraying . Actually the only good part of this kit was the couplings that I used for my quality PorterCable PSH1 -LRB- which I recommend highly , but that 's for another review -RRB- . DeVilbiss should be ashamed to be selling such a lousy product .
 I bought this drill as a kit with the 6 '' saw and have been very disappointed . This drill replaced an older 14.4 V drill , which I used professionally . The 14.4 was a superior product . Even though I only use it at home , the 19.7 runs rougher , sparks a lot and has a no-brand chuck that seizes up . -LRB- unlike the Jacobs chuck on the 14.4 -RRB- Even once you brake the chuck loose , it has a tight spot that after a few turns feels tight again . The only advantage the 19.7 has over the 14.4 is the battery release.Like other users on this site , I have gone through many batteries . I have burnt up 3 batteries and one charger in 4 years . I do n't even use the saw much , so the batteries have not been abused.The only positive I give this product is the power , which saved the drill from getting one star.It seems that nobody makes a quality cordless drill anymore and everyone has downgraded their products for Home Depot/home owner sales . Is it a coincidence that Porter Cable drills lost quality when they started having someone else build them overseas ?
 Ok , call me a glutten for punishment . I already had the 19.2 combo with 6 '' saw , so I knew the batteries were junk . They burnt out b-4 they should and the charger went bad too . As far as the saw and drill , they worked well . I was going to cut my losses and throw them away . Then I saw Amazon was throwing a third free battery in with this kit , guess they knew the batteries were junk too . Well the first battery charged o.k. , but then the charger malfunctioned . I like P.C. , but the batteries/charger on these units are junk and I got suckered into buying it again . Amazon is replacing the charger though . I would not by this again even with 2 free batteries , buyanything else .
 I bought the driver and saw kit and the hammer drill kit . In the first year I replaced the drill/drivers three times ... while under warranty . The saw worked well and the flashlight was the best part of this kit . Now it is a couple years old and the batteries are dead and at $ 90 each I am not replacing them . I bought Hitachi this time with a five year warranty . I wasted $ 600 on the Porter Cable junk .
 In a previous review of this drill press table the reviewer mentioned the fact that the fence shown was not the one shipped . I will go one up on you ! I did n't receive the rip fence , hold down clamps or the hardware to install any of them . I opened a large Amazon box that contained only the table itself in a Jet box . That was it . Jet could do nothing for me as far as sending the accessories box and Amazon has still not located anything like it in their inventory . I had to build my own and I 'm out the extra time and money .
 OK , after waiting a few weeks on backorder , I just received my Jet 708119 Industrial-Duty Universal Mobile Base from my favorite online store , Amazon . `` Industrial '' ? With all due respect to Jet and some the other reviewers here , you 've got to be kidding me ! -LRB- I deducted one star for every $ 10 by which this unit is overpriced , but ran out of stars . -RRB- Word
 1 . I bought 3 , only 1 arrived with all the parts . The packaging ruptures in transit apparently spilling the contents across the UPS warehouse .2 . Had 2 replacements sent ... they too ruptured rendering neither unit usable . Sent them back .3 . Then I talk to India for awhile trying to explain things .4 . Then I get a replacement order for 1 ... not 2 . The unit was complete ! 5 . I 'm hopelessly wrapped up now in the Amazon return purgatory , I think I 'll be paying for 4 or 5 as I tried to return 2 units in one shipment . Do not do this . Return any item one for one . Do not try to save UPS $ $ $ you will not get credit as Amazon logs the return based on UPS labels.Anyway , I highly recommend the product for stability on a 14 '' band saw and a shaper . I hope to get the 3rd unit shipped after I get out of return purgatory , but by that time I 'll probably have paid for 4 or 5 .
 This base would not immobilize my Super Saw for use . With all four casters locked , it still moved when I leaned on it . Also , it requires locking/unlocking each wheel independently -LRB- a pain -RRB- and it seemed no matter which way I moved the saw , one of the swivel casters was under the steel plate , requiring me to bend down and engage the butterfly lock with my hands . There is no privision for leveling/stabilizing the tool . In contrast , the Delta contractor 's saw base I replaced it with has one big lever you step on , after which you can literally spin the saw around and nice big adjustable rubber feet to stabilize it . Definitely worth another $ .
 I like Porter Cable tools , but there 's something wrong with the 19.2 V batteries these otherwise well made tools use . They are very , very short lived and it 's difficult to get Porter Cable to replace them under warranty . Until they improve the batteries I 'd try another brand .
 Bob Duren , NW FloridaFirst I am a die hard Porter Cable fan , they are the best hands down . I own about everything they make . I salute them for having an innovative approach to new battery technology but this `` tower cell technology '' or 19.2 volt network line is junk . They discharge too quickly and one of the two batteries included with this combo set is basically dying according to the charger diagnostics . I bought a new 19.2 battery and it also quickly discharging . I have requested two new batteries from porter-cable and will see if they stand behind their product as usual . I am a sub contractor and must mention they see serious use . All my other porter-cable tools are outstanding and I have NOT had to replace one over the years of use . This battery -19.2 volt is a lemon . The saw and drill are excellent though . Wait until they correct the battery problem before buying this excellent combo . Meanwhile buy from another manufacturer . Caveat de emptor
 I bought the 19.2 saw/drill combo and it was a total waste of money . The tools themselves are well built and sturdy but the batteries are complete garbage.I used the 2 batteries for maybe a total of 20 hours and one battery is already defective and you get about 5 cuts out of the saw before the battery dies!I ca n't even use this saw.When you use the drill the battery holds up better but who cares , I am a fencing contractor and thought it would be great to have a cordless saw to cut fence boards without dragging a cord and heavy saw out on the site , with this kit I still have to , if I do a small repair it might be useful if I do n't need to cut more than 5 boards . Until they replace this 19.2 battery DO NOT waste your money .
 I bought the driver and saw kit and the hammer drill kit . In the first year I replaced the drill/drivers three times ... while under warranty . The saw worked well and the flashlight was the best part of this kit . Now it is a couple years old and the batteries are dead and at $ 90 each I am not replacing them . They were not used that much either ... as the tools were broken half the time ! I bought Hitachi this time with a five year warranty . I wasted $ 600 on the Porter Cable junk . Some sharp lawyer ought to file a class action lawsuit on this tool .
 I 'm a Porter Cable fan . Their tools are great , but these 19.2 V batteries are junk . They do n't hold any energy . They weigh a ton but are weak as kittens . You can charge up a new one , out of the box , and it will be run down in 5 mins . of medium use .
 PSI offers a version of this connector , reviews of it are also available here at amazon . I wish I had read those reviews before buying this . The PSI reviews are more critical and more numerous than those for the Jet version , and not knowing to look there , I decided to buy this and give it a go . My mistake.Well , on the plus side , its well made , solid and the correct dimenstions.On the negative side , I do n't have any 4 '' OD hookup that fits securely in the tapered end of this connector . Sure , all of them will go inside to some degree . Most will slide in about 1/2 '' , some a little more , and some only about 1/4 '' . None of them make an airtight seal . They will pivot in the taper under vacuum pressure and allow air gaps , reducing static pressure significantly.Worse , nothing seems to want to stay put . Any bump on the hose , such as tapping it with a board or your elbow , will usually cause your hose to pop free of this connector . And I do not mean bumping the hose near the connector , but instead near your tool . Yes , the connection is really just that delicate and weak . I spent more time reconnecting , twisting , mashing , tapping , etc. , my splices into this quick disconnect than I would have by just loosening a clamp , sliding hose over a standard connector and tightening the clamp again.This is NOT a complete solution . What is lacking is the male counterpart connector , which should have a tapered end to match that on this female connector . I can not find that such male connectors exist . Perhaps they are in the works and we 'll see them soon.Fazlok by Woodtek has done this scheme right , or so I tend to believe by reading some reviews of it . Both sides are tapered to match each other.However , I do n't own and have never used the Fazlok products . I wo n't therefore endorse them . As of this review date , Woodworkers Supply seems to be the sole reseller for Fazlok -LRB- I could be wrong -RRB- . Result
 I was hoping that this would save some time by not having to attach clamps each time I switched to a different machine . That has not been the case . The fit on most of my machines is not good . The connector simply slips off after a few seconds . I would reiterate what another reviewer said about wrapping the port with some duct tape . I did that on my planer and it seemed to help . I 've gone back to taking 10 seconds and tightening the clamp each time I move to a different machine . This was n't worth the headache for me .
 I purchased this jig on Craigslist for $ 35 . The manual is horrid , I used the manual online for the Woodstock 12 '' jig . Google it , and download the PDF . After I used that manual , I made a dead on dovetail in about 5 minutes . The other gripe I have is if you set the clamps too tight , the knobs pop off and you have to reglue them . I used some irwin quick clamps to assist me . There is not a heck of a lot of science to dovetail joinery if you just understand the basic measurements which the Woodstock manual covers very well .
 I received this as a gift for what I thought would be an `` upgrade '' from an old Craftsman dovetail jig . The Craftsman saw some heavy use . If not for the plastic construction , it would probably be still in use.I have also had several opportunities to use the Porter Cable 12 '' dovetail jig with excellent results.I have over 25 years experience as a woodworker , building custom cabinets , furniture and other specialty items.The first time I attempted to work with this Dovetail jig , to add to our bedroom set of Honduran Mahogany , I was livid . The instruction manual is the most useless piece of misinformation I have ever laid my eyes on.Set your router bit 7/8 '' below the base as they recommend , and see what happens . One look at the results and it is obvious that this will not produce a workable dovetail.If you have countless hours to spend trying to figure out how to make this dovetail jig work , go for it ... If you want a dovetail jig that will work for YOU - look somewhere else !
 I purchased this and have now returned it . The instructions that come with it give very clear instructions how to assemble and line up the and wood , but not clear at all on setting up the routher to use with it . The instructions walk you through one setup , using I think it was 1/2 '' material , but if you 're using different templates -LRB- that they sell -RRB- they do n't give you any instruction for setup using the other templates , nor do any instructions come with the template . I contacted JET and they mailed to me some further instructions , but they were still very hard to understand . Also unless you dedicate a router to this jig you have to set it up , trial and error , every time till you get it right , then cut your parts . It took me 3 hours and lots of scrap lumber to get a good setup , then the parts cut rather quickly , but my router bit was almost to short to hold in the collet , and wanted to keep pulling down on me . -LRB- I was cutting 3/4 '' material -RRB- . I think I 'm going to try the Porter Cable brand jig , even though it does n't have the quick clamp system like this one does .
 The set up of this jig is totally trial and error and the instruction booklet is loaded with errors . I could n't believe you actually have to remove some parts to get at adjustments . The set up guide instructs you to do the first trial cut at a bit depth of 7/8 '' . This is extremely dangerous because if you are experimenting with narrow stock , the bit will dig into the metal jig . That 's what happened to me , causing a brand new carbide dovetail bit to disintegrate . I 'm lucky I was n't injured . This is a dangerous item and I do not recommend it to anyone .
 My husband had a porter cable 14.4 drill and had been drooling over this one . Well I bought it as a gift for him . First use he noticed that the chuck had a wobble in it . He has only had it for a couple of months and the wobble has gotten increasingly worse . Now it 's getting to the point that the chuck wo n't even hold onto a drill bit . Maybe I just got a bad one but I would n't buy this one again .
 Ordered this PC drill to replace my 5yr old 12volt PC drill . The 12volt was great - I 'm keeping it to use around the house on small projects . Still the original batteries , etc. . That PC drill was worth every penny . This new 19v however , I 'm not so sure about . Yes it has great torque , I love that it has a all metal ratcheting chuck , but ... the chuck on my drill seems to have an issue.Trying to get a bit or a driver in the chuck w/out wobble is a mission ! I 'm not acustomed to this problem . I have 3 drills and have never had this kind of problem . I 'm hoping it 's just a defect . The nice folks at Amazon are sending a replacement and we will see how it goes . My only fear is that this is a design issue and not a defect . If so , I 'm doing what everyone else is doing these days , buying a Milwaukee . I hate to abandon PC who usually makes a great product , but I use these drills for a living and I ca n't afford to play games.Updates when I get the relplacement ...
 I own a number of P.C. tools and have generally been happy with them . I bought a 19.2 volt Drill Driver about 2 years ago and it has provided very good service . However I just bought a companion 19.2 Hammer Driver on 7/11 . Well the other day with about the third or forth work day of use on it the gun started to smoke from the back and slow down . The battery heated up and it smelled like mealting plastic , so i stopped using it immediately . Guess I 'll have to send it back and try again . All my other 19.2 tool work great . The Tiger saw is a work horse!Well its August of 2006 and my PC Hammer Drill torqued up in a tight spot and the trigger jammed in the `` on '' position . By the time I got it pulled out of the hole the insides burned up . I guess this was my fault but I would hope that a tool of this caliber would not fail so quickly under adverse conditions . I 'm gon na buy a new one just to have the batteries . I think I will also raise the rating to Three -LRB- 3 -RRB- stars .
 I have had one of these drills for almost two years now . The plastic handle around the trigger flexes when you are drilling . In other words , the motor is about to snap the handle casing ... this drill can only handle mild tasks .
 I bought this drill and the drill and saw kit . In the first year I replaced the drill/drivers three times ... while under warranty . The saw worked well and the flashlight was the best part of this kit . Now it is a couple years old and the batteries are dead and at $ 90 each I am not replacing them . I bought Hitachi this time with a five year warranty . I wasted $ 600 on the Porter Cable junk . I noticed that most stores are carrying this line anymore .
 I have one of this in a Quad pack and it is a waste of money . although the power is ok you cant keep the batteries charged . I spent a lot of money trying too figure out why the drill didnt last long and i came too an conclusion that the drill and Porter Cable Sucks . For real power and Juice BUY RIDGID TOOLOS .
 By the title alone , you should be able to tell that I like the drill most of all in this package . It is indeed VERY powerful and the hammer-drill function really powers through concrete block -LRB- common wall material here in Florida -RRB- . The flashlight is also nicely designed in that it has a movable head and takes advantage of the flat base of the battery.I will also say that the `` Tiger Saw '' recip . saw has proven it can cut through any nail I have thrown it at , but if you have more than a few to cut , put it away and lay out the exten . cable and pull out the 120V recip . saw , as both batteries will go dead trying to cut out more than one door frame or a couple fence posts.The circular saw is the weakest part of the package , as I expected it would be . It sucks batteries dry even faster than the Tiger Saw and is in my humble opinion underpowered even at 19.2 volts . However , I have spoiled myself by using the best quality corded circular saws over the years , so that should be of little surprise.Now , I am lead to the real weakness with this package ... the batteries and their charger ... Only thr flashlight and the drill -LRB- when using in wood -RRB- hold up long enough to get one or two jobs done . The batteries also wear out and go `` bad '' far too quickly and at their insanely high replacement price , are hardly worth it . They also have a rather annoying design , which while better than some competitors designs , still leave somthing to be desired . The worst part is the recharger , which only can charge on battery at a time and takes about an hour to fully charge -LRB- when the battery is completely discharged -RRB- . I have had this tool set for going on three years now , and it has taught me to appreciate corded tools for their true worth as inexpensive , more powerful and longer lasting ! I only use tools from this package when I only need to use them for a VERY brief period or when a corded tool is simply more trouble than taking an hour long break to wait for the battery to recharge.My personal reconnemdation would be to forego this particular kit and go with one that does n't include the circ . and recip . saws . Or , if a cordles saws are a requirement , carefully consider other brands and/or a 24V system . Also , while I am VERY pleased with the drill overall , if I had it to do over , I would have chosen a brand with less expensive replacement batteries and a 15-30 minute charger that can charge 2 batteries at once .
 I bought the driver and saw kit and the hammer drill kit . In the first year I replaced the drill/drivers three times ... while under warranty . The saw worked well and the flashlight was the best part of this kit . Now it is a couple years old and all four batteries are dead and at $ 90 each I am not replacing them . One of the chargers died too . I bought Hitachi this time with a five year warranty . I wasted $ 600 on the Porter Cable junk . I noticed that most stores are not carrying this line anymore , doubtless due to massive warranty returns .
 I got a customized email from Amazon targeted at me recommending this product . It makes me wonder why Amazon would recommend this tool when it has such universally poor reviews.Herb Mann
 The jig itself does the job just fine . The fine tuning is acceptable . However , I was only able to make around 50-60 tenons on this jig before the set screw which holds the turn handle on gave out . It stripped entirely too easily , despite the fact that I was using the correct sized allen wrench to adjust it . The set screw often did n't stay set , so I affixed the proper sized allen wrench directly to the jig with a magnet . So , now , I 'll need to drill out the hole and put in a new set screw.The method for affixing the turn handle to the jig is sheer folly . I 've checked out the Jet tenoning jig and , as of about a year ago anyway , had a much superior design . If I had it to do over again , I would pick up the Jet or Powermatic.The deficiencies in this jig remind me of the problems with Delta 's mortiser -LRB- which I thankfully steered clear of after using it in a class and noting the many problems with how Delta botched the set screw adjustments on it -RRB- . Delta makes some great table saws , but some of their other tools are n't as highly rated in my book .
 I 'm a pretty patient guy , but this tool really pushed the envelope . Disassembling and cleaning was no big deal , had some problems with screw holes that had some pretty bad burrs on em , took a couple of hours to clean , and reassemble . As soon as I mounted in my miter slot , I noticed it rocked pretty badly , thought maybe the guide was out of whack , but it turned out that the base was no where close to flat . It was almost a 1/8th of an inch out . When you would press down on the blade side of the guide , the outboard side had an 1/8 of an inch space between it and the table . I double checked the instruction manual , but could n't find any way to `` adjust '' it out . Called Delta , no joy there , they said it must be my saw table top . I have a Dewalt 746 , have had it for a few years now , and my table is flat . Turns out the base was incorrectly machined , the bottom side is not flat or parallel to the top of the base . Called Delta again and they had no answer other than return it and get a new one from the store . Took it back to HD , they were n't very receptive to replacing it , wanted me to wait while they returned it to Delta and got it fixed . One of the `` tool '' guys told me they have returned a number of these jigs ... guess that is why they were on sale . At any rate after more than an hour of hassle , I demanded a refund and took my business elswhere . I went to my local woodworker store -LRB- where I should have gone to begin with -RRB- , they have about 5 differant jigs in stock and they took the time to show me the good and bad about each one they carry . I ended up buying the Shop Fox D3246 . It cost 10 bucks more than the Delta , but is heavier built and has more features . I have quite a few Delta tools in my shop , and I am pretty much satisfied with their performance , but this makes three Delta tools I have returned in the last few years because of shoddy workmanship and pretty bad customer service . I also think that HD has seen the last of my money for anything . Would n't recommend this tool to anyone .
 ... I think Delta gave this item to a rookie to design , and I 'll bet they did n't give it to a woodworker to test . Nothing about the left/right movement makes sense . It 's either too far from the blade , or the workpiece is sitting on the metal base of the tool . The part that holds the workpiece is fine , so if you buy this thing , figure on redesigning the base , and attaching it to a better miter bar . The bar that comes with it does n't have slop adjustment . ...
 I bought this after using the older model and was very disappointed in the quality of the castings and the hardware . The old one , which is still available at a lower price , is a better made piece of equipment . The `` deluxe '' version is sloppier in its movements and reminds me of the junk we used to see out of China several years ago . Of course the simple operations required of this jig may not require it to be sophisticated but its still disapointing . I sent it back and bought the cheaper one from Delta which works great and I like the handle placement better .
 I purchased this jig despite the negative reviews published on Amazon.com . The fine woodworking magazine recently rated this jig as the best overall value . The jig is made in China , and the casting meets all expectations of an inferior casting . If you buy this product be prepared to tap all of the screw holes , otherwise it can not be assembled . It is too bad that Delta management is moving production to low cost countries . It 's time for me to fine a new reputable manufacturer of woodworking tools .
 I have been anxiously awaiting the arrival of the DELUXE TENONING JIG for some time now . I chose the deluxe model over the standard one due to the implied better features . If you call 20 % fit and finish , pieces that appear to be used , touch-up paint on a very large surface , chipping paint , threads that do n't fit well , gobbed in cosmolene , machined -LRB- term used sparingly -RRB- surfaces appear to have been made with a hand file , and packaged by someone who had mistaken this tool for something that only weighed 12 ozs , then I received what I expected . However , I did n't expect any of the sub-standard workmanship that came in that dilapidated crushed carton . The only way that I can think of that I would be more sorely dissappointed would be if it were broken in half . Why did n't I return it , you may ask ... I will keep it around in plain sight to remind me that DELTA has exported all their once fine and dependable machinery and jigs to be manufactured in a country that is notorious for shoddy workmanship and materials that would n't stand up to any real scrutiny . Shame on you DELTA ... you sold your fine name to make an extra buck . Unless things change radically , you wo n't see very many more of my bucks or those of my woodworking friends either.You do n't know how sad this is for me ... I always touted your products to all I know.I will withhold any further condemnation until I have put it to use .
 The tendoning jig does n't fit my Craftsman table saw !! I have written the seller , Temberline , numerious times . I was finally told to grind the washers off that are located at the end of the guide . This will void any warranty . I have asked for other solutions several more times and have not received a reply . Now I have been requesting a return authorization , and still with no reply.This seems to be a great tool but is usless to me without a proper solution to fitting it to my table saw.I have jst purchased a Delta mortising jig that works fine.David E. Formby
 I be happy to review this product when I finally get it !!! Coming up to two months and waiting !!
 I bought this for a Delta contractors saw . Of course it came with the track slide in the wrong position , so I had to disassemble it and move the slide . When I put it back together using the supplied Allen wrench , the set screw for the adjustment handle stripped . Then I discovered that the jig has too little travel to make tenons in thin material , which was what I needed it to do . I 'm throwing away this useless POS and buying the Jet .
 Delta should be embarassed with this item compared to the company that made my Unisaw . Oh I forot Black and Decker ownes them now . The old heavy Delta jig was one of the best and now the 34-183 then 34-184 ; keeps getting worse . I also have a deta grinder and drill press , which I like so I am not a delta basher.This may be the worst item Delta makes , in quality and design as other have noted . The metal of the screws and plastic handles look like something on a $ 10 jig.Buy the Grizzly .
 The only good thing I can say about this jig is that I bought it from Amazon and they took it back and paid for shipping . None of the problems in the previous negative reviews have been addressed.The screws are still weak and line up poorly with their holes . The jig wo n't square to the saw blade -- the recommended squaring method is to loosen the mitre guide screws and retighten . But the jig is too far out of square for that to work . The paint is still dorky . And the product description implies the work plate tilts to 45 degrees . No . It tilts to 78 degrees only.My previous tenonning jig from Grizzley was lost in a move . It had better fit , finish and function at 1/3rd the price . Buy the Grizzley over the Delta .
 I recently purchased the DELTA tenoning jig from Amazon . When I received it , it was immediately obvious that the base plate was seriously warped and would not sit flat upon my table saw , or even my bench . I found the part number in the booklet provided and called Delta to ask them to send me a replacement . To my surprise , Delta said that THEY DO NOT PROVIDE PARTS FOR THIS ITEM . Their suggestion was that I return the jig to the store where I bought it and to TRY another one . Well I returned it alright - than you Amazon for your courtesy and efficiency in handling the return - but I was not about to buy a product for which I could not get parts . So I bought a tenoning jig from General and am very happy with it .
 I 've used Eagle cans for at least a decade . They are safer and sturdier than the common plastic cans . My existing kerosene and gasoline cans have held up well over the years . This can is an example of shoddy workmanship .1 . The plastic handle pulled off on the first use . The rivet was not closed and slid out .2 . The can is not completely painted . There are bare metal spots around the spout , spout lid , metal handle attachment welds and on the handle.This is a very disappointing purchase from a company typically known for quality products .
 After finally getting the yellow funnel off , you still ca n't open it far enough to put anything in it . I gues you are suppose to submerge it to fill it . I threw it in the recycling bin .
 I try to buy the highest quality products I can . I bought this can because I thought it would be ALL metal and I have had nothing but problems with plastic fuel cans and cheap plastic parts . I have purchased Eagle cans in the past and they were all metal and the photo/description implied that this one would be also . This one has a plastic handle , which may not be a problem for some people , but I see it as a weak link in an otherwise durable can . Also , with all the little crevices molded into the plastic handle , it will be nothing but a grime collector when diesel spills on it , making it a PITA to clean and use . Yet another cheap and dumb move by a company trying to reduce costs and increase profits . What could this be saving them , $ 1.00 a can ? So charge me more . I would rather have the quality than an item that is inferior or breaks down the road and I ca n't use . Then I am out the full cost of the item . Apparently the company does n't really care about the frustration their customers have with product quality.Worst part is , I ca n't return because it is a fuel can -LRB- though I have n't put fuel in it -RRB- . I guess I will live with it , but no more Eagle products for me .
 The can looks and feels great . The major drawback is that it 's missing a separate fill hole/cap . In order to put gas in the can , you need to remove the funnel . The wear-and-tear on the funnel looks like it could cause the funnel to break easily . No mention anywhere that you can obtain replacement funnels . Otherwise , the one handed operation of the can has a good feel although the balance with a full can is somewhat ackward .
 On arrival , I could not get the lid to open . It took about 15 minutes to get it unstuck . It was almost as if it was glued down . This has to be the worst design for a gas can I 've ever seen . It is very difficult to get the lid open wide enough where a gas nozzle would fit . You almost need two hands to hold it open that far . I 'm not looking forward to trying to fill the thing . The same problem makes it extremely difficult to place or remove the funnel . When the funnel is on , there is not enough clearance to fill the can . I think it would be dangerous to put the funnel in place when the can is full of gas since you would be likely to spill gas all over yourself . To top it all off , Amazon wo n't allow the return since it could potentially have had gas in it , even though I have n't put any in the can , and will probably throw it out . What a rip off .
 I do n't know how we members of the baby-boom generation survived our youth without child-proof caps , safety belts , etc , But somehow we did it . The safety features of this gas can make it impossible for me to fill it at the gas station or pour the gas into my chainsaw when I get home . I am not weak . I just finished splitting a cord of wood by hand . But it takes all my strength to open the cap just a bit , and my wife finds it impossible . If I ca n't open the cap to fill or empty the can , the can is by definition , useless . All I want is an old fashioned gas can with a screw cap . But Big Brother ca n't trust me with a simple screw cap . I grieve for the next generation .
 I received this Eagle Kersone Can this afternoon . The box it came in was open . There was no instruction manual that came with the can on how to use it . Just a regulatory compliance guide . The painted instructions on the can are uselss . I finally figure out through trial & error on how to open the lid . Considering how much I had to pull on the lever to get the lid open . It would not be easy to fill up , unless you wire the lever to the handle . Or put a board under the lid to keep it open till it was full . I have other kersone containers that are easier to fill up & to pour out . I would n't recommend this Kersone Can .
 I was very pleased with this Eagle Diesel Safety can until I found lots of very credible online sources indicating galvanized steel containers are not appropriate for storing diesel fuel . The sulfur reacts with the zinc and you end up with particles in your fuel system that cause damage . Eagle Manufacturing would not answer my email inquiry on this subject . I will be replacing mine with a good plastic container .
 There is no doubt this is a quality made product . It blows away the so called `` EPA '' plastic cans that have been forced upon us . However , the can Amazon sent me had a large dent near the handle along with chipped paint . There was no damage to the box that I received it in so it is virtually impossible that it was damaged during shipping . See uploaded photos . There is another review of a similar product from the same manufacturer that mentions a very similar dent . Maybe Amazon is selling factory seconds ? Amazon conveniently wo n't accept returns on this product so I am stuck with it . I will buy another one of these cans in a larger capacity but not from Amazon !
 I had such high hopes for this gas can but it sadly dissapointed . I tried pouring gas from the spout-result = major dripping . I tried pouring gas without the spout-result = gasoline river . The only way I got it to work , -LRB- kind of -RRB- , was without the spout and resting the edge of the gas can right on the edge of my lawn mower 's gas fill edge . The only thing I like about this gas can is the cap that opens and closes with a squeeze of the handle . Watch your fingers when you close it . It has a very strong spring ! Look elsewhere for a gas can .
 `` IMPORTANT
 Pros : Meets OSHA standards.Cons :1 . The can can not be filled with the funnel attached .2 . The funnel is not designed to be removed/refitted repeatedly .3 . The funnel is difficult to put on and take off . I know now why they sell replacement funnels for this product .4 . The lid does not lift open far enough to permit easy filling at the gas station .5 . The handle to lift the lid is plastic , and its mounting points do not inspire any confidence that they will last more than one season.I made the poor decision to purchase three of these at one time , and they are not returnable .
 I bought this can because it is metal , yellow -LRB- proper color for diesel -RRB- , seals tight , and has a pouring funnel . Starting from 5 stars , I subtracted one star for the plastic handle which seems destined to fail earlier than a metal handle would . Then I learned that galvanized steel should not be used to store diesel fuel -- my John Deere manuals explicitly state that this will create a zinc sludge that will clog my fuel filters and damage injectors . So , I had to subtract two more stars . Perhaps it does not deserve any stars since it completely fails to do the thing that I bought it for -LRB- i.e. store diesel fuel -RRB- but it is a really nice can . So now it stores gasoline -- I just hope that no one uses it to fill my tractor .
 These have a really , really basic problem - they fall off . Another reviewer mentions using duct tape to hold them on - which completely flies in the face of their purpose - to quickly move the hose from machine to machine . The plastic is too hard and the taper is n't designed properly . Manufacturing quality is n't great - they are only more-or-less round and given the taper problems and hard plastic , the results are n't good
 I had hopes that these Quick Disconnects would make it easier for me to move my dust collection hoses from machine to machine . The theory was sound , however , these units will not fit onto the outlet ports securely enough . The threaded end fits onto the hose as expected . The opening at the other end is about 4 '' and then tapers to about 3 7/8 '' to ensure a snug fit . The problem is that most of the taper occurs in the first 1/4 '' . This is not enough to secure the hose without tape , etc , which defeats the purpose of a Quick Connect/Disconnect . I have tried to gradually open the ID without success.Bottom line is that these fittings disconnect well at random times . I just can not get them to connect securely so that I can use them .
 I tried to use this thing to connect to the 4 '' output of my delta jointer and planer , but it just does n't fit that great ... I do n't know if I 'm just dumb or what , but I was under the impression that it should attach to any machine with a 4 '' dust port . It did n't fit my machines ...
 Gave this a low rating after having to replace the battery that came with it would not hold a charge after less than a year and very limited use . Great drill with functioning battery .
 This drill did not get used every day but it did get used fairly often . I am surprised that this weekend while driving some relatively small lag bolts , the gears stripped out . This is the end of a rather lackluster tool . Before this untimely death I had experiences other dissapointments , including a chuck that would freeze and require two pairs of large pliers to release , a strong ozone smell coming from the motor , and battery life that was quite a bit shorter that the Makitas that I owned before this one . I went with the Porter/Cable brand because I thought I was buying American . I now believe these are made in Mexico . I think I will go with a Panasonic to replace this one because of the good reviews for battery life and real metal gears .
 I own a 19.2 Porter Cable drill driver and another Hammer Drill . Of the four batteries and two chargers , one of each died within a year under not-so-heavy usage . I 'm going to try Dewalt , Makita , or something other than P-C , especially after my P-C palm sander just went up in smoke today .
 Even though the PC brand has always been very respected by me , as of late they have really been letting me down . I purchased 2 new batteries exactly 1 year ago and they are already junk , even under light use and complete cycling . The reciprocting saw fell apart , and the circular saw has no lasting power as compared to other brands.Even though I do n't want to , I will be replacing them with a different brand , maybe the new Millwaukee or the Ridgid line , as Ridgid offers free replacement batteries for the life of the tool , a definite plus .
 The batteries hold a nice charge , when they function correctly . I 've had just a little over 2 years , only recharged a handful of times -LRB- did n't get a lot of use in -RRB- and now it wo n't take a charge . This is poor quality . I think the suggestion to look at something like Rigid is a good one , that 's where I 'm headed .
 I 've had to replace my charger , and purchase two new batteries -LRB- 8823 Model -RRB- -LRB- which lasted only 1 year of minor use -RRB- . I am very disappointed in this product and Porter Cable will no longer receive my business . The batteries should at least be cheaper if they wo n't last long . Never again ... Porter Cable should be ashamed .
 I own the 19.2 hammer drill and the 19.2 sawz all . I love the power these tools have but have had 2 batteries fry and now one of the chargers is toast . Will be replacing with different brand !
 These batteries are junk . I bought the driver and saw kit and the hammer drill kit . In the first year I replaced the drill/drivers three times ... while under warranty . The saw worked well and the flashlight was the best part of this kit . Now it is a couple years old and the batteries are dead and at $ 90 each I am not replacing them . They were not used that often and I took care to cycle them throughly when charging . I bought Hitachi this time with a five year warranty . I wasted $ 600 on the Porter Cable junk .
 I ordered the 31 '' x 19 '' sink and it was exactly what I wanted but it arrived with a shattered backsplash ! Packaging was terrible ! Arrived in original box - they never packaged it in another box with styrofoam or packing pillows . When I asked to receive another one , they said it would be too expensive to send . The damaged sink still sits on my front porch , 3 days later , waiting to be picked up by UPS ! First ever bad encounter ordering from Amazon site . I was able to contact Imperial Marble and found I could get this sink from a local hardware store - only a dollar more!Well , this is an edit . I am none to happy with this vendor ! That rotten , broken sink still sits on my front porch - after over a week ! First they told me to discard of it , which means I have to pay the transfer station for discarding two sinks ! I told them to have UPS pick it up and they said they would if I removed my feedback ! I should just be happy that I received a credit!I now have this sink and installed it today - it 's really nice ! If you want one , look up `` Do It Best '' hardware stores nearest you . Oh , one correction to my last posting
 I bought this planer as an upgrade to my little 12 '' delta planer , i thought this would be perfect , a planer AND molder all in one . Boy was i WRONG , , , , , this thing sucks !!! I am yet to use it as a molder , i have n't owned it a week yet and i am ready to sell it or give it away !!! Basically , the first call of duty for this machine was about 20 lengths of 1 x 8 x 8 poplar . Should be a simple task right ? To get them to 3/4 '' dimension from 1 1/8 '' rough took about ohhhh 2 days !!!! I figured a monster like this could easily take off 3/32 '' every pass , nope !!! i could n't get through a whole board without it stopping , for some reason the rollers would just stop feeding it through i would have to lower the bed and start all over , me and 2 other guys could not pull the board from the out-feed side for NOTHING !! The only way i could get even halfway successful passes was if i only tried to take off about 1/64 '' every pass , so you do the math !!! that took forever !!! The manual says adjust roller tension , roller heights etc and i adjusted it from one extreme to the next and every setting in between and this thing will NOT work as a reliable planer !!!! the only good thing is , when it does actually feed the wood through it comes out REALLY SMOOTH and its easy to almost have no snipe . I do n't know why this machine wont work properly , i think dust collects under the out-feed roller and causes it to bind but i have a 1 1/2 hp JET vacuum attached to it with about 10 ' of hose and yes some sawdust and chips do build up under the hood , but why ??? I have used other planers , , , even much smaller ones that did n't have this problem . I am sooo furious , after about 30 calls to customer service , , they basically quote verbatim whats in the manual , , , then finally during the last call the guy in tech support flat out said '' ya just got to keep on trying and eventually you 'll get it , , just keep adjusting '' WTF ????? Everyone complains about the made in china stuff but as soon as i sell this i am going to buy a shop fox !!! DO NOT BUY THIS AS A STAND ALONE PLANER !!!
 Purchased this tool 2 1/2 years ago to replace an aged Makita and used it lightly for home remodel and weekend projects . I 'd say it has been a very good tool , but recently the clutch died despite the fact I rarely changed the setting . It also had the tendency for the chuck to loosen up during use and drop the bit despite being well tightened . I 'm disappointed with the durability .
 Before I found out the fact Porter-Cable/Delta had been to sold to B&D ; , I found Porter-Cable tools to be of high quality , and very reliable . Alas , the future is quite dark for Porter/Cable loyalists . For now you will get no more than grown up toys not a high quality professional tool Porter-Cable was famous for . Now though instead of replacing my Porter-Cable tools with more Porter-Cable , I will look elsewhere for the same level of quality.Do not get me wrong , once upon a time B&D ; made very good power tools , but in the last 15 years or so I have found them suspect , even the more jazzed up DeWalt , so called porfessional tool , is not what it once was . What a mess .
 I purchased this drill after realizing I needed a new charger for my old PC 12 Volt . My thought was to buy the new drill and use the charger to keep my old batteries and drill . Seeing that the new charger worked with both 14.4 V. and 12 V. I ASSumed thia was a logical step . Why would anything in the tool world be logical , no need for modularity since we can throw out the old and buy new , better stuff.So , I bought the damn thing . My new batteries are now shot after 1 year of mild use -LRB- or the charger is shot -RRB- , the new charger wo n't charge the old batteries , and I 'm looking at more drills , batteries , or charger purchases.I refuse to buy another PC drill even though the torgue was good and not to heavy . The batteries would n't hold a very long charge -LRB- somewhat forgivable due to a lighter battery weight -RRB- but what really turned me off was the non-modular systems and the total disregard for past products that worked ok -LRB- but needed a new battery/charger -RRB- for the idea that a new better product exists . Thus , I say farewell to PC and hello to Makita or Panasonic - which I should have done before my last PC purchase.ww
 Love Porter Cable tools but their battery chargers leave much to be desired . It is not really a smart charger . You can not leave it on indefinatly . Battery heats up & in my case melted . This is a potential fire problem . Most decent chargers have an on switch & they automaticlly shut off when the battery is fully charged .
 I 'm going on the third charger in 3 years . I 'm not happy with it at all . PC will do nothing . Love the drill and saw , but will NEVER but PC cordless anything again ! Im an electrician , so i use this stuff daily . Hope this helps you stay away from PC cordless tools .
 I have always used Porter-Cable products until they started to produce their tools overseas . My charger also burned out and had to buy another . The way to remedy this situation is to charge the battery then unplug the charger . Once this drill takes a crap , I 'll be looking to replace my cordless with ANYTHING but Porter-Cable !
 I have owned the Porter Cable 12 volt cordless drill for years and find it an excellent tool , BUT the battery chargers that come with them or replace the originals are terrible . I have had two of them fail -- they suddenly start showing that every battery connected to them is defective . I will never buy another PC cordless tool . A cordless tool , not matter how wonderful , without an adequate battery and charger system is worthless .
 The 19.2 Sawboss that I use the batteries for is great and it 's my favorite saw . Now as far as the charger goes it dies after 6-9 months . Now when plugged in it is totally dead and charges nothing , just plain dead . This is my third charger in a few years . I expect higher quality from the old Porter Cable of which now has cheapened up it 's entire line making this charger and battery system I need obsolete . I do n't know if leaving it plugged in too long is a issue ? I like to charge the battery overnight and return in the morning to a fully charged battery , not a dead battery & worthless charger .
 The Porter Cable cordless tools are great . The chargers are crap . Bought one to replaced the one that crapped out that came w \ the drill . Lasted 6 months . Good luck getting P \ C to take care of it . Will be purchasing Makita cordless tools from now on .
 For all of you that have been living with the failures in this product -- here is a potentialsolution that is financially viable and will `` keep you running '' !! I have tested this and it works great!Just hook up the slide batteries -LRB- the two outside clips which are B + and GND -RRB- to a good ol car battery charger and haveat it . Give it an hour or so on charge and your batts will be fully charged . Just be careful of polarity -LRB- put a vom on the battery terminsls to be safe -RRB- to get power and gnd straight.I too am very disappointed with PC -LRB- nickname piece of crap ! -RRB- .
 Ok , the PC chargers suck.The burn out way to fast , so I take my SKIL charger and charge the PC batteries off that.It charges them to 21 volts works great.If you look at the SKIL charger if you go left to right Like 1,2,3 It is the oppisite on the PC battery.Just run them 3,2,1 . You will see green on the SKIL blinking at a steady pace.I bought 19.2 volt drill , case , batteries , bad charger at a garage sale for 5.00 . If you need more info email me at toddtimmons@yahoo.com
 Beleive or not this is the e-mail I got back from Porter-Cable customer service when I asked them if they thought my charger should have lasted more than three years . I had to buy the thing anyway to keep using the tool -LRB- which is a good one -RRB- . Like the vast majority of the others here , I found the original charger -LRB- and apparently the new one -RRB- are , inexplicably , j-u-n-k . Take the vow of no more PC cordless tools with me now .
 This is a cheap product , not worth the cost of shipping . the `` Diamond '' '' particles are gone after one use .
 The Powermatic 31A Belt/Disc sander makes an impressive addition to any shop that already has a working machine . The unit is sturdy and good looking . The two heavy tables are esily adjusted and the T-miter slots were a nice surprise . It even comes with a small gauge , belt and disc . The belt moves smooth and easily when propelled by hand , and the disc appears true . The belt tension mechanism is quick and accessible . Despite being in the shop for over a month , an assessment of finishing quality has yet to be made . Upon initial start-up , noise and vibration were excessive . The motor overheated , tripping 20 amp breaker . Confirmed the motor was factory wired for 115V . The motor subsequently fails to wind up and can not drive the belt/disc shaft.Powermatic was contacted about the defective motor . The Customer Service Representative was polite , but advised that it was Amazon.com 's problem , warranted or not . Amazon.com has made a good faith effort to provide a functioning tool . But a new motor was incompatible with the tool power drive and new drive component , likewise , incompatible with said motor . Offered to return everything . Still waiting for instruction on return , repairing original motor or obtaining correct drive components for new motor that will not void warantee . The good folk at Amazon.com appear ill equipped to deal with Powermatic , and Powermatic does n't want to deal with end user.Summary
 I have made numerous purchases from CPO tools , an amazon seller , and all has gone well , even the return of a damaged contractors saw . I decided to once again use what I thought was a reputable on line seller for my latest tool purchase.I have been a woodworker for 40 years and having recently retired I decided to replace some of my older equipment . The belt sander I had was the fourth Taiwanese made tool to self destruct in the last year so I decided to replace it with an American made tool . I had seen references to Powermatic bringing production back into the US . I emailed CPO Tools to confirm the Powermatic 31F was indeed American made . Their answer - Yes , this is made in the US.I ordered the sander and guess what it said on the box when it arrived - `` MADE IN TAIWAN '' . I was very displeased having been mislead so I contacted CPO and they told me I could return it . They said I would be contacted by Powermatic for return instructions.A week went by and no contact so I called again and was told someone would contact me . Yet another week and no contact . A third call finally led to an email with return instructions . I was informed that I would have to arrange shipping , pay for the trucking charges and ... . Pay a 25 % restocking charge - almost $ 500 out of my pocket to correct their mistake . Two emails and 2 additional phone calls and NO RESPONSE !!!!! After 4 weeks with no satisfaction or contact I concluded that I was indeed stuck with another Taiwanese junk tool.I tried to keep an open mind when opening and assembling this tool . I hoped that my fears would be unfounded and find Powermatic was a quality tool - Well fool me twice !!! After unpacking the tool I discovered the base was bent , the upper hinged sheet metal cover was bent , the hardware package that was supposed to be there was n't . After reading through the instructions I discovered that you do n't need the hardware , they now preassemble.I needed to convert the motor to 220v and per the instructions made the conversion and tested the motor . The motor and pulley vibration was so bad it vibrated my wrenches right off the stand . I needed to have a longer cord than the 6 foot that was supplied but the cord restraint would not accept the heavier cord I had so I needed to modify it . I also needed to replace several of the screws and re-tap several holes due to poor quality threads . There were no wrenches for the metric hardware supplied . The belt sander table was poorly finished with very sharp edges and I managed to remove several chunks of skin . The upper belt sander drum has about .030 '' runout.When finally assembled the sander has the following characteristics . With the table installed the actual belt sanding area is 6 '' x 7 '' . The belt sander CAN NOT be tipped unless you remove the table or remove the angle clamping screw , they run into each other . To use the table in the flat position you must also remove a mounting plate if you are sanding anything wider that 6 '' . If you need to remove the stop bar at the base of the belt you must also remove 2 hex bolts.This is my first Powermatic tool and it has not been a good experience . I believe this is very overpriced compared to other Taiwanese sanders with comparable or better features . Clearly poor workmanship shows . Unless you like spending 8 hours fixing and putting your sander kit together you should consider another make.My next tools will not be Taiwanese made Powermatics !!!!!
 They do not service their own items and the companies that do are few and far between . The balance of quality and power are not equal . If you push this drill to operate as it is advertised you will ruin it . Mine sparks everytime I let go of the trigger . It has been used four times and all of the drilling was into soft woods . Buy a Dewalt if you want a quality cordless drill .
 I have the previous all plastic case version of this tool . It has given good service since 1999 . I wore out the second set of batteries and bought the 9966 because the batteries were compatible with my old tool.The new PC drill has been used maybe 10X . It looks near new . The gear box broke and it wo n't shift into low gear . The metal case also cracked by the gear shift.I used the heck out of the old tool and it still runs strong . This new replacement is a downgrade . The gear box should not break.Glad the new warranty is 3 years . Now hope it can be repaired.I would not buy one of these . After thinking about it , it seems a very stupid idea to use die cast or injection moulded metal in an application that is expected to receive impact loading such as a portable power tool .
 I purchased a 12v cordless drill/driver 2 years ago . One of the batteries that came with the package began to fail after a year . The motor failed at the 2 year mark . The motor replacement cost was $ 80.00 , almost as much as I paid for the drill . After 2 years for light use , I used the drill for around the house projects , I had an unusable product . Needless to say I would n't buy another Porter Cable drill and I would n't recommend this drill to anyone . I expected this drill to last longer than 2 years .
 Nice variety of accessories , but cheap metal , poor China construction . One of the connection pieces had a beyond obvious flaw from the factory . The first 3 threads were not alligned and a large notch went through them , making it basically unusable . The blow gun is too small , designed for a child maybe . The valves do not thread snug with the air hose , heavy tape needed to stop severe air leakage . Not what I would expect from Porter Cable .
 Obvious low bidder type kit . Threads are poorly done and require lots of tape to seal . Most parts in the kit are not needed and the individual would be better served to buy what is really needed in an individual high quality part and not have a lot of left over parts of dubious quality .
 I was dissapointed with the quality of this item . The air gauge fell apart when I opened the package . It was made of cheap plastic . The tire fill attachement is also made of cheep plastic and does not work well . The other metal parts are of good quality . They should have kept the same quality throught the package .
 Well you might be saying to yourself , hey they 're cheap.Guess what , that 's because they 're cheap . As in of low quality.Mine leaked air , I paid to return them - and it was worth it .
 This kit gave me the parts I needed when I first bought an air compressor . However , the fittings are cheap and I ruined my good hose trying to tighten the kit 's male plug enough to stop it from leaking . I have since purchased new plugs to use with my tools . Also , the tire chuck is good for the money but I 'd spend more for a good system if I could do it again . One more problem
 You can get the same kit at Harbor Freight for under $ 7 . Cheep stuff for a big price .
 I purchased this tool in May of 2004 for my shop . An a middle-aged amateur with diminished eyesight I chose it primarily for the laser guide and initially found the device to be a terrific advance for electric miter saws . However , after using the tool no more than 20 times the laser stopped working . Following the phone advice of the Porter Cable technician I removed the cover to expose the laser switch wiring and found everything to be intact . Ditto with the remainder of the tool 's wiring . As irritating as it was to loose the use of the lasers on such a new tool , I was equally disappointed that rather than sending me a new switch , or lasers , I was told to take the saw to a local shop for repair . I am not sure what the repair cost will be , or how long I 'll be without the tool , but I do know I 'll not buy another Porter Cable -LRB- or Delta -RRB- power tool.Although the basic tool is solid and sports a rigid adjustable fence , I already had a power miter saw without lasers . I rate this tool 2 stars because of the lack of overall quality and mediocre customer service .
 This bell arrived , and I set about installing it as shown , dangling from its belt spring . The problem ? A customer would have to slam the door with enough force to break the glass to get the bell to ring . The clapper inside is much too small for a bell that is supposed to ring with the minimum jiggling that it would get from a door opening and closing . I had to remove the bell from the spring , re-attach it with some copper wire to make it dangle better , and then find a replacement clapper to get any type of ring out of the thing.Also , the holes drilled into the band spring were crooked and therefore the bell lists off to one side.Don ' t waste $ 20 on this poorly constructed product .
 I used one on only one piece of furniture , the allen wrench fruitless whirled around rendering the `` interchange '' parts all useless . The sawdust collector appears not to be connected to the unit at all . Dust all over the place except in the holder . I tried 2 of them and will return the second soon - Worthless - correct your flaws Black and Decker !
 I wore this unit out in less than 90 days . The RO sanding base lost its hooks , the mouse base broke , the dust control unit fell off and the finger attachment would n't stay in place . I returned it , bought the little mouse and a better RO sander and spent the same amount of money . It was an appealing idea to get all of those tools in one , but the whole package does n't stand up to more than light duty .
 I bought this some time ago to use as a general sander . It is too light duty and too much `` try to please everyone , '' though . The thing makes waay to much noise , I hope MY dust collector -LRB- not ONCE have I taken dust out if it since it has never collected any -RRB- fell off , it seems that some plastic piece rattles around in that area and is magnifying the noise the sander makes . As I said , although this sander does sand , I would not recommend it even for medium jobs , such as sanding a piece of wood with rough paper -LRB- grits 50 , 80 , 120 -RRB- before you get to the finish -LRB- 220 + grit -RRB- step . It just takes too long to sand with this sander.Also , a * big * bother for me
 Sander okay for small sanding project . Dust collector fell off after first use . Once supplied sandpaper with kit is used , it is impossible to locate additional paper .
 I bought the original Mouse sander and it worked very well for the money . This mega mouse sander has the same comfortable grip as the original but it simply lacks the power , the durability and the shape to tackle bigger jobs . I have gone right back to my belt sanders -LRB- my favorite belt sander is my Porter-Cable -RRB- My other problem with the mega mouse is that the accessories are so expensive . Check the cost of the accessories if you plan to use this sander a lot .
 Fortunately a roomate left this behind so I did not purchase it , but it was barely used . The first time I used it the iron shaped plate , it melted and broke where it attached . I followed the directions so I do n't think I did anything wrong . The Dust collector has never collected any dust . I have used it for a few more projects just as an orbital sander , but now the Velcro on the round plate has started coming off , which after some research , I have found is a common problem . I suppose I could buy a replacement part for it , but I think I 'll just buy a dewalt sander interwar . It does n't polish , but we use one at work regularly with abuse and they 've never given us any trouble and the dust collector works !
 This sander is good for consumer use only -- and works well . My problem is that neither of the big box stores carry a good selection of sandpaper for this model and at best they sell one or two grades in 5-piece packages . If I could find the sandpaper in all grades -LRB- 60 , 80 , 120 , 180 , 220 , 320 -RRB- in bulk I would be a happy camper . Since that 's not the case , it 's not a useful tool and paying over $ 1 per sandpaper change gets expensive .
 My guess is that these reviews were all written by DeWalt 's marketing department . The day after I bought this rotating laser , it stopped working , and I had to argue with the dealer to get it warrantied . In addition , I found it time consuming and not so simple to set up . I wo n't buy another laser from DeWalt .
 This is the third item I purchased from Grizzly and all turned out to be JUNK . This set of tools is no exception
 The Zipsaw is a great idea . Unfortunately , this tool is under powered and struggles to complete most medium duty tasks . I found the Zipsaw useful for hobby projects like cutting balsa wood , cardboard light guage plastic etc.My other two problems with this tool are no. 1 it is way too loud and no. 2 it gets too hot during use.Clever idea but disapointing quality and performance .
 I got a zipsaw for Christmas , for light wood & metal-cutting around the farm , and I 'm happy with its performance . It 's not a 60-dollar scroller saw , but it is plenty adequate for occasional use and worth the price . I 'd have given it a 4 or 5 if it were n't for the difficulty of getting the special replacement blades the Zipsaw requires . If I 'd know this up front , we would n't have bought it.It has been discontinued by B&D ; , and I suspect part of the reason is because the Zipsaw will ONLY take its own special type of blades , not regular jigsaw blades . I tried several brands of various jigsaw/scroller saw blades , including Black & Decker 's , but nothing else fits because of the peculiar `` hole grip '' its quick-change blades require . If desperate , one might be able to grind or drill a jigsaw blade somehow ... . ugh ! Bad idea , since I ca n't find any local source for replacement blades , and Black and Decker 's website and 800 number were useless . The lady referred me to DeWalt 's website -LRB- they now own B&D ;-RRB- , but it looked like you could only order blades from their Parts Department , priced per blade -LRB- and they did n't give the price -RRB- . And DeWalt 's number is n't even toll-free ! I got lucky and found someone online who was dumping a bunch of zipsaw blades very cheap , and picked up 20 packs of 11 ea. , which should last us long enough to not feel like Black & Decker burned us too badly . There are other online discount sources -LRB- as of Aug ' 07 -RRB- , since apparently Black & Decker just dynamited down their stock of replacement blade packs to cheapie re-sellers , not giving a second thought to those of us who bought the Zipsaw . This will keep me from ever buying a B&D ; tool again.My advice ? If a light-duty saw is enough for you and you can buy it at a steep discount , go ahead -- but FIRST go online and make sure you can score a dozen or two of the blades you 'll need for the next few years . If not , just buy a regular jig or scroller saw -- but NOT Black & Decker . We already know what kind of after-sales customer service to expect from them.ADDED , October 2010We 've used it about 6 or 7 times since then , mostly small jobs . Today we tried to change blades and the blade release button would n't work . The spring felt the same , and looking down the throat with a flashlight did n't help . The spring-operated lever that the button SHOULD push seemed intact , and sticking various probes & dental tools did n't work . After a frustrating half-hour we decided to take it apart -- another lovely chore . All but one of the Torx screws that hold it together came out readily , but one needed some -LRB- probably nonexistent -RRB- `` extended Torx '' bit . I scraped enough of the plastic case away to make a regular T15 bit work , with a pair of pliers & much cussing.That did NOT release the two halves of the plastic case . The black plastic mechanism around the blade has to come loose . I did it by banging it backward -LRB- back toward the cord -RRB- with a wooden block . However , the case still wo n't separate . And exposing more area of the blade-lock thingie has n't helped . Looks like a piece of plastic on the button itself has broken , but pushing against the spring-loaded metal lever -- that SHOULD release the blade -- has n't worked either . I may just dump the thing and try to find another cheap one on eBay , since I have hundreds of extra blades now.I am not impressed with Black & Decker junk . I should have just stuck with my old jigsaw and scroller saw.Good luck if you got stuck with one of these . Mine is getting very close to the trash can today , and I wo n't waste much more time on this junk tool .
 I bought this jig saw based on its ergonomics and its ability to be used in projects beyond cutting . However , I had to return it due to some issues :1 . It is underpowered . It was extremely difficult for me to cut through wood , even though it was n't as thick .2 . The cuts are not straight as it is very difficult to cut when you have to `` push '' the saw for it to work . My arms were hurting when I finish cutting a piece of pine measuring 3/4 '' x 12 '' x 3 '' . This saw has a very nice attachment , ostencibly to use one of the borders -LRB- which needs to be parallel to the cut -RRB- as guide during cutting . However , you need to have at a minimum distance between that border and the cut of about six inches . In my case , the width of the piece of wood was about 3 inches so it did not work .3 . It has plenty of nice accessories -LRB- such as an add-in for sanding -RRB- but one can also do so by using a drill , with a sanding kit.Very nice looking tool , but not as useful as I expected . I bought the Black & Decker JS600K -LRB- which is the same manufacturer as the HS600K -RRB- and the difference is noticeable . The JS600K is not only more powerful and useful but also it is $ 10 cheaper.If you are looking for a sig saw , do yourself a favor and do n't get distracted by the multitasking ability of this machine .
 I received the HS600 for a gift . Loved the case , etc. . Used it about twice before it dislodged and internal part that pretty much chewed up the internals . Thought about getting parts and fixing it but after reading the other reviews ... maybe not .
 Though a useful tool , for what it is and does ... . WOW !! $ 440.00 !! Just imagine , a small piece of chain linked fence with some directional tines on it . What a concept !
 I wore these gloves while splitting wood with a wood-splitter . The bark on the logs is rough and wore through one of the thumbs after only 5 hours ! If you 're going to be doing real work , I would not recommend these . For light duty work they 'd be OK . The fit is nice .
 These are in no way heavy duty . Period . I am surprised that Dewalt lends its name to get gloves . Poorly made . Wo n't last a summer and clearly not HD .
 I purchased this based on the many positive reviews it received . However , my experience was unfortunately the same as two other minority reviewers . The Battery took its initial charge and unit worked fine . Next time I needed to use it , after spending a couple of months on the shelf , I expected to need to recharge it -LRB- the drill not me -RRB- . No dice though , battery will not take a second charge . So it 's your call whether it 's worth the 5 % risk of getting a dud . I have taken 20:1 odds on other Amazon purchases , so I 'm glad it was not too expense an item that turned up craps . It 's beyond Amazon 's return policy so I 'll need to see if B&D warranty lasts more than 90 days . Not betting on it .
 well you may have read my previous review praising this tool . It IS a good tool , but I 've checked ... Amazon and so on , and I can not find a battery for this tool.I even checked the -LSB- manufacter -RSB- website , nothing listed . So be wary , you may only get to use this for a short timethank you
 DO NOT WASTE your money - piece of junk . Go buy a real one . Only reason why I did n't return it was because the shipping cost . The vendor was as you would expect . . but the black and decker is not what it should be .
 Really bad product . THe batery was dead after only 8 months of very little use.No more Black
 Well , the jigsaw ai n't great , but at leaset it works-just do n't try to use it one handed . The ridiculous placement of the `` safe start '' button means you have to have both hands on the tool to use it . High vibration means jagged cuts despite a finishing blade . And no top control means `` swervy '' lines . Fine for most , but it bothered me . The sander drained BOTH batteries within minutes . It worked well for those minutes , though . And do n't get me started on the drill ! No power whatsoever . My wifes 9.6 v Bosch out-drilled/out-drove this P.O.S. So , a $ 200 jigsaw that is n't very good . Yowza . I think I 'll try Ryobi . I 've heard good things .
 HiI ordered this from Amazon on April 11th and at that time they said they will be delivering the product by May 21st . By June 21st they send an email saying that product is not yet in market so need more time and hence need my approval . So the delivery date was postpine to June 19th . Later they again said similar reason and postpone the date to July 17th and when I enquired about the reason through a web posting -LRB- the same product is readily available with Uncle Joe 's in amazon -RRB- they said they will definitly deliver this time . But now -LRB- July 10th -RRB- I again received a mail asking me to authorise for a later date . This time is August 22nd . I again send a web posting asking for the explaination for keeping me waiting like this . Every time I get a automatic type reply saying the same thing . When I trust Amazon I expect some punctuality also from them . right?PLEASE ORDER THIS ITEM DIRECTLY FROM AMAZON ONLY IF YOU CAN WAIT FOR YEARS .
 It 's a great idea but if you are going to do a day or weekend long project that would require one or more of the attachments , get extra batteries ! The only attachments that did n't kill the battery quickly were the drill and maybe the saw was n't great . The other pieces especially the router and jigsaw drained both batteries noticably in about 15 minutes . I 've found the router adequate only for edge and laminate work but way underpowered for anything else.Don ' t even get me started on the safety start mechanism . You must depress a button on the attachments before the trigger will engage . This is especially maddening and awkward with the router.Save your money and buy the real versions of each tool you really need instead of this poor compromise on all of them .
 I am buying a new laundry tub to replace this model . I 've had it for two years , adn it has unremoveable stains . I recommend you stay away from this product if you like to keep it looking white !
 I purchased this thinking there was some reason that Marinco would sell a ` marine ' GFCI receptacle . What I received was a LEVITON 7599-W receptacle in a Marinco package . This is a $ 12 item found at almost any hardware store that Marinco is selling with a more than 300 % markup . The item does not match the picture on this site , nor what is shown on the Marinco site . Out of curiosity I called WestMarine and one other store , and they verified that it is a LEVITON 7599 in the package.I wrote to the ABYC -LRB- American Boat and Yacht Council -RRB- , and their response was that there is no distinction between GFCI units used on boats or in houses.In short , DO NOT buy this Marinco item . Buy the LEVITON 7599-W instead -LRB- same thing -RRB- and save $ 30 : Leviton 7599-W 15 Amp , 125 Volt Receptacle , 20 Amp Feed-Through , SmartlockPro GFCI , Wallplate and Screws Included , White
 My Moen faucet seems to be a terrific product , however ... When the faucet was installed and our overhead kitchen light shone on the sprayer head , it was obvious that the finish was marred . That was not a major concern because I assumed that I would just call Moen to have them honor their warranty by sending me a new sprayer head . Sadly , when I contacted Moen , they advised me that my faucet is not covered under warranty because it was purchased at Amazon which is not considered to be an authorized dealer . Moen advised me that they could send me a new sprayer head at a cost of over $ 80 . I then had to contact Amazon to seek a remedy to the problem and to express my puzzlement regarding the lack of warranty coverage from Moen . Amazon was , as always , courteous , polite and willing to help me to solve the sprayer head issue . They agreed to send me an entirely new faucet just so I could exchange the sprayer head with the defective sprayer head in question . That process , though , took considerable time and necessitated a trip to a UPS shipping station to return the faulty unit to Amazon -LRB- via prepaid shipping courtesy of Amazon . -RRB- Had my Moen warranty been honored , the process would have been far simpler , indeed.In my discussions with an Amazon rep , they advised me that they saw no reason why Moen would not honor the faucet in that it was a brand new product . They additionally claimed that warranty concerns with Moen have not been at issue in the past and they were puzzled by the matter . Before writing this review , I once again called Moen to discuss warranty issues and they reiterated their policy that faucets purchased at Amazon are not warranteed . I might add that the lack of warranty coverage came as a surprise to me due to a pre-purchase discussion I had with a Moen rep. When I was looking at faucets , a plumbing store sales rep told me that Moen faucets purchased in Home Depot , Lowes , etc. are not made with the same products and are therefor not of the same quality as Moen faucets sold through authorized dealers . After that discussion , I had some installation questions regarding the Salora faucet so I called Moen to discuss them . When I spoke with the Moen rep on that occasion , I raised the issue regarding the comment made by the plumbing store rep and the Moen agent advised me that all Moens are made the same way and are of the same quality . I mentioned to him that my best buy would be via Amazon and he told me , essentially , to `` go for it '' and get the best deal that I could . He did not mention that warranty issues might prevail depending upon where the faucet was purchased.I would like to be very clear that all of the individuals with whom I dealt , both at Amazon and at Moen were extraordinarily polite and responsive to my concerns and I do feel that if further issues arise regarding my faucet , they would likely be resolved . The unfortunate reality , though , is that future concerns would have to be addressed in the same time consuming and cumbersome manner in which my sprayer head issue had to be resolved . Were my Moen warranty in place as I thought it would be , future issues would be handled easily and routinely.Because of my experience , I can say that my Moen faucet seems to be a quality product that will likely provide me with trouble-free service . I am very disturbed , however , that should I have a future problem with the faucet , I have no warranty to fall back on and can only count on the good will of Amazon and/or Moen to resolve issues . Because of that , it seems quite clear that the purchase of a Moen faucet from Amazon appears to be an ill advised idea unless , of course , a Moen warranty is not of concern to you .
 We had this model for only 3 or so years and a cheap internal plastic part broke and made the faucet useless and prone to leaks . Repair was n't possible ; had to replace the entire faucet .
 This punch broke on me after the second use . Poorly made . Would suggest the Anytime Tools Metal hole punch . It has several sized bits and you just have to hit the punch with a hammer . It has n't failed me yet and remains sharp after many uses . Stay away from this SE tool and get the Anytime one .
 This item is definitely not for thicker leather hole punch . It wo n't work well if you try to punch a bigger hold on a medium thick leather . You get what you paid for .
 This review is simple
 One punch came to me slightly bent . One other bent after several times using it . It is still useable , but not as sharp as clean as it should be .
 Bought this to punch holes in a leather belt and it did n't work . It would n't go through . A little disappointed in results .
 Bought this hole puncher hoping to punch my leather belt , but turn out the puncher is not sharp to make the hole and my belt is ruin ! Not recommended to people . Quality 1/10 rating !
 This item had many good reviews , so I decided to purchase . I am disappointed , however , with the lack of ability that this so called `` leather '' hole punch delivers.If you are attempting to puncture through a cheap leather belt , or something of the sort , then by all means , this is the choice for you . If you are like me , though , and need something to go through quality leather , then keep looking .
 I just bought this today , and it does n't work well for me . I do a lot of leather crafts , and I could n't even get it to cut a thin piece of leather . The anvil -LRB- I 'm assuming that 's what it is ... this circular piece of metal that the punch meets when you squeeze -RRB- gets in the way ... the punch cuts the top of the leather just fine , but does not cut all the way through to the bottom . If the anvil was out of the way and the punch went through the hole the anvil is attached into , perhaps that would work . I 'll be returning this item .
 The first time I tried to use it I did n't realize that the `` hole puncher ' that cuts into the leather was n't aligned properly and therefore was n't fully cutting the leather . Thinking that the leather was just too tough , I pressed a little harder and the whole thing bent in on itself . I may have just crushed it or the metal and/or construction is faulty -LRB- which is my opinion -RRB- . Luckly I was able to bend it back and also bend the little metal piece that holds it in alignment to its rightful position . But I doubt that this arangement will hold out very long . I would recommend just getting a punch that you whack with a hammer . Those are much more durable and reliable .
 Very cheap construction . It came already defective - the spring that holds the punch wheel in place was bent and did not work properly . Item returned without use .
 It broke after one use on a belt . I should have followed the reviews and avoided this one but I did n't . Do n't make the same mistake I did . It broke on the second hole I tried to make in a belt . Will be returning tomorrow .
 Wish that I had read the reviews before I purchased ! Should have know that the price was too good to be true . The wheel is not in line with the pad to punch on and the tool is not adequate to punch through belt leather . Heavy duty is not truthful . May be adequate for watch bands or shoe straps , but not for anything of good leather .
 When I used this product to punch holes in rather thick leather , the punch catcher -LRB- the little bronze-ish disk on the opposite side os the size wheel -RRB- did not catch the punch in the center , creating a punch that was not quite completed on one side . Not good for punching thick leather , nope.-The one and only Lambo Bovino
 Punched about 50 holes in 4 to 6 oz leather and it broke . Poor design and quality . Was not terribly pleased even when it did work . I had given away my last punch to a friend doing leatherwork a couple years ago . It was cheap but worked far better on much thicker leather .
 This hole punch broke first time out . Do n't waste your money on this product , it is in no way heavy duty .
 It 's downright rickety and cheap . I kind of knew that when I paid so little for it , and figured I 'd use it a couple of times before tossing it . But it was so bad , that it did n't even work the first time . I returned it .
 Price should tip you off . Cheaply made . Notches to lock the punches in position over the anvil are not aligned . Therefore the punches do not contact the anvil surface . If positioned out of the `` locked '' position they can be made to work . But , the punches are so dull that it 's almost impossible to cut through a leather belt . Hardly what I would call `` Heavy Duty '' . Do n't waste the shipping fee buying this item .
 Punched only three holes . On the attempt at a fourth hole , the piece locking the size selector in place bent , misaligning the hole punch with the base , making the tool useless .
 Cheap product . Puncher slips off the supporter while punching . Improperly aligned . Not recommended . Go buy a little expensive and better product .
 Ordered this to repair some vinyl overshoes occasionally at work . The vinyl is thin material and you can poke a hole with a screwdriver or nail easily . I wanted neater holes punched to set various sized grommets . The various punches deformed the first time I used it and the entire device broke apart . If it would not work on thin Chinese vinyl , it certainly would not have punched leather with any degree of accuracy . Save your money and look for a good , American made leather punch . The item I received was junk .
 The punch is made out of weak metal . It broke within a month the punches are misaligned . Avoid this product at all costs !
 This product is not good . I can not punch a hole from it . The design is miss-calculated , so that the puncher does n't meet the bass when press down . I want to return this product .
 This is not a very good product and I would not suggest it to anyone . I had to file and sharpen edges myself and it still was n't a very good product . Save your money and buy a better , quality product .
 do not buy this product and do not buy from this seller . First of all , this SE Leather Hole Punch Tool , can not be used to punch my leather belt ... no matter how tight you squeeze the handle . I ended up having to use a scissor/knife to assist to get it done . Then , when I tried to contact the seller to return , I never got a reply . Wasted my money.The item did not arrive in time as promised . And there is no tracking . If the product is ever lost , given the seller 's track record like this , you can never get your money back .
 I got this for punching holes in a belt blank . I punched exactly one hole before the handles bent to the point where it 's no longer possible to use . From packaging to the garbage can in under five minutes . Not worth the , albeit small , amount of money I paid .
 The first hole I punched -LRB- in a belt -RRB- turned out ugly and unsharp . I gave it another chance today . Turns out that one crappy hole was all I got out of it . It is more useless than a fork for drinking water . I 'll return it . -LRB- I 'm giving this 0 stars by the way -RRB-
 THIS THING IS A PIECE OF JUNK DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY I USED IT ONE TIME AND THROW IT AWAY
 Its a waste of money , and it did n't last long , after few miserable uses , i ended up throwing it in the trash . The first time i used it i realized that it did n't punch the properly , i ended up using the awl to complete the job , the punches are not properly aligned .
 Unable to close the pins , is of poor quality material , 3 of 6 nozzles were damaged , and no good , I lost my money with this tool .
 Brand new out of the package ... big piece of junk . Wasted my time and effort . Not a happy camper . Where is the quality assurance and vendor integrity ??
 I recently purchased the item , used it twice without a problem on the third use the hole puncher broke ! I would not recommend this product to anybody .
 I bought this just to add some holes on some simple leather belts . I have 2 belts that I wanted to add 2 holes on each belt . First of all , the hole puncher does not make clean holes . I tried using the correct size hole puncher first but noticed it would not cut through . Then I tried using the smallest hole punch size in order to start the hole and then I gradually began using the bigger sizes , until I reached the hole size I wanted to use . The hole puncher in the various of sizes are very dull which makes the cutting of the hole very difficult . I ultimately added the holes I wanted in the 2 belts but it was n't pretty in the end . I had to use a sharp cutting knife in order to clean up the hole debris that was left after using the puncher . Also , the hole puncher was not completely aligned with the flat metal head which causes the hole to be slightly offset when punching down on the tool . The red sleeve also came loose on one side while putting slight pressure on the puncher . Lastly , the metal locking mechanism that holds the puncher in place broke off which makes the hole puncher wheel completely loose . I bought this here on Amazon because of the better than average reviews I read here . As for me , I completely disagree with most of the positive reviews for this hole puncher . This tool did not work for my simple needs and it may not work for you too .
 The cutting mechanism is not properly aligned to begin with , so that the hole does not punch properly . Beyond this , the metal in the tool itself is not very strong , so if you press too hard you will bend it , rendering it completely useless .
 When the punch arrived , one of the tubes was n't even there . The others did not come in vertical to the anvil and would not have done a very good job . The only good thing I can say is that I did n't even have to return the item to get a full refund . I just tossed it in the trash . I then ordered the C.S. Osborne punch and that has been great . Buyer beware .
 When you try punching through leather with this tool , the punch wants to move to the next punch setting . It is a flaw in the design of the locking wheel . I guess they wanted to make it simple for people switching punch sizes , but that easy switching is a detriment to the punch . The punch will move off center , so when appling force you are not using all of the punch bit making it difficult to get a good accurate hole , or get a clean hole for that matter . I am not punching anything more than leather belts , FYI . I would recommend buying a fixed punch style , and save your money by not buying this model . I have a suggestion for a modification of this tool , but of course suggestions do n't come free : -RRB-
 I received this item today and was really disappointed . I really needed a tool like this , but guess what , the 6 heads does n't turn . There is no way i can turn the heads and change sizes . So I used the only available heads and tried to punch a hole in my belt . It took me forever to punch that hole and the leather got stuck in the head and i tried really hard to get it out . So 16.99 dollars for one hole . not worth it at all . Buyers , please be careful
 Metal is thin and tool is not sharp enough for me to punch holes &#8230; needed the brute strength of a man to be able to utilize this tool for completion of project .
 Save your money , made in China complete piece of crap . I had better luck getting the hole punched in my leather belt with a phillips head screwdriver and a thick oversized bar rag .
 We ordered this item and the cheaper hole punch was sent to us . Thinking it was an error , we ordered it again only to again receive the cheaper punch -- again . At first it seemed that it would be easy to get a refund . But , two weeks passed after we returned the first item and Amazon claimed not to have received it . It was quite a fight to finally get our refund . We never got the correct item and fear that many people may also get the cheaper item and just not realize it . We will never order again from etoolscity or from Amazon . Very disappointed !! What cheaters !!!
 Terrible quality , unsteady , makes irregular holes and does not stay in same position after punching the first time . It ruined my belt . Is ti made in China ? probably ...
 This product has proved to be useless for me , because I 'm unable to punch holes in my belts , all because the manufacturers did n't leave enough gap between the hole-puncher and the bottom where I 'm supposed to place the belt . As a result , I was unable to place my belts that have regular thickness -LRB- purchased at regular stores/malls-nothing fancy -RRB- , in between the base and hole puncher properly and if they are not properly aligned , then the hole puncher can leave ugly marks on your belt where you do n't want them to be seen.I would have given it 0 stars if I could because there 's no utility . So , if you have a belt of regular thickness , then avoid this .
 Not even functional because it was assembled incorrectly -LRB- I can tell from the photo ... and from the fact that it does not open or close -RRB- Looks like some people are just getting a product that is actually in working form , while others are getting one that was put together by a drunk man . So if you order this product , you might get lucky , and for $ 7 , you might want to take the gamble .
 Please ! I tried using it and not get either in paper or plastic , much less in leather . Anyone know of a video showing the use . Thank you very much .
 This is a fancy looking product but it is a very poor leather punch . I had to go back to my old `` plain jane '' leather punches , which worked much better .
 Ordered two of these . One worked OK . The other did not . Punch was not alight properly and could not be fixed .
 Most of Tandy leather 's tools are junk . This is no exception . Rotating tip does n't ensure perpendicular contact with the leather , because the locking mechanism has too much play . As a result the hole maybe crocked or misplaced . Just avoid this one and buy non-rotating punch from Osborne
 I used it to punched two holes on my leather belt , then dump it to the trash bin . Spent $ 8 dollars on it , so do n't complain .
 I bought this product bc I had just started working with leather . It worked for about a month before the turning punch part got crooked & now the tool is useless . It is good for really thin leather but any thick leather , it does n't even punch all the way through . Not recommended for serious leather working .
 WORKS VERY POORLY WILL NOT PUNCH THRU BELTS.HAS NO INSTRUCTIONS WITH IT.SCREW WILL NOT GO BACK IN PLACE ONCE REMOVED .
 I have rarley used this but the alignment of the spikes with the punch base has shifted and thus it is of no use now ... very poor quality and no customer service to call to
 I have two fully metal leather punches right now that are dulling out because of use , so I thought I would get a new one that would work better . Nope . It works about as well as the duller metal one . Heavy duty my hind end ... The ONLY redeeming quality is that the handles are more comfortable , but even then , you have to push down harder , which renders that null and void because it feels the same as using the metal ones .
 Tool edge wears out fast . Not for long term use . Lasted for only one project for me . I do not recommend .
 I didnt like this at all puch comes out really badI might as well use my drill to make the hole
 I just got my Qual-Craft shingle remover and tried it for the first time today . One would think that the name should imply quality , but it certainly does not.We were removing cedar shingles and , after removing less than two square , gave up on using this tool . The problem is that this Chinese-made tool is constructed of such soft metal that we were constantly having to bend it back into shape.In all fairness , the design of this tool is good if they would make it out of the same steel as pry bars are made of . But , until they do , do n't waste your money on buying this product . I wish I had n't . It 's little more than Chinese garbage .
 We Bought One Set From Amazon & They Quality Seemed Good For The Price & We Used Them With No Issues & Liked The Fact They Were Metal & Not Plastic . I Wanted To Have Two Of Each Size Clamp , So We Ordered A Second Set . We Do n't Use These Everyday But They Are Nice To Have When Needed . We Had a Job That Required The Use Of The Small Ones . I Went To The Tool Box , Grabbed them & Proceeded To Affix It To The Line In Which After I Squeezed It The Jaw Broke Off Cleanly . The Break Appeared To Be From A Casting Defect . I Would Not Buy Anymore & Look For A Different Brand To Buy In The Future
 They do not list if this is a 1/4 3/8 1/2 or 3/4 drive set nor do they list if the sockets are sae or metric ...
 The tools look good and are organized well . The plastic kit however does not hold the tools very well , many of the sockets fall out and will not hold in place . This defeats the purpose of having the tools organized because you have to put tools back every time you open the kit . The kit is of poor quality .
 These tools are made in China . I also ordered a 246 piece tool set , which is made in Taiwan . The Taiwan tools are ok , the Chinese tools are defective . The 1/4 ratchet did not work at all . I sent them back . I also have 1/4 , 3/8 , and 1/2 inch Proto socket sets made by Stanley in the USA . They are great , and well worth the extra money . You will not be happy with the Chinese junk !!!!!!!
 No estoy contento con estas herramientas , son Chinas y los dados no quedan ajustados al rachis , adem&aacute;s el estuche es de un pl&aacute;stico de muy mala calidad . No compre esto , no va a estar contento si realmente le gustan las herramientas de calidad .
 I bought this product hoping to use it to strip down the paint on a 1950 's kiddie school desk . The desk only had two coats of paint , the original beige -LRB- no primer -RRB- and a quick spray of black by somebody else who own the desk at some point.I poured the stripper over a section of the metal desk and let it stand 15 minutes and nothing happened . After 30 minutes about 10 percent of the paint covered by the stripper rubbed off with a plastic scrapper , but it was n't down to bare metal . It barely removed the light coating of black spray paint . There was no curling up or bubbling of paint disolving.For my purpose the stripper did n't perform what it was advertised to do . It was very disappointing.I got better results wet ssanding the desk with 180 grit sand paper .
 First of all , I have a lot of experience -LRB- 45 years -RRB- restoring furniture , window frames , bookshelves , car parts , etc. as a hobbiest using paint remover . If you enjoy stripping paint , getting off on the fumes and feeling the tingling when it gets on your skin , and want to spend HOURS doing a job that would normally take less than 45 minutes , then this is the prefect paint stripper for you . This product does n't work unless you let it sit a long time -LRB- 30 minutes at least -RRB- and you have to keep touching it up because if it dries , you are just back in the same boat . I spent 5 hours trying to strip down the butt on a gun stock which had probably 3 light coats of polyurethane before I gave up and decided to go buy another brand when the stores opened up the next morning . The job was finished -LRB- entire gun at this point , not just the butt -RRB- in less than an hour using the other brand . What brand ? I say it does n't matter ... ANY other brand ! In order to sound more credible with this review , I do n't want to appear to pushing another product . The only reason I can think of how they can claim to be the `` best selling '' paint remover is because they sell 5 times as much to do the same job , and a lot of people wo n't realize it works so poorly without a comparison . I hope this review provides a comparison .
 I bought this . not form Amazon but from one of those well known big box Home repair stores . if i could give it zero stars i would . I was using it to strip guitar paint . This was not up to the job . i made two attemps . followed the instructions . it says it will work in 15 minutes . put a thick layer on and after 35 minutes nothing budged . And i 've already sanded layers off . On the second attempt i put a massively thick layer on and left it for two hours . Not even a single spec of paint came off when scraping . it did n't bubble , or curl one drop . my saliva would have done more damage . I 'd would n't get close to this stuff .
 I honestly do not know how this product remains on the market . It is about as effective as water . A waste of money .
 Nothern Hydraulics has rude and incompetent customer service . I ordered the sod buster and it never came . I got billed and customer service insisted there was no order . I had to resolve it with a master card dispute.I did eventually buy a subsoiler/middle buster at my local tractor store and I love it .
 I would like to review this piece of safety equipment , unfortunately the seller has neglected to send it to me . It 's been over two weeks . No contact from the seller . I cancelled the order . Next time a seller profile is consistantly in the 70 % rating , I will not order from them . Lesson learned .
 I 'll give it 3 stars because it functions OK as a stapler , but the cutting blade is a waste of time at best . If it was only a stapler I would give it 4 stars , because there 's nothing special about it . This is not a lightweight tacker , so you 're best off going to a store to get a feel for it in your hand compared to other models . I have big hands and like a hefty tool so this one suits me fine , but others that I work with like lighter/smaller tackers . I 've seen other comments that it 's prone to opening and spilling staples , and this happened to me once when I first got it and tested it out , but then I learned how to prevent that from happening
 I just want everyone to know that this panel is nothing special . It is just a plain old Chinese made solar panel . It has two wires that wire into the control board plus and minus . If you search for a 10W solar panel on this site you 'll find many for about 20 % of what this one costs . They do exactly the same job . I bought this one from GTO so that they could n't point fingers at it if there was a problem . There were problems and the panel did n't matter a bit . Actually if you buy a MightyMule or GTO then the solar panel is the least of your troubles . Either way , you do n't need to spend this money for a battery trickle charger.January 30 , 2013 Update
 This is not strong enough to hold a long house . I wanted it to sit on the ground and pull the hose out , but it is n't sturdy enought to do that . I crinked up the house where it attached as well .
 I bought two of these . The weak point in the design is the plastic tube that you attach the nozzle to . It 's way too soft and flimsy , and strips very easily . I was able to make one connection work , with a lot of effort , but the second one leaks and I 'm going to have to toss the new hose real and replace it with a more industrial strength one . It 's too bad , because the overall design is quite good .
 I returned this item after 2 uses . The leaking was so bad that my water pressure at the end of the hose was about half of the original pressure . I would not recommend .
 I monunted the reel between two vertical posts at a comfortable level to work the handle . The problem with the unit is the connection from supply line to the fitting on the reel . The connection disconnects when water pressure is opened.Unfortunately this makes the reel virtually useless .
 This LED night light started off working great . It was bright and had a color temperature that compliments natural moon light . I was so impressed that a purchased 2 more . However after about six months I 've noticed that the light in the bathroom which ran practically 24/7 was now too dim too be useful , so that night light was thrown away . Then another one simply died for no reason , 2 down . The one I had in the kitchen did n't run as much , but after about a year after installation it too lost most of its brightness and had to be moved to less critical area where it is now simply a decoration.At a cost of 11 cents per KWH for the cost of this $ 5.00 night light , I could have run a regular 5 Watt incandescent night light for 9,000 hours . I estimate that Maxxima white LED night lights only last about 4500 hours . The LED night light costs about twice as much to operate as the old regular night lights and only puts out a fraction of the light . -LRB- I 've got a bunch of surplus white/clear C7 christmas tree bulbs , so in my case the cost of the bulbs are not included in operating costs -RRB- The problem with low life span of the LED is a common one with white LEDs . The LED could be overdriven or is of low quality . Maxxima makes a model of this nightlight with a yellow LED which could possibly meet the stated lifespan , but the light will be monochromatic .
 I bought two of these MLN-09 Night lights and neither one turns off during the daytime or when lights in the room are turned on . I 've tried them all over the house and none of the lights in any of the rooms are bright enough to trigger the night light to turn off . The only way I found to trigger them to turn off is to shine a flash light directly into the sensor . So , if you do n't mind that they run all day then they are OK . I was considering returning these two night lights , but I figure the return shipping cost would negate the value I get back from a refund.Note
 The price is cheap and yes it look cheap . Made of plastic . If only I could see this in person before I buy this . . I will not buy this at all . This do n't come with any pins to secure it to the ground .
 I had a difficult time getting some of the pieces together all the way down . When I pounded harder , they would bend out of shape . Also , I could n't get it to work per the instructions , i.e , putting one piece in the ground and joining the next one to it . I had to put them all together before hand and then put them in the ground . Also did n't go into the ground very easy and if I got one side in , it came back out when I tried to put the opposite side in . Finally settled for getting some of the pieces into the ground and leaving the others on top of it . Hopefully , it will settle in before it blows away.I have had the edging for several months and I still ca n't get it in the ground . I am replacing it with cement edgers and have changed my rating from 3 to 2 .
 Then you 'll love this.Getting them to fit together was wholly impossible . I was making a very small ring around a young tree . The instructions make it seem like this magical `` in minutes ! '' edging that links together as you go . First off , they do n't slide together well at all . I had to pound and pound and pound to get these fully together . By the time they were , the tops were slightly crushed . It was infuriating . When I finally got one in the ground , pounding the next made everything I had under lift up again . Finally , I just tacked them all together out of the ground -LRB- with GREAT frustration -RRB- and tried to mash them down as one piece . I will NEVER buy little pieces again . It would have been a million times easier just to get it as one length and put it in . It would have saved me the grief of wanting to scream after smashing it 30 times and having it bounce around . DO N'T FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS . It looks fine . I still do n't have it fully in the ground . I got too mad and went inside . I 'm going to wait for my boyfriend to come home so we can push down on both sides simultaneously . Otherwise it just pops up on the other side . I 'm glad that I only have to do this once . When it 's finally installed it seems fine . I would NEVER NEVER NEVER buy this crap that you have to put together again . What 's so wrong with the concept of making them so they slide together more easily !?
 Cheap in price so you get what you pay for . Trying to hammer it into the ground it just gives way and flexes to much to be done properly . Only way to use it is to dig a ditch first and that takes away from simple installation . Buy better quality edging .
 Purchased a MM Liberty at Home Depot two weeks ago -LRB- Aug 09 -RRB- . Set it up in 10 minutes and easy to start up . After about 20 minutes the light goes from red to green . After an hour or so , the unit had flashing red lights . I re-read the directions and checklists . I restarted the unit 3 or 4 times and ran out of time to mess around . The next day , I changed out the batteries and cleaned out the unit with CO2 as the directions recommends for regular maintenance . I thought maybe I had a bad propane tank . Then I had different flashing lights . I gave up for the day and the unit sat for a couple more days till I had more time to throw away . Now I had about 3-4 hours invested in this silly thing . Then the weekend came around and I called the customer service line . I did what they recommended and got more flashing lights . I then called again and they recommended I send them the unit back VIA UPS . As Home Depot is right down the street , I took the unit back and got another . Guess what , more frustration and the same thing happened . I did n't wait too much longer and brought back this expense piece of junk . Do n't be a victim like me . I never write reviews , but this thing is bad news . I have little kids and thought by buying something expensive , it would work better ... do n't get caught in this trap and stay away ... this is a rip off .
 Before buying one of these you may want to consider the true cost over time.My experience is like that of a lot of other reviewers . The unit worked fine the first year . Costs for that year were for a tank of gas every 3 weeks or so , a Quickclear cartridge -LRB- about $ 5 by the time you pay shipping -RRB- every other tank , and a pack of Octenol - about $ 30 . The problems started in the 2nd year . The unit would not start at the beginning of the season , and took a lot of fiddling about and 3 Quickclear cartridges to get going . All that season , I had to use at least 1 and sometimes 2 cartridges for every tank change , and it would take up to 5-6 tries to get the unit to run.Each year , the problem got worse . Finally , this 4th year , I contacted a service center and they told me I should have been getting the unit serviced every year . They quoted $ 75 plus parts plus shipping for this . -LRB- I got other quotes - all in the same range -RRB- . I was not prepared to pay this , so I did some web research and found a good website that has step-by-step diagnostics . I quickly determined that the thermistor is not working . When I emailed the manufacturer to order a replacement , they refused to supply it , and told me my only option is to contact a certified service agent , who wants $ 75 plus parts plus shipping to fix it . They also told me that they are not allowed to sell the parts.Bottom line is that you should factor in paying $ 100 per season for a service on top of the other costs -LRB- gas , Quickclear cartridges and Octenol -RRB- . I wo n't be buying another product from this firm .
 The defender catches a few mosquitoes when it works . I 'm a long-time owner and unfortunately , the thing works for one season at a time AT BEST . The `` head '' goes out and you have to have it `` serviced '' -LRB- meaning they send you a replacement and you send back the old one -RRB- for 1/3 to 1/2 the purchase price . $ 300 price tag , + monthly costs of $ 40 to $ 60 would be worth it -- if it worked better -- and more importantly , stayed running.Truly , the most frustrating product of any kind I have ever owned . Period.American Biophysics must know about the problems , but continues to put out a faulty product . Hello , blood-sucking , greedy class action lawyers ? Time to file a class action suit ! Do n't waste your money . Buy a trombone type or pump-up sprayer and douse the yard with garlic pepper tea -LRB- get the recipe at dirtdoctor dot com .
 These are great for one season . After that , you will continue to PAY them to `` fix '' it , which amount to it working for another week or two . If you want one , save your sanity and plan to buy a new one annually . The service companies need to be served with a class action suit .
 It catches mosquitoes when it works . I have been unsuccessful to make it operate every spring for the last 3 years . The power pack had to be replaced at MY expense.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY !!!!
 My husband and I have 10 acres with a house , shop and barn for our 6 equines . We got three Defenders -LRB- more on that in a minute -RRB- and put one out , following all of the manufacturer 's recommendations and instructions . It ran for about a season and did great ! It sucked in all the morning and evening mosquitoes and , when we removed the octenol , sucked in the daytime Asian tigers as well . It failed after about a season , and after trying all of the manuf 's recommendations and helpful tips -LRB- `` Go try another CO2 cartridge . '' `` I have tried four already ! '' `` Well , try one more , just to see if it makes the difference . '' -RRB- it still did not work , so we plugged the second one up . It lasted about half a season . We then got one for free from a friend in Texas who said it would not work in his area -LRB- too dry ? too hot ? dunno -RRB- and could n't do anything else with it , and plugged it up . It failed after about three months . Each unit was out of warranty by the time it failed , and it would cost us $ 75 -LRB- plus shipping , I am sure -RRB- to send it for repair , or we were graciously offered a pittance trade-up to purchase one of MM 's new models . My dad bought one around the same time we got our first two , and his failed completely -LRB- within warranty , fortunately ! -RRB- . He sent the power head back to MM and they sent him another one and did not tell him what the problem with his was . His is apparently still working , and really doing a number on the mosquito population in south Louisiana.Bottom line
 Our unit is going back . No problems setting it up or getting it going . However , it was n't catching mosquitos . They would congregate in the air around it -LRB- no suprise considering how thick they are in our yard -RRB- , but the trap has insufficient suction to draw them in .
 I used this for one season . Unlike most of the people who have trouble restarting it , mine is an electrical problem with the unit . The light does n't flash and the fan does n't go on . Tested the voltage at the plug and it 's fine ... so the problem must be with the unit itself . I just wish they could make a reliable version of this thing . It 's great that it is made in the US , but I buy a lot of generic stuff made in China that is more reliable .
 Well I should say that it does catch a lot of mosquitos when its running . The problem is that it is almost never running so it essentially is a very expensive lawn sculpture . I bought this in midyear of last year and managed to keep it going with a lot of work through the season . This year I tried everything to get it started including calling support and since it was less than a year old I was able to return it for a replacement -LRB- rebuilt -RRB- unit . After they replaced it I have was able to keep it running for about a month . Since then it has become harder and harder to get it going and for the last month I ca n't get it to restart at all . There are two reset tools that come with the unit . One uses CO2 cartridges that cost a couple of dollars a piece . Not only have I spent lots of $ $ on cartridges , I even bought a new LP tank just in case the original -LRB- only a year old -RRB- had become contaminated . Nothing helps . This is a very poorly designed piece of equipment that almost never works -LRB- and I 'm a pretty handy guy -RRB- . Bottom line
 I bought this unit because we have a lot of `` no-see-ums '' as well as mosquitos . Aside from the fact there were parts missing from the box and the instructions were rather ambiguous , it seemed to work very well . Attempts to reach the company via phone and email proved fruitless . For the first 2 tanks of fuel it did extremely well and virtually made our waterfront property pest free . Bought CO2 cartridges and cleaned the unit out and for whatever reason , it has n't worked since . Further attempts to get troubleshooting tips from the company were unsuccessful as well . It getting where we want to start sitting outside so I guess I will start fighting the good fight and demand some satisfaction for my hard earned money . I noticed since I bought mine , they have come down in price considerably . Final thoughts , when it works it works well although it is a bit expensive to operate , when you need assistance they just are n't there for you . I found this rather surprising as their literature and product story is all about how smart they are but the end result is that it is n't very smart to abandon your customers .
 We 've owned a Mosquito Magnet for four years and have no shortage of mosquitoes in our back yard with or without the Magnet . The second year I had to return the unit as it repeatedly shut down . The CO2 generator was replaced without charge although upon its return , the summer was almost over . Last year , it ran without problem although the mosquito harvest was unimpressive . This year the CO2 generator failed again and I 'll need to return it now at my expense.Living in Minnesota , I was hoping this device would control our backyard pests but I found the Mosquito Magnet both unreliable and ineffective . I 'm surprised so many are praising the unit . Despite placing the Magnet in multiple locations , mosquito control never approached success . I 'll keep using the Magnet for now only because I ca n't return it .
 I purchased the Mosquito Magnet Defender back in Feb 2004 and have used it for two seasons with no hitches or issues . Each year the MMD has caught hundreds and hundreds of mosquitos in my backyard , but when I tried to start the unit up this season , it wo n't stay on . I 've done all the recommended things ; purge the propane tank , swap out a different tank , use the quick clear valve with CO2 , and use the gas reset tool . It starts up and stays on for about 45 minutes , then shuts off and the ON/OFF button starts doing the quick red flashing thing to indicate that it 's not working.I 've called their technical support and got someone with no knowledge about what to do or how to troubleshoot . I asked her to recommend a shop that might service the MMD and she told me Home Depot . When I contacted my local Home Depot , they told me that they do n't service any of the MM products . It seems like the MM company just does n't understand the concept of customer service.For what it 's worth , the first two years were great , but having to deal with trying to get it working is not . For any product that I invest almost $ 300 in , I 'd expect it to last 5 - 10 years and not 2 years . It seemed like a value up front when I got a good deal on the internet , but now it seems like the tables have turned and I 'm the one that is being short changed.Set your expectations accordingly when buying this product .
 BE CAREFUL WHEN PURCHASING THIS ITEM . I CA N'T REMEMBER WHAT TYPE OF MOSQUITO ATTRACTANT IS USED FOR THE SOUTHERN PART OF THE US BUT IT IS NOT OCTENOL . AS STATED IN THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE MOSQUITO MAGNET . . OCTENOL IS FOR THE NORTHERN STATES AND THERE IS ANOTHER PRODUCT FOR THE SOUTHERN STATES . I PURCHASED BOTH THE MOSQUITO MAGNET AND THE 3-PACK AND NOT VERY IMPRESSED IN THE RESULTS . MAYBE 100 MOSQUITOS IN 1 MONTH WITH 2 COMPLETE PROPANE TANKS . GIVEN THAT I PAID $ 250.00 FOR THE MAGNET AND ANOTHER $ 25.00 FOR THE ATTRACTANT AND ANOTHER $ 40.00 FOR PROPANE . . YOU CAN SEE THAT IT IS PRETTY EXPENSIVE FOR ONLY 100 MOSQUITOS . I AM SURE THAT THE MACHINE WORKS GREAT IN CERTAIN SITUATIONS BUT I AM VERY UPSET THAT AMAZON.COM WILL NOT TAKE THE MACHINE BACK DUE TO THE PROPANE USE . THIS IS NOT MENTIONED ANYWERE IN THE ITEM DESCRIPTION THAT THE UNIT IS NOT RETURNABLE . GOOD LUCK
 I ran it for three summers total - bought expensive tanks of propane -LRB- about 3 per summer -RRB- and the replacement attractants ... to catch a grand total of 10 mosquitos.A rolled up newspaper is cheaper , as is going inside .
 Let me start by saying this was given as a gift or I would have never have purchased it for the $ $ $ . I got it 3 years ago first year worked great wow what a great invention . . last year it semi worked spent more time blinking then actually running . . But I also got lazy with not changing the tank every 21 days . . it was more like ohh lets say every 40ish days . . then this year pulled it out set it up and all this blasted thing does it blink ... ok I will call customer service . . HAHAHAHAHA what a joke . First of all I was on hold for 45 minutes ... yes I waited ... They problarly hoped I would get tired of holding and hang up but not me im determined . After all that time on hold they tell me to do the same things I have been doing . . goodbye click no other help ... okkkkk well I finally by some chance of god it started to work . . but alas the tank ran out so where am I now ? A blinking mosquito magnet , a yard full of mosquitos , and 45 million bites on me ... Thats it im dumping this piece of carp . I dont think the $ $ $ is worth it for 1 good year of use . . save your money buy candles instead .
 I ordered the Mosquito Magnet used . It is not working properly and I a few days ago , they have not written back to me for me to return it for a refund.I am going to contact Amazon if I dont hear soon . the Propane fitting leaks and the on/off switch does not work .
 Having read different reviews on this website , I was not sure if it would work . But the mosquito bites were so irritating and I was desperate . Tried different location and called the health department . I was told we had FOREST DAY MOSQUITO . They look like Asian Tiger mosquito . In the beginning , I did n't put the attractant . Did n't catch even one mosquito . Later I put the attractant , caught some black small insects , but all the biting mosquitoes flew around me and this equipment ... laughing . I got so many bites . This thing does n't work . Very disappointed ... keep looking for solutions .
 I think it is a real tragedy that this company is still allowed to peddle this piece of junk .
 It worked for 1.5 tanks of propane . It never started again . At least the Coleman worked for 1 season . I 'd give that one 2 stars !
 Will not start in Spring start-up . 8 units in 8 years ! Buy for 1 season 's use ; you wo n't get a second . Trying the Nosquito Mosquito vacuum this year .
 I bought this last year and it did work fine but as so many have said tried to start it this year and yo and behold fault light comes on . 4 quick clean cartriges and no help from customer service do not waste your money
 The product captured a few mosquitoes for 3 weeks after I tried to switch out the tank , it failed to work . After multiple phone calls with tech support I was told I need original receipt from purchase -LRB- I could not locate it -RRB- to have it serviced . Returned the item to Home Depot for in store credit and bought some candles and mosquito repellent . It does n't work and it 's not worth the hassle trying to fix it . Maybe the company can redesign it to have better results .
 Expensive hunk of junk . Orig . purchase date Nov. 2006 , after the first one we 'd bought quit working just a little after the warranty period ended . The ` head ' on this Defender has been repaired three times and replaced twice . If you get a replacement head from them , there is no additional warranty past your original purchase date -LRB- even though they sent you a new one ! -RRB- . Save your money for something else . Ours is dead again . We purchased an inexpensive replacement plan through Amazon , but we 're done with the Defender-we 're throwing it away .
 In the 1st year they replaced my unit after 6 months , that unit worked 2 years with no problems . I get into my 2nd tank of gas this year and the unit craps out . I did all the tricks with no results , this ones a goner.A device that costs this much should last at least 5 years.Forget the class action , the lawyers get a big payday and we get a coupon for a free box of Octenol , yea right.I realize that this is not a repair thread but I feel the need to pass this on : I had a code on my unit that said the unit was not getting enough gas -LRB- slow blinking red -RRB- . I read on another site where one guy attached a shop vac to the horn and got his unit to work . I did the same with my sears shop vac , pushed it into the horn area -LRB- without the bait in and where the octenol is -RRB- and turned the shop vac on for a few minutes . My machine now works . I would recommend doing this with a large vac due the large vacuum you get . Better than spending $ 200 for a repair person .
 My first unit failed after 2 days . My second unit failed after one month . The third unit worked for one year but appears to now have given up the ghost.The unit is extremely sensitive and will very often fail to start . The only indication is the blinking red light . I was told I should make sure to get `` high quality '' propane ! Thats a joke , propane is propane.The real tip was when I returned my unit . I took it to a shipping center to make sure it got packed right . I asked them if they knew how to pack one of these units . They said `` oh yes , we ship several of these back to the manufactorer every DAY ! '' . Its too bad because when the unit works it really really works ... catching hundreds or thousands per day .
 I wish that I had read the other reviews prior to purchase . The machine worked once for a few days , ineffective so I put it away until next season . This year could not start despite three purgings with CO2 , reset gas , new tanks , etc , etc. . Airheads at help desk worthless and not worth resending to an irresponsible manufacturer for another repair fee . It is sad to see the consumer taken advantage of by defective products that should be recalled . When it runs , it may be effective but the volume of similar complaints on Amazon and other websites indicate a clearly defective product . This should be the grounds for a class action suit against the manufacturer or they should send a recall notice and extend the warranty . What a classless outfit . Anyone that wants a secondary repair business is welcome to my kit .
 I 've had my mosquito magnet defender for 3 years . It worked exceptionally well for most of the first season , killing a lot of mosquito and tiny black flies that are a nuisance . It stopped working after about 4 or 5 refills of propane . I then sent it back to the factory for service where I was charged over $ 100 to get it running again . It lasted for about a month and died again . I sent it back with a nasty gram expressing my displeasure . It was repaired at no additional charge and returned but not until the mosquito season was over . I started it up again this spring only to have it stop operation after the first tank of propane . I 've given up . I do not want to loose another season while these guys fiddle around with the unit so I 'm probably going to try the mega-catch brand next . The reviews are much better .
 I have had the same experience as so many others posting here . The Defender worked great the first summer . At the start of the second season , it would shut off after the initial cleaning and set-up . I never could get it to run again . A very expensive purchase for one season !
 After a couple of tanks of propnae the trap would not ignite . Tried using two quick clear CO2 cartridges which did not do anything at all .
 have owned the defender unit for years - has never worked right . tried it again this year , hoping against hope , that it might work ... nothing . used quick clear cartridges , reset tool , et al ... just wo n't stay on . continue to get the mysterious fast blinking light . a total -LRB- and I mean TOTAL -RRB- waste of time and money . find another solution .
 This is the worst purchase I have ever made ! It has caused my husband and me more problems then you could believe ! It worked great for the first year and we raved about it to our friends and family . Then the next year it started shutting off all the time . So after we replaced the propane take a few times , cleaned the lines with the CO2 , replaced the net and cartridges , and whatever else we could do we called the Mosquito Magnet people . They directed us to a different company -LRB- since our warrantee was up by like a month -RRB- . This other company was awful to deal with . They were rude and not helpful at all when you could actually get them on the phone -LRB- after arguing with them they avoided our calls -RRB- . My husband called and told them that he thought it was the regulator that had gone bad and asked them to send us one . The company said that they could n't do that but if we packed the whole thing up and sent it back to them they would fix it and return it to us . The charge was supposed to be $ 75 and that included a one year warrantee and shipping which they e-mailed us a packing slip to stick on the box and UPS came to pick it up . So , after a few weeks we saw a charge of $ 93 on our credit card from them and when we called -LRB- it was more then we approved them to charge the card for and we still did n't have the magnet back yet -RRB- they told us that the extra $ 18 was for them to ship it back to us and it should be here in a week !!! I was so mad ! They then told us they only cover shipping one way ! If that were so do n't you think it would be easier for us to pay to ship it to them and then them to pay to ship it back instead of the other way ?! So we got it back and it did n't work ... big surprise . We called again and they wanted us to send it back again but we insisted they send us a regulator and finally they did but they tried to charge us for it -LRB- what happened to the warrantee ? -RRB- . We fought about the charges for the shipping and for the new regulator and finally we got them to send us a new regulator . As for the shipping cost ... the credit card company ended up taking care of it since it was not a big enough amount for them to go back at the for . Bottom line ... the company sucks and so does the magnet.PS ... The new regulator ... blew off again so the thing still does n't work . FYI ... the repair company said that they have also had reports of the regulator blowing up before . How safe is that when the thing sits 6 feet from your house and kids attached to a propane take !
 We live in Georgia on a 3/4 acre wooded lot . Mosquitos are terrible here . Bought this product and it caught nothing . Figuring we may have Asain Tiger Mosquitos , we did n't put in that `` O '' Cartridge and still nothing . Not worth the buy at all ! May work if you live in the Everglades where catching Mosquitos with a net is a past time . I 'm taking it back !
 I borrowed this from a neighbor , who had not tried it and was not using it . Bought a propane tank , bought both kinds of `` attractants '' and fired it up . Ran for two days . Number of mosquitos caught ? Exactly oneAm I doing something wrong ? No doubt this would be the claim . I followed all directions carefully , did all the maintenance , and nothing . Seems to me this is a waste of money
 I purchased one of these and followed the instructions exactly . It worked -LRB- but not great -RRB- for about a few weeks . Then it flashed a `` fault '' light . I checked the propane tank , `` flushed the lines '' with these little cartridges , called the company numerous times etc etc etc. . It is expensive and caught about 200 mosquitoes total . My neighbors have this as well , and have to fiddle with it constantly , mail back to the company repeatedly and generally do n't like it either . I recommend no one buy this unless you have a lot of time and like to tinker with unreliable equipment .
 We live in Central Florida and have a lot of mosquitos and no-see-ums . At first we could n't be happier with the Mosquito Magnet . It cleared out our mosquitos and no-see-ums . It was wonderful so we recommended it to all our freinds and neighbors . The second season , just after our warranty expired , the unit stopped working . We spoke with the technician and still could n't get it working . Because we still believed in MM , we agreed to return the unit and pay 1/2 the original price for a replacement -LRB- refurbished -RRB- unit . That unit lasted about 2 months and it too quit . My husband got so frustrated with it , he stuck in into the shed and left it there . We tried again this year with still no success . Right now we have a very large plastic boat anchor , lots of mosquitos and no-see-ums . If anyone can recommend a unit that works for more than a year ... . let us know .
 We bought this gadget in May 2007 based on a stellar review in my `` Good Housekeeping '' magazine . I also called a local hardware store to see if we could purchase it here in Charlotte , NC . The manager of the store said it was only available via mail order , but that numerous customers had brought their mosquito nets in to show him thousands of mosquitoes caught by the Magnet . What you do n't know when you purchase this item is that it can not be set up anywhere in your yard that is not protected from rainfall . If you set it up near shrubs , etc. , as instructed , it will be exposed to the elements . We were forced to set the Mosquito Magnet up underneath our patio roof . We captured less than six mosquitoes in 6 weeks . If you do n't have the perfect setup -LRB- near vegetation , but protected from rain -RRB- , do n't bother ordering it.Mosquito Magnet 4000MM Mosquito Magnet Defender
 Here is the saga of my Mosquito Magnet in Cliff Notes form :1 st year - Worked great the 1st year .2 nd Year - Would n't work when I took it out of storage despite feeding it plenty of CO2 cartridges . Shipped it off to their preferred repair vendor . Came back and still did n't work . Shipped it back and they returned it ; it worked . Took about a month and 1/2 to get it back so I asked them to extend the 12 month warranty on the repair . Which they did .3 rd Year - Would n't work again despite going through their recommended warm up cycle -LRB- Cycle it 4 times in a row and then put 3 or 4 CO2 cartridges through it -RRB- . Sent it back to them under warranty . They actually got it back to me quickly this year . It only took about a week and 1/2 . They did try to charge me for shipping but I contacted American Express to complain and the charges were denied -LRB- I never gave them my Amex charge this year , they kept it on file and tried to slip it through without me noticing it -RRB- . Well this year it actually worked the 1st time when I got it back , but only for the 1st 21 days . It 's sitting in my backyard right now blinking away . I 've used the quick-clear and the valve clear and it just wo n't light . I believe it is still under the extended repair but I am not sure they will even honor it.If they do n't , I think I 'm done with it . We 'll use spray and citronella . Anyone want some unused C02 cartridges , octenol and defender nets ?
 I bought my first Mosquito Magnet several years ago . They no longer sell or service that model called the industrial model . It worked reasonably well but had start up problems . I sent it back for power head repairs three times . Last year I purchased a Liberty model and had to also send it back twice within a year for repair . It has stopped working again and it is no longer under warranty . The long and short of it is these things only work for about a year . They do catch mosquitoes but have a design flaw . They flat out do not last . I live in the Florida Keys and if they worked and held up I would have them all over my property . However , I would have to have a full time repairperson on the payroll .
 This item did not work at all for me - it caught a few gnats over the course of 1 season with various placements all over my 2 acre mosquito infested yard.If you were to calcuate the cost per catch including the Octenol which needs replacing regularly along with the propane -LRB- 2-3weeks -RRB- + the unit , you will likely rather faint and spray yourself down with octenol as you lay on your lawn at dusk before you would purchase this unit again.Whatever you do , READ THE RETURN POLICY VERY CAREFULLY - they make NO exceptions .
 I have owned this product for 4/5 years . I lived in an house that backed up to conservation/wetlands and the mosquitos , literally , made my backyard unlivable without dousing yourself in deet spray first . The initial year I purchased the product , there was intermittent problems each time I changed the gas bottle , but I followed the directions for clearing the line before each start up and would rotate bottles until it worked.The production was incredible and with immense impact to the mosquito population in the backyard . I would have to empty the net in May every two weeks - it would be full !! After that , it would dwindle to half and quarter capacity per month . My family and I could go in the backyard with , perhaps , a scant siting of a mosquito . Skip two years down the road ... I could n't get the machine to stay in the on position without faulting and shutting off . I had ot repaired at a costly $ 100 and used it for about another year . Then ... Another year down the road and I ca n't get the thing to start again . I am extremely dissatisfied . The sensor unit is way too sensitive and must take nothing for it to be breached.Do yourself a favor and buy several bug lights instead or , if you have enough $ $ , a spare mosquito magnet . Some available cash for repairs might want to be left in teh budget too .
 We bought the Mosquito Magnet two years ago . It has never worked ! Only thing I get is the fault light . For two seasons I tried everything the company told me -LRB- CO2 , New Bottle , different techniques to open bottle valve -RRB- and nothing . We pressed , all the company would offer is for me to take it to one of their repair sites at my expense ! They never admitted I got a lemon . I just purchased the Blue Rhino Skeeter-Vac . Awesome ! Works from right out of the box and has not stopped for 1 month . I took my Mosquito Magnet to the landfill last week .
 I bought a Mosquito Magnet from Amazon last year . Caught quite a few mosquitoes , so I was happy . This year , I ca n't get the thing to transition from start-up to operation -LRB- orange to green LED -RRB- . I 've cleaned everything , checked that the thermistor works , etc. . I can see that the catalytic converter is getting hot , but still no dice . Hopeless product , stay away from it .
 Used one of these for 6 weeks on the Eastern Shore of MD and did n't catch 6 mosquitos in that time . They do n't tell you until you open the box that you should n't use the octenol if you have Asian Tiger mosquitos which is what we mainly have.Out the price of 2 tanks of propane and a third spare tank I had purchased , but I returned the `` magnet '' to Hom . Depo . for a refund.They should n't sell these things in states that they do n't work in .
 Worked for approximately 2 weeks , then quit . Have tried every trouble-shooting step in the manual to no avail . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk .
 The Mosquito Magnet , even the `` pro '' really , really expensive models , work maybe for a year and then quit . Then , if you 're silly like we were , you send them even more money , and then they quit working after a year . Do n't waste your money !
 One of the costliest mistakes I ever made was purchasing this device -LRB- actually two of them ! -RRB- to control mosquitoes in the yard . Yes , it caught mosquitoes , but it did not eliminate the problem ; the yard was still a mosquito zone despite two operating machines . The problem was that while the machine does catch mosquitoes , it does not catch enough of them to make a serious dent in the overall population . It was not until I sprayed the yard with Cutter Bug-Free BackyardCutter Bug Free Backyard 32 oz Ready-to-Spray Hose End Insect Repellent Concentrate HG-61067 , that I finally got rid of the mosquitoes.I did not like this product for many reasons
 This is the trap available at my local hardware . Mine worked fantastically the first year . Second year , inadequate . I attempted to repair it but found no customer support . A dealer in Florida sent me a refurbished head - still inadequate . I bought another new one two years ago and it worked great for one year . Do n't buy this lemon unless you want to spend $ 75 a month controlling mosquitoes .
 Besides the cost of propane and attractant cartridges you have to buy about every 21 days , you need to figure in the cost of using 1 of the CO2 Quick-clean cartridges at each tank refill , at a cost of about $ 4 each . Depending on what you pay for the propane , attractant and CO2 cartridges , it sums up to a cost of $ 20 around or more at each tank refill . Since you have to refill the propane tank , replace the attractant and use the Quick-clean every 21 days , this adds up to an operating cost of over $ 400 per year ! I 'm posting this because it is something you may need to budget for and should seriously consider before buying .
 Like other posters here , I have had ongoing problems with my mosquito magnet . First year - worked great , second year - would n't start , had to purchase an expensive maintenance kit , then it worked for the rest of the summer , third year - dead again.Unless they have greatly improved their quality or their warranty , I would n't purchase it .
 My magnet has been running for four weeks now and it only caught 10 mosquitos . I think the 10 it did catch was due purely because of luck.We sat on the patio one night and noticed mosquitos EVERYWHERE , but none going IN the trap . I figured it would have a few dozen in it by morning . Checked trap the next morning and NOTHING was in the net!Ours is going back .
 I tried both Mosquito Magnet and the Colman version.We have thousands of mosquito 's around our property . Both magnets were rotated around the acre in all the hot spots.Not one mosquito caught.We made sure to follow the instructions Exactly . We replaced the machine and did everything the manufacturer said.We returned both.Total waste of money.The best way is to use the 5 gallon bucket with boron and W/D40 . I am looking for the exact mix online.Its free and it is said to work better than all other products together.When you return your Magner , find the mix for the bucket and watch it work .
 Unfortunately this product did not work for us . We did not see a single mosquito in this trap totally usless . Not recomended !
 I purchased the defender 2 years ago and now it does not work I would consider an item of this price to last for at least 5 years . What do you buy today that does not last 5 years ? When calling the technical support center I was advised to send it in for a reconditioned one fo $ 175 . There was no help offered - no serviable parts . I got the impression that this is what happens after 2 years of use . Concsider that your maitainance fee for this product - every 2 years you will pay 175 to this company for a refurbished one . Over 5 years this product will cost you $ 700 and a lot of grief . I believe their main business is refurbing old units .
 We have terrible mosquito infestations in our area , which keep most residents indoors most of the summer . I have owned two of the Mosquito Magnet products , a Defender I bought new from Home Depot about 7 or 8 years ago , and a smaller , older unit I got for cheap at a garage sale several years later . Really great idea , uses propane to generate heat and CO2 , which it gently blows out to lure mosquitoes , then a gentle vacuum fan sucks them in and collects them in a trap . It even has a lure chamber for octenol mosquito lure , which I found did not help in my area -LRB- central Texas -RRB- , with or without tiger mosquitoes . You really want this to work
 Very disappointed . The amount paid is not worth it . You have to get a new tank about every 2 weeks and we are still getting `` eaten up '' every time we are outside .
 Yeah I have gotten 2 of them -LRB- new -RRB- . I always get new when a piece of electronic equipment breaks down -LRB- The first one would not stay on after 1st season -RRB- . The new one # 2 wo n't stay on after its 1st season , either.What a piece of junk as far as reliability goes . When it works , it works good . When it does not work -LRB- after you use it a little while -RRB- it is seen for what it is.Stay away and use DEET
 I wish I had read these reviews before I bought this thing . I had much the same experience . The machine will kill mosquitos but it will probably only last for one season . I used mine for about five months and stored in in the garage for the winter . Next season it ran for 2 or 3 weeks and quit . I performed all the little tricks required to get it started 3 or 4 times . It did n't start . I foolishly sent it to a repair center in Durham , California for a $ 90 Diagnostic Check which their form said would potentially fix the machine without further repairs . That did n't happen . After two weeks they sent an email notice that they were overwhelmed with repair orders and it would be 55-65 days before they could check my machine . That should tell you something . After two months I received a copy of the estimated repairs which would be an additional $ 130 , or they would dispose of the machine . After only five months use , they had to replace the igniter , recondition the thermistor , replace the internal carburetor , adust the regulator , correct a fuel leak , and correct the gas flow . My total cost including shipping was $ 255 which was about what I paid for it new . I am now concerned about how much more use I will get from it . This product should be taken off the market until serious design changes are made .
 I bought three units for my three acre yard . Total , I caught about 100 mosquitos . All three units stopped working after only one season.This is quite possibly the biggest scam evAr . I honestly do not understand how this company can stay in business.Save your money . Keep your yard cut short , and empty any standing water .
 This product did attract the mosquitos it caught hundreds.On its third month it stopped working.It will not start we used up 6 co2 silver clearance things . We have tried 3 differant propane tanks . One is a totally new one and had it purged as they say.I have fiddled and worked trying to get it started for a month now with no joy.Sadly I have to say its just poorly made product and I can not recomend it .
 The mosquito magnet does not work in Arlington , Texas . They sent me a different atracterant and it did not work either . This is the biggest money waste I have encountered . We can not use our yard because of mosquitoes and this expensive damn thing did not do any good at all . Please do n't waste your money on the Mosquito Magnet . It does not work !!!!!
 Had it running for two tanks of propane and had no effect on being bitten by mosquito 's .
 I have had nothing but trouble with the defender , after only one year . But the icing on the cake is the fact that it keeps shutting down after about 6 hours . Their response , if I have used a zillion C02 cylinders to try and clear and it still does n't work , it could be that it is getting too hot so move it out of the sun ! Move it out of the sun ??? This is an outdoor mosquito magnet with tons of instructions on where to put it to catch the mosquitos - now I ca n't put it in the sun in the optimal place that they suggest ! I think the optimal place is in my big green plastic thing that gets collected every week at the end of the driveway .
 I noticed that people either love or hate their mosquito magnet , so I was hesitant to buy one , but it seemed that most people got at least one good year out of it . All the rain we have had in the Northeast this spring guarantees a bumper summer for mozzies , so I thought it would be worth taking the chance.After ten days I have caught about a dozen mosquitos . The beasts love it , they are flying all around it , they bite me whenever I go to check it!I suppose I am lucky that it failed from the outset , because I am packing it back in its box and returning it for a refund . -LRB- But I will still be out of pocket for shipping and the cost of a tank and propane . -RRB- Do not buy this machine !
 Yes the `` Defender '' got great reviews-if you live on the east coast.This piece of junk did n't catch a single mosquito during a 2 month period . Yeah watched the video , moved the unit with wind changes , experimented with attractant . Changed the propane 2x , blew out the orrifice.Only wish I could return this waste of money.Check with your local health dept first before buying !
 After moving the East Coast and having ourselfs and our children look like we had some type of virus from all of the mosquito bites we got . We went on the scout ... we used the skin so soft , the smelly skin sprays , we thought it was time to invest in this expensive product . After finding out this was the best Mosquito Magnet on the market we bought it . It ran for 3 days and we caught one mosquito and a pincher bug . We returned it and spent the money on 15 Mosquito Lanterns and more spray . It seems to be working out better than the mosquito magnet , and it is cheaper too ! I gave it one star for the one mosquito we caught , after all it is a great idea if it worked .
 This thing is an absolute waste of money . It worked for 1 season , then trying to start it for the next year , it only runs for 12 hours then stops . They only have 2 suggestions for ANY problem that you run into = reset the cylinder -LRB- they supply you with a soft plastic rest tool that is useless after about 2 uses -RRB- and use CO2 cylinders to clean the thing out -LRB- at a cost of $ 3 each -RRB- . Neither work - their next suggestion , send it to our service center = and for about $ 100 we will fix it ! Thats over 33 % of the original cost for 6 months use ! Like other reviewers , I am kicking myself for buying this bug killer , avoid like the plaque !
 The concept of the item is excellent . We have had a similar product by a different manufacturer . That one came equipped with a timing mechanizm that allowed you to set when the machine functions . Functioning in the mid day is a waste of time . 3 hrs before dawn and 3hrs before dusk is the time to use this type machine . This product is JUNK . From its pastic stand to its need to be cleaned every 21 days . pure JUNK . Until it is improved to deal with the timing issue , STAY AWAY . Instead , get a bat house for $ 29 and attactant for batts , get a Purple Martin Castle for $ 59 and get Praying Mantis eggs . These voracious natural predators will make your property safe and sound . I thought the MM would help . but this model really sucks ... Dissatisfied in Virginia .
 Set up in the back yard last July . Worked great ... caught net fulls of mosquitos . Stored it as they recommended for the winter.Took it out a week ago . Used new cartridge , net and propane tank . . NOTHINGTalked to customer support and got no where . Re-cleaned the unit , another propane tank - another cylinder . Still nothing . Its JUNK !
 I am dumbfounded at the reviews that say this machine does n't work as advertised , as well as some other pronouncements such as it has to be kept out of the rain . This is the third summer using the same machine for me and it has run flawlessly until now . I live in rural Alaska where we definitely have bugs to be caught , more than most places ! All three seasons have yielded countless thousands of captured mosquitos and gnats . Our yard is relatively bug free by mid to late summer as a result . It works as advertised . Furthermore , I have always situated it near trees and brush , but never out of the rain . It gets rained on regularly and this has no negative affect on performance.Having said all this , I filled my tank one more time for this season -LRB- third summer of use -RRB- and the machine will no longer stay running . I get a fault light after 10-12 minutes . I have tried all the standard troubleshooting techniques , using CO2 cartridges and the inline reset tool , all to no avail . Then I came here to read reviews and found that many others have gotten 1 or 2 seasons out of this machine before it did this very thing . I guess I was lucky because I got almost 3 full seasons before mine died . I definitely wo n't buy this brand again with so many people experiencing the same thing . It 's too expensive at even $ 100/year plus consumables , assuming it runs for 3 years . Guess I 'll try another brand next year .
 I bought the mosquito magnet defender at a local target store last June . The thing cought very few mosquitos for about 6 weeks -LRB- I would say under 20 in all that time -RRB- . After that time , the thing would not keep running . It would shut off on its own like it had no propane . We stored it for the winter and are now trying to get it to work with no avail . I just ordered another $ 50 worth of co2 cartridges and adapters to clear the lines and still wo n't work . The company wo n't replace w/out receipt and Target wo n't do anything after 90 days . My fault I guess for not keeping receipt . I just assumed the thing would work . Live and learn . If it sounds to good to be true it probably is . Not happy being out $ 400 .
 I have had this product two years and it does seem to work . I did n't have a lot of mosquitos where I live and this unit helped rid most of the rest . I also used mosquito dunks in all the standing water near my house and installed a bat house . I did all the maintenance and troubleshooting required and given in the instructions but my Mosquito Magnet Defender would n't start up this season . I called the company but no one had a clue on how to fix it except there is a place that will do so for $ 85 plus shipping costs . American Biophysics , the manufacturer , offered to sell me a new head for about $ 150.00 . This product is also costly the operate . You have to refill the propane tank every 3 weeks at $ 15.00 each time , plus replace the Octenal cartridge , and you have to buy these oddball CO2 cartridges -LRB- which only American Biophysics seems to sell at several times the cost of a normal CO2 cartridge -RRB- to maintain the unit and you can see if you do the math it really adds up . The product is only worth it if you are rich and really desperate to get rid of mosquitos . Figure out your costs before you buy and plan on replacing the head for $ 150 every two years .
 Mosquito Magnet products do not last . Through warranty replacement and upgrades , I have owned four units over five years . None have lasted through the second season . The last unit -LRB- which is MY LAST UNIT -RRB- worked less than 60 days . Support is poor and quality is nil . The mosquitos caught cost me several dollars each .
 I purchased two Mosquito Magnet Defenders last Summer and never could get one of them to work . Called the service number and was given the run around -LRB- different stories about what the problem was -RRB- for about a week and finally told that it must be that the propane tank needed `` purging '' . Had the tank purged -- did n't work . Bought a new tank -- did n't work . Swapped tanks with the one that did work -- did n't work . Piece of garbage with bad service . The one that works does great . But pretty expensive when you have to buy two for one working model . And frustrating when the company wo n't stand by it 's product .
 The Mosquito Magnet catches mosquitoes , but its not reliable , and the cost for repairs is high . I purchased a Defender model about a year ago , and it worked great coming out of the box . However , within three months it malfunctioned and had to be sent back for repairs . I stored the unit in my garage over the winter , and tried to reactivate it this spring . While trying to reactivate the unit I broke the quick value , and tried to order a replacement from the factory , but they refused to supply the replacement part and required me to send the unit back to their service center to have this screw in valve replaced . I sent it back and was given an estimate in excess of $ 100 for repairs , plus approximately a $ 18 cost for the broken part . When I refused to pay this estimate , the service center finally agreed to return my unit with the replacement part . I had to unscrew 4 screws , unscrew the broken valve , screw in the replacement value , and replace the 4 screws , I was through within 5 minutes . The unit worked fine for 6 weeks , and now is malfunctioning with a different kind of failure . I called technical support and went through their suggested procedures , which included removing the extension power cord and replacing the propane tank . None of their suggestions worked , and I now have to send it back to Mosquito Magnet 's service center . I expect the cost to exceed $ 100 plus shipping charges , and it will be weeks before it 's returned.I would recommend against purchasing this product , unless you purchase two of them - One for the back yard , and a backup that will be alternately shipped to Mosquito Magnet 's service center . Furthermore I suggest you budget an extra $ 200.00 per year for repairs service .
 I bought three of these Mosquito Magnet units . They worked well for a few months then no longer worked by the end of the season . Three units , without even one working , says to me that this is a defective design . I tried to clean them with the compressed CO2 cartridges this week , in preparation for a new season , and all I get is the `` fault '' light . Do n't buy.P.S . I have never written a review about any product but I feel cheated by this one .
 I bought mine in 2004 , and it does suck in the mosquitos - but this summer -LRB- the beginning of my 3rd summer with it -RRB- , it would n't start . Sent an email to tech support after I have done everything suggested on their website - they have no useful information , and tell me that they can do a ` tune up ' for $ 130 , and it comes with a 1 year warantee . I figure that was way too much , so I decided to open it up and look around the inside.Overall , I 'm not impressed with the build quality - the electronics inside are not protected , and many of the traces were oxidized and/or delaminated from the PC board . Considering this is something that is to be used continuously outdoors -LRB- and only outdoors -RRB- , at the very least I would have expected it to be conformally coated . It is n't . The electronics are only protected in the most basic sense - from rain directly on the PCB . Otherwise , it is open to the environment . The sensor that serves as the heat detector -LRB- which tells the device that the CO2 is being generated -RRB- is held on with a plastic screw - and it is quite obvious that the screw failed due to heat - I found the head in the base of the unit , discolored brown from the heat . What 's left of the screw is brittle plastic , and stuck in the manifold.For the price of the unit , I am definitely not impressed . While it does catch mosquitos , the unit is not built to last much beyond the warantee period . If their tune-up was a bit more reasonably priced , I 'd consider it . Considering the price of the unit , it is probably better to think of the whole thing as a disposable item , and replace it with a newer model -LRB- or try out a competitor 's product -RRB- .
 The first time I tried to clear the unit I had a l-shaped adapter . Damn thing blew apart . Low and behold , they had a different design , now . The unit worked ok for abot a year and one-half , then I started getting the famous error light flashing . I cleared it four times w/co2 , got a new tank of popane , reset the regulator . The whole nine yards , but nothing worked . When I called tech support , all they could say was that it was an internal problem and to send it back at my cost and they would send me another at $ 130 = 19.95 shipping again . Then I said that 's not bad for a new unit , to which she replied that it was refurbished . I asked why the could not send me the internal parts . Ca n't do it . Hey , what a deal . I passed on this golden opportunity . Maybe someone else makes amore reliable unit that does the same function .
 It worked great for one season but when I went to start it up for this season it would n't start . I did everything the manual and website said to do when I put it away last fall and did everything the manual and website said to start it up this spring , including wasting three of the `` clean out '' cartridges and it still does n't work . Plan on buying a new one every year if this is the one you choose . Their tech support does not answer emails and the wait for them to answer the phone is nearly endless.Bottom line
 Do n't bother . I 've had mine for two summers . The first summer -LRB- when it actually worked -RRB- , the effect was minimal . The second summer , it never would start up . I tried everything in the manual and online . Forget about real tech support or warranty work.This is simply not a device worth your time or money .
 OK , when the product works , it DOES kill mosquitoes , BUT it only lasts about a year!This is my second one -LRB- Defender -RRB- as I thought the design had been improved . -LRB- the addition of the Quick Clear feature -RRB- There is a reason American Biophysics sold this portion of the company off.Woodstream -LRB- the company that has the Defender and Liberty -RRB- basically says if you are past the one year warranty , too bad , buy a new one .
 We bought one two years ago , worked fine , except for the buried power cord that was cut over first winter . This year it worked for first two tanks , then stopped . After 3 phone calls to Woodstream customer service , a new tank , multiple resets and CO2 cartridge clean outs , and a complete take apart , it still shuts down . A call to a repair facility indicated they could fix it for about $ 90 , but would only estimate one year of dependable use . I 'm giving up and trying another brand , probably next year . Very expensive product for 2 years of use . Poor value .
 We tried the defender model , for 3 weeks . Mosquitos sat on the device and were not drawn in . We wonder if it has enough suction power . Support line is busy and a long wait . About 25-50 were trapped in 3 weeks . We want it to work , may try another . Just check the retailer return policy .
 Biophysics got bought out by Woodstream . Customer service is now about as bad as you can get . Trying to get a replacement part for a part they recalled . However their customer service keeps promising the part is going to be send and then keeps delaying delivery . Before long the summer will be over and I will not need a mosquito magnet .
 We had bad luck with our Mosquito Magnet Defender . It was great until the propane tank ran out after 2.5 weeks . Proprane tanks in Maryland are only filled to about 15lbs , so the Defender only lasts 2.5 weeks for each tank . You should know you spend about $ 60 every tank exchange between the proprane price , the Lurex attractant cartridge for Maryland Mosquitos , and the Co2 cleaning cartridges . We got a rapid flashing red light after the first tank ran out and it never worked again . The company helped us troubleshoot the Defender for 3 weeks . They know there are alot of things wrong with their manual directions , but they have n't stopped selling this model . After much time wasted and spending $ 30 on Co2 cartridges , we gave up . The company blames sediment and inconsistencies in the proprane tanks instead of their sesitive mechanics . The company needs to work the bugs out of their machine . Luckily for us , Home Depot took it back and we got most of our money back . I hope they sent the machine back to the company so they get the message !
 This product is so poor that I have to strongly suggest not purchasing it . It will possibly work the first year you have it - with excessive help from customer support -LRB- I required a new power supply -RRB- , but I never was able to keep it running without it shutting down for more than a few days . It just was n't worth the trouble . After the first year - you 're totally screwed . They wo n't even fix it if you want to pay them .
 DO NOT BUY Mosquito Magnet Defender!I bought it encouraged by favorable magazine and Amazon.com reviews . Unfortunately , I am very unhappy with my purchase . After running it non stop for 14 days I only caught about 30mosquitoes -LRB- that 's 2.14 per day -RRB- . The manual is very poorly written . Troubleshooting guide offers tests for airflow , essential for catching the beasts -LRB- very confusing -RRB- but NO SOLUTION if the test fails . Also , their placement instructions are impossible to follow if it 's not a square open space with no wind . I called their Tech Support . I was on hold for 13 minutes , and was told by the rep that normal holding time is 45 minutes -LRB- now I know why - everybody is having problems with those machines ! -RRB- He also offered conflicting info on where the horn is on my unit -LRB- the book does n't specify ! -RRB- - first he said it was 5 inches above the CO2 tube , than agreed that it has to be no more than 1-2 '' . To sum it up - the machine is expensive to operate -LRB- propane and electricity -RRB- , and in 21 days I need to refill the propane tank and replace the attractant . -LRB- more expense -RRB- . In the meantime - we 're getting bitten just like before . Recently I have read in Time Magazine that Biophysics -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- is using an attractant that smells like livestock -LRB- not - like people -RRB- and only SOME species are attracted to it . I am really sorry I bought the Defender - $ $ $ is way too much to catch 2.14 mosquitoes a day - I could accomplish that with a fly swatter !
 I would not recommend this product or buying one online . We spent so much money to get this product and now it does not even work . I would not purchase one online . If you get a faulty one -LRB- which is highly likely -RRB- then you will have to deal directly with the manufacturer to get a new one . They will tell you that you need to purge your brand new propane tank -LRB- which we did -RRB- only to find that it still does not work . If you decide to purchase one I would recommend a local retailer that way you can return it for a full refund if it does not work . It is not worth saving the extra bucks b/c now we have not saved any b/c of all of the headaches and $ $ $ we have had trying to get it to work . My neighbor has one that does not work either and says that the quality has gone down since the popularity of the magnets have risen .
 I 've had two . Each lasted about three months . The Mosquito Magnet company makes a fortune off trying to help you fix them with quick clear valves , which do n't help . Only buy one if you want it for one summer only .
 I bought this thing 2 seasons ago and I caught nothing but a few gnats after blowing through a lot of money on propane . I consulted with Mosquito Magnet as well about my placement and tried many different locations and never caught anything though while I was moving this piece of junk around the yard I was eaten alive.I have Asian Tiger mosquitoes which are the black ones with a white stripe that are taking over the southeast and this device is useless against them.This week I had Mosquito Nix installed and within ONE DAY all my mosquitoes are gone ! I threw my Mosquito Magnet in the dumpster today . I have no desire to waste someone else 's time and money by selling it on Ebay .
 Yes , it works but breaks after 2 to 3 years . The service center we brought it to confirmed this . They have a `` whole pile '' of Mosquito Magnets to repair and are waiting for parts from the company . They knew exactly what was wrong with ours and told us that this is `` standard '' . Beware .
 As you read the reviews , pay attention to who has owned the Mosquito Magnet for more than a year . They are all great the first year and then each year they get worse and worse until they do not work at all after about 3 years . I followed all the recommendations and even was foolish enough to buy a new -LRB- refurbished -RRB- power pack for my Pro model and still , after a year , it does not work any more . What a waste of money !!! If you want one for just one really good year and are willing to accept that you 'll have to throw it away after the second year -LRB- no-one repairs them ! -RRB- , then go ahead and buy it , but know what you 're getting into . I 've been happier with the Skeetervac that I bought -- it was much cheaper and although it has also died a few times , it is actually possible to fix it by taking it apart and cleaning out the tiny valve -LRB- ? -RRB- through which the propane travels inside the powerpack . Still a pain , but less of a waste of money . P.S. I own the commercial-pro , Liberty , and Defender models -- all KAPUT !
 Sadly , all the great literature and compelling information provided by the Mosquito Magnet company -LRB- American Biophysics -RRB- just is n't true . I think we caught about 2 or 3 mosquitoes , and those poor suckers just ended up in the bag by sheer bad luck . We 're not the only ones - other people in my neighborhood similarly suckered in by the great literature that American Biophysics presents say they do n't work for them either . The company put us on a beta test using special octenal for our type of mosquitos
 Where to begin ? It was so exciting to think there was actually a way to eliminate mosquitoes from my backyard . Instead , the only bugs killed where the ones I slapped off my legs as I spent several hours over the course of a couple of weeks hauling this thing to different points of my yard and begging it to actually run . What really tries your patience is that it takes 20 minutes to warm up and five minutes to shut down . Do the math and you can try to start it only twice per hour . As the father of a 3-year old -LRB- one of the reasons why I bought this white elephant -RRB- , I do n't have six hours in a row to coax this tempermental thing to work . The instruction manual is n't much help -- it does n't even tell you what the different speeds of flashing light mean . After flushing it several times with CO2 cartridges -LRB- at $ 6.50 a pop -RRB- and calling customer service , I 'm ready to send it back . My advice
 Even when the Mosquito Magnet is working properly , I 've come to realize that the unit is a bad investment . Every 21 days you have to change the propane tank , net , and lure and use a new CO2 recharge cartridge and the gas reset tool . You can easily spend $ 40 + . However , the real problem is that the unit regularly stops working . If you turn the propane on too fast , if you connect the unit to an outlet without full power , if the net is dirty , etc. the unit will stop functioning and give you a fault lighting sequence . Customer service then has you perform all of the maintenance -LRB- replace the tank , net , lure , etc. -RRB- again to correct the problem.For all of that trouble and expense , you might as well pay for a mosquito service or spray the area yourself .
 Very poor quality . Broken more often than it worked . At service center multiple times . When it was home , spent many dollars and more hours maintaining . Service center will have you standing on your head , whistling Dixie , and using your next pay check on CO2 cartridges to try to get it cleared . My advice to you ... stay clear .
 I used the product for two months . I caught 4 mosquitoes during the eight weeks and am convinced they had a suicide pact . Every time I would check the trap I would be swarmed by the pests , but the magnet did not trap them . I even purchased the additional lure , with no positive results . Returned the item for a full refund . I bought it from Home Depot .
 I bought one and it lasted one season . I bought a new one and it lasted one season . No service centers in my area . Great when they work but that is n't long ...
 Like so many others , mosquitoes are ruining our use of the outdoors during the summer , and we will try anything to fight back . Especially against these evil Asian tigers . However , do n't bother with this expensive junk.Note
 This will sound much like the rest . An expensive and unfortunately , terrible waste of time and money . Worked fine the first 3wks , second 3wks I failed to use the CO2 cartridge but when I finally did , it worked well for another 3wks . Has n't worked since.And customer service ... what a laugher they are . They 're goal is to not let you mail the thing in so they try to help you troubleshoot the thing over the phone . CO2 cartridge ? Check . Reset tool ? Check . Unplug replug power cord ? Check . 1/4 turn short of full on the propane ? Check . Purge propane tank ? Check . And the last one was hilarious ... am I sure that the power cord is getting the right voltage ? No . Okay , take it to Ace Hardware and get the guy to use a voltage meter to ensure that I 'm getting the requisite 12-15 volts of power continuously . INCONCEIVABLE !!! These guys should n't be permitted to sell such junk . I 've got one more month under warranty and after that , it 'll be all about staying inside the house .
 In theory this device should work . In practice it just does n't . Gave it a very patient 3 year trial . Just does ' t take out enough mosquitos to make any difference . Another big problem with these types of devices is placement . Its hard to find good placement given the yard and power cord limitations . To work you need to change placement every time the wind direction changes , not very practical .
 The unit caught a lot of mosquitoes last year and I was quite pleased with it.I had read some negative reviews of the product but I attributed the reported problems to not maintaining the Defender properly . I made it a point to perform a CO2 purge on every tank change , not to use swapped tanks -LRB- Blue Rhino -RRB- and bring the unit inside for winter and clean it.This was all no avail . The unit will not start and the MM solution is to purchase a refurbished unit . There has been a lot of grumbling on various websites about a class action suit and trust me , I will be the first in line .
 These units are a joke ! A bad joke ! I have spent about $ 30 per mosquito trapped -LRB- actually more -RRB- . When the starter button came out , they offered to let me increase my investment to fix it . Run away and talk to a pest control firm . This was a huge mistake . I live in Tulsa , Oklahoma . Basically the unit does n't catch anything and it cost a tank of propane and a strip of octenol every month . Do the math . This is a scam .
 Total junk ! Altogether , the MM caught one sandwich baggy of mosquitos in the first 3-4 months or so , then quit working ... If it would have kept working like it did for the 1st few months , would be a good product -LRB- EXPENSIVE to operate ! -RRB- ... Notice the higher ratings come from people who 've only had it a month or so ... Do yourself a favor - re-sort these ratings from Lowest to Highest , then read and heed the Lowest Ratings - they tell the truth ... IOW , DO NOT BUY THE MM !! -LRB- unless you have $ $ to throw away -RRB- I 'll bet that as Amazon sends previously-happy MM owners email recommending the MM -LRB- like they just did w/me -RRB- , those same -LRB- now-disgruntled -RRB- MM owners will be reminded of their POS MM and jump at the chance to tell the truth ... At the end of the day , the best thing about the MM is that with only 3 pieces , it offers quick disassembly for easy disposal in the nearest dumpster !
 If you can get two years out of this you are one of the lucky ones.At half the price it would not be as bad , I 'd give it a extra star . When it worked it did what it was advertised to do .
 I figure after you read about 200 reviews like this you might get the message and think twice about buying this machine . Hey listen , the MM worked GREAT for 3 years , which is why I gave it 2 stars ; but then it got the Red Blinking Light of Death and refused to start no matter which of the recommended fixes I tried , so now I 'm just trying to figure out how to dispose of it . There 's a review somewhere earlier from a guy who just buys one every couple of years ... that 's probably the right attitude , but I ca n't really afford it.If you still choose to buy one , good luck .
 I bought one of these a few years ago when they were popular on the radio . It worked for awhile and did catch no-seeums and mosquitos , but did n't make a difference . Then I started having trouble with it going out , or not starting after repalcing the propane tank . They sent me another power pack since it was under warranty . The pack quit working within 2 months , right after the warranty ran out . I did some research , and lots of people had the same problem . It appears the company knows that the power packs have a finite life , and their business is based on selling replacements . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 This product is a waste of money . It will only last for one season and its ' effetiveness was minimal . Two other folks on the street bought one as well and had the same experience . After mine stopped working -LRB- the first time -RRB- , customer service was marginal at best . I live in the south and I got a little desperate to solve the misquito problem . Save your money and buy more cans of bugs spray .
 The Good ; This product does exactly what it claims . It kills tons of mosquitoes . If you get it going soon enough in the season , you may be able to make a dent in the mosquito population . At least thats the theory.The bad ; This product only works for a season then it requires maintainance . Its well built but poorly engineered . To that end , I can not recommend this product . You must go up a model at least because this model has only 1 diagnostic code which essentially means ` something is wrong . ' The higher models have multiple codes to tell you exactly what part is acting up . You WILL be fixing this thing so your going to need the diagnostics.On the bright side , the thing does not actually break . It just needs deep cleaining of all of its parts . So at the beginning of each season you have to completely disassemble it and clean each and every mechanical part . If you think you can either do that , or are willing to pay for it to be done , then go ahead and purchase ... the next model up .
 I have just read a few reviews on this product and am shocked to find everyone else having the same issue I had . This unit worked very well the first year and this spring when I brought it out of storage I could n't get it to run . I followed directions , cleared the unit with not one but all three of the CO2 cartridges . Nothing but pure disappointment . If someone offers an extended warranty on this item buy it and get a new unit every year otherwise find something else .
 This product is very poor quality . Paints are horrible and were already peeling when I received the product . The part of the tool where it is suppose to push the spring is excessively thick . I was not able to insert it to disconnect the AC line on a Dodge truck . Do not bother with this tool set and get the disconnect tool from NAPA #SER 3290 < $ 18 > . I originally bought this tool set over NAPA tool because I thought this was a higher quality tool . This product looks nice only in picture . You will be very disappointed the moment you see it in real life .
 I ordered this tool and paid $ 37.00 , thinking i was getting a decent price . When it arrived it was clear that the tools were used . The paint was worn off the most commonly used tools , and the box was all scratched up . clearly this person does not want a return customer and i will be happy to oblige .
 This does not fit the MD -LRB- mag drive -RRB- 5 that it is listed to fit . The impeller is much longer than the one it is supposed to replace .
 Good flashlight . Pocket clip is great . I have a similar Pleican flashlight and I think it is a great flashlight , but it does not have a switch . You have to screw the lens cover in/out to turn it on/off . This Streamlight has a switch . This makes it better than the Pelican light . I think that the Pelican light is more solid . It feels like you could run over it with a truck and it would be ok . The Streamlight batteries rattle when you shake it and some times the light flickers . Overall I like the Streamlight better , but only because it has a switch.Edit on 12-4-10 Three wraps of electrical tape around each battery makes the rattle go away . Now I think this is a great flashlight.Edit # 2 0n 6-26-11 . I had to reurn this flashlight to Streamlight because it started flickering and I would have to smack it to get it to come on . They replaced it , but now the poket clip is broken . I going to keep looking for a really good flashlight.Edit # 3 8-5-11
 the product I have no complaint regular air tool oil , like any you can buy in a harware store with out the shipping cost the problem is thatWhen I open the page and see that big metal gallon can , for that amount , I got exited , WOWWW what a deal , -LRB- dint read nothing -RRB- when I received I was very DISAPPOINTED small plastic 32 onz . Like the product information on AMAZON , and I say too my self why did I read the product title , before I order it . One little -LRB- blink -RRB- mistake on this life , and someone is going too make you fill BAD , is only a quart why they did put a picture of a small plastic can , exactly as the product they are selling and sending , is not too important the amount of money , is the way it make you fill , VERY MAD , and also lost all that trust I have for AMAZON for many years I been a good customer .
 It was finally time to replace my existing , non-motion triggered flood-light with a new one ; and this time I definitely wanted to get one with a motion sensor . I looked thru the various offerings and finally settled on this one , mainly because I did not want to go with the traditional ones -LRB- you know the type I am talking about ; the ones with the two big round spotlights -RRB- . In my opinion , these single , square , Hallogen lights look much nicer.At first glance the light looks very nice . Mounting it was a snap and the 300 watt Halogen light is more than enough to light up my drive way . So on these particular topics I am extremely satisfied.The motion sensor however I am not too pleased with . The light is advertised as offering 180 degree / 70 feet motion security , but based on my experience with this time , those numbers are extremely far fetched . Even on the most sensitive setting , I can only get the light to come on , when jumping up and down just a few feet away from it . The funny thing is though that despite all the effort I have to go thru to get it to turn on , it does frequently turn on by itsself when , in my opinion , no motion is to be detected -RRB- So I am not sure what 's up with this thing . I do n't think it is broke since it does detect motion ; it 's just that it does n't seem to be sensitive at all .
 The motion sensor is lacking and I have had to replace bulbs 3 times in less than 6 months ... which was foolish on my part as I should have just returned it to Lowe 's . The sensor turns on for no reason , overheats the bulbs with the constant on-and-off . My last bulb is blown and still inside because it is fused to the connection .
 It lasted one year . During that year , the motion sensor would trip on its own which made it pointless since it turned on quite often . As others have pointed out , you would have to jump around very near it to get it to turn on , and yet it would go off on its own when nothing was near . Replacing the bulb was a pain . Turns out the ceramic mounts that hold the bulb in place had grown brittle over time from the heat and cracked when I tried to replace the bulb . I also noticed that I do not like the method of removing the glass front . When you are standing on a ladder , carefully unscrewing the screws that hold the clips which hold the glass in place , you wish for a better method of securing the glass .
 I thought it was a nice looking light . Mounted it and all seemed fine although the motion detector was very sensitive . I had to set it at its lowest sensitivity , which was fine with me . Well The nuisance trips got more and more . I have other detectors that do not give problems . Well the bulb went out . now the motion detector does not work either . All this in 4 months . Do n't waste your money
 I 've had three , two have broken after less than two months . And it does n't even rain where I live . They stink -- do n't buy 'em .
 Note to any others who might not read carefully the full product description
 I recently purchased a tube of Loctite Polyseamseal Tub & Tile caulk to use in a bathroom that I was refurbishing . After placing the new toilet and counter-top , I was looking forward to applying the finishing touch with this product . I was very disappointed with the result . The product surface dried very quickly and pull away when I removed masking tape that I had applied to the adjacent walls -LRB- less than a minute after finishing the caulking -RRB- . I had to reapply ! In addition , the dried product had a high degree of shrinkage and was full of air bubble holes . After all my work , this product only detracted from the result . I have used the DAP product in the past and will go out of my way in the future to buy DAP vs. Loctite . They should stick to thread sealant -- they 're good at that .
 A complete waste of money and time , do n't use anywhere where it can be exposed to water ; water melts it ! Can someone tell me what this thing is meant for ???? Bought the Polyseamseal ` Tub and Tile Ultra ' mold and mildew resistant sealant -LRB- by Henkel - MADE IN THE USA -RRB- to seal around the bathroom . Instructions say wait 24-48 hr before exposing to water ; I Waited 4 days just to be sure . The sucker got soft within 30 min of exposure to water and dissolved into a milky goo right under my eyes . The rest peeled off the seams.Only good thing , it wo n't be so hard to scrape off the bath seams like REAL sealants , just sprinkle a little water and wait 15 min , wipe off with paper towel and your seams as free of Loctite Ultra !
 I used this product to seal around a tub , waited 3 days until using the tub . The shower then `` melted '' the caulk.I called Polyseamseal , and their tech guy said this product WILL NOT WORK around tubs or showers , even though theirDatasheet says , and I quote
 I order this item with the hope that it would be the same item shown , if you look closely at the picture it says stainless steel Pakistan . Not the two I received , also the blades I received were not the same as the ones shown . In my order one was a pointy tip blade the other a rounded tip blade . The item shown appears to be a well polished surgical quality scalpel . What I receive was some type of cheap light weight metal - does not even says that its stainless steel - even the slanted groves are different . This is clearly a bait and switch item and the shipping cost as much as the item .
 upon opening the box i found that one of the fan blade brackets was cracked . Returns are such a pain on amazon i decided to try and just put some super glue on the crack . hung the fan and everything was looking good . turned the fan on low . and the blade went flying across the room .
 My hampton bay fan was broken within 2 years and then the customer service dragged more than 2 months after numerous emails to deny the issue . If you are buying the fan because of life-long warranty , you will not be able to enjoy the warranty . They make you ship your fan at your cost , which is more expensive than the fan itself .
 I bought this fan but after failing to install it I returned and bought the Hampton Bay fan.The installation was difficult . The instructions are so confusing it took me hours to install -LRB- and I am an engineer -RRB- . I believe the instructions are written in China and maybe they make sense to Chinese customers . I ended up buying the Hampton Bay fan which has much clearer instructions and it made better . A similar Hampton Bay fan is also cheaper .
 The faucet itself is fine . The attached supply lines are not suitable for pedestal sinks where standard chrome supply lines look better.The lines are very long and can not be shortened as well as black so they stick out next to everything else under a sink which tends to be chrome .
 This is a very attractive fixture , even if you are not buying it to compliment the Moen faucet it 's marketed with . There are 2 - , 3 - and 4-light versions , which was very helpful in lighting our rather large master bath ; we bought both this item and a 4-light version . We wanted fixtures that matched the oil-rubbed-bronze fixtures in our bath , and had white globes rather than those `` tea-stained '' globes that come with most dark-metal fixtures.The fixture gets five stars , the globes zero , hence the 2-star review . One of the fixtures came from Amazon double-boxed with quite ample cushioning packaging , and nevertheless one of the globes was broken in the box . During installation I dropped one of the metal retaining rings -LRB- 2 '' diameter , weighs maybe an ounce -RRB- about four inches onto one of the globes and it broke also . The globes have the apparent thickness and structural integrity of an eggshell . The manufacturer will sell you replacements for $ 10 each but shipping was $ 20 for the four I ordered , so I have an extra and unexpected $ 60 invested in my bath lighting.Shipping and installation damage are understandable , I thought , but I am writing this review because yesterday we came home to shards of glass all over the sink and floor . After being installed for a month , another of the globes had shattered while merely hanging seven feet high on the wall in an empty , climate-controlled house , and thus I have only one spare left out of the 4 replacements I ordered . A trip to Home Depot revealed that while the supplied globes have roughly the same opening diameter as a standard `` ceiling fan '' globe , they do not have the little lip that replacement globes have and are installed differently with a screw-on retaining ring , so I do n't know that I will be successful changing out all the globes for something else that does n't spontaneously shatter . I would only recommend purchase of this item if you like the look of an attractive fixture sporting bare light bulbs .
 Decent enough saw.However , just try ... I mean try , to contact Hitachi 's technical support . I 've sent twenty emails ... one a day ... NONE are answered or even acknowledged.I just need to know how to `` true '' the bevel.The owner 's manual does not include this information . It does not even address squaring the fence . However , even a blind monkey can figure that out.But , keeping the blade , in bevel , at the stops ... one needs to know what screw/bolt/setscrews maniupulate that.Without that information ... saw is pretty much useless for finish workSo , buyer beware
 i love the 10 inch hitachione of the finest tools aval.but this 12 inch sliderlooks like someone wanted to make a diff cool looking sawthats fine but why make it a poor quality toolits heavier than most every saw really heavy , one guy will struggle to carry thisand forget getting it through a hallit claims to need less space behind the saw due to its special slideri checked from the back of my board to the saw slider all the way backit takes up more MORE spaceTHIS IS IMP > the saw moves left to right with the most slop of any slider over $ 100did not like this saw
 My Hitachi saw has been disappointing . More disappointing is the lasck of Customer Service at Hitachi and their servicing dealer . The first saw had a nut drop out of the blade area and jammed the blade ... on the first cut . Lowe 's was kind enough to replace it . The second saw had the fences break . They blew out across the garage . Thankfully away from me . The Servicing dealer contacted Hitachi , who approved the warranty repair . I drove a long way to take it in to only get a call back saying Hitachi would n't honor the warranty . I have called Hitachi Customer Service 3 times ; no return call .
 The delivery from amazon was prompt . The problems started when I tried to set up the saw for use . One of the flip out fences would not line up right . I found that the fence was twisted . I tried to get a hold of customer service at Hitachi to see if I could get the fence replaced . After 2 e-mails I finally received a customer service number . This was the last time that I heard from them even though I tried to connect with them again with the customer service number . I finally just ordered the part online so that I could use the saw . Amazon was great . Hitachi 's customer service was not .
 I bought mine several years ago and it is a great saw . The laser is aligned well from the factory , and the manual has instructions on how to do it in case you ca n't figure it out yourself.However there are some negatives which are annoying :1 . The `` vise assembly '' -LRB- the little rod with the knob and screw on the left side of the saw in the picture -RRB- must frequently be switched from one side of the saw to the other . The saw should come with two . I just bought an extra assembly -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- and it it does n't come with the metric screw used to hold it into the base , which just pours salt into the wound .2 . They claim you 're supposed to lubricate several points often . I do n't , because it 's a nuisance , and because the saw is built in such a way that saw dust gets all over and into these areas . It works fine but you must be sure to actuate the rotation and tilt often or it will jam as the sawdust cakes in with whatever oil is in there.It 's a common trend these days for tool manufacturers to make really nice tools and then just screw the customers on 2-cent accessories . It 's just dumb . This is not the cheapest saw in the world .
 The seat is very nice and fits the bowl . However , the hardware that comes with it is a joke . The holes to mount the seat are standard and match the Ceramic Bowl perfectly . However , the METAL bolt -LRB- that will rust -RRB- that comes with the seat is ~ 1/3 the diameter of the hole -LRB- too thin -RRB- . The washer that comes with the bolt is the correct size so it too slides around inside the bolt.When I sit on a toilet set , I am not looking for any slide around action . So , I took this hardware out and replaced the bolts , etc with the standard nylon/plastic versions that comes with other brands and now all is now well.So , if you buy a kohler seat , expect to also buy the standard nylon -LRB- non metal -RRB- bolts and nuts also unless you want some slide around action and eventually , RUST .
 I ordered this as a replacement toilet seat . It came , I installed it but failed to notice that one of the hinge pins was not seated all the way through thus the seat was not connected to the lid on one side and consequently , the seat swiveled . After trying to seat the pin through to the seat , I decided it could not be fixed , contacted Amazon and they kindly sent another . This one arrived with one of the pins not fully seated but nonetheless , working . However it was missing one of the necessary parts for installation . Fortunately , I had an extra part from my first order . So , two for two-the quality control is terrible . The seat I have cobbled together from the two , works and is fine . I am disappointed in Kohler ; I thought they represented good , American , quality plumbing products .
 The seat seems adequate but it 's a bit flimsy and thin compared to the seat this one replaced . That one was well made and solid . The mounting hardware is a joke as a previous reviewer wrote . The self centering nuts seem like they should work but do n't and are never able to be tightened . I had to buy separate hardware at Lowes . Its a bad design by Kohler , one which I 'm sure they will change but not admit . Kohler used to mean quality , now it like most other companies who push product out into the marketplace and ignore the reality of their work .
 This toilet seat cracked half way down after only a few weeks of use . The closing mechanism works perfectly . I have never seen a wooden seat crack like this before . My cracked seat is staying up great .
 The product is advertised as having a nightlight . This is not the case . There is no nightlight on this dimmer switch . When the first dimmer arrived and we hooked it up and , when we discovered that there was no light , we called Amazon customer service for assistance getting the product , with a nightlight , that we ordered . We explained that , according to the manufacturer , the product number does NOT have a light . Customer service insisted that the dimmer had a light and that they would send another . Imagine our lack of surprise when the new dimmer arrived without a nightlight . It 's been at least a month since we informed Amazon customer service of the problem . At the very least , you would have thought that they would have removed the words `` with nightlight '' from the product description . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM IF YOU NEED THE NIGHLIGHT . The product DOES NOT have a one .
 . . this is the kind of dimmer where you have to cut the cord on the lamp and reattach it . We 're too scared so we have n't used it yet . D'oh .
 I did receive the elf gaussmeter very quickly but I question the accuracy of the readings -- when I move it away from the laptop it blinks red in the danger zone and I doubt it 's sensing spectral emanations ... I guess I should n't expect precision readings for the price but I do n't find this product is especially useful and will probably return it or give it away .
 Tried it out , does n't function properly . Gives me no reading just steady yellow . Tried troubleshooting , nothing worked . Not worth returning , got screwed . I 'd advise buying things like this at a local store .
 I bought this to see if I could detect EMFenvironmental stress . Was n't helpful . However itwas also cheap . So it 's a gamble , and most who likeit are only using it for entertainment purposes .
 Item came fast , the seller was great ! I bought this while watching one of those Ghost Shows on TV . I have n't had any readings but I think false ones on this thing . I personally think it 's a chince detector . Some of the good ones cost over 100 bucks , this was under 10 so you get what you pay for !
 I am highly disappointed in this gun.It misfired right out of the box . I 've never owned a Grizzly item before and I am sure this will be my only one unless someone can convinced me otherwise . I had 45 sheets of beadboard to put up and I almost have to fire it twice on every hit . Not good !
 If you plug the ringer futher than 10 foot it wo n't work . When it does work you ca n't hear it more than 10 foot away !!!!!!!!!
 150 ft range ? Not even close . Chime is mounted 15 ' away from both buttons and it does n't work . Mounted on wood -LRB- farmhouse porch -RRB- and no aluminum siding . When it does occasionally receive the signal you can barely hear the chime in the next room . Having this is even worse than no door bell because visitors `` think '' they rang the bell and leave .
 I wish I had gone to Amazon first - I bought this in a store , and it fails if you have aluminum siding - just does not connect . The instructions say to mount on a half inch piece of wood !! The sound level is also much too low .
 Bought one at a local store because I needed it quick . Paid $ 2 more than at Amazon . Product did n't have a socket that would fit my 13/16 lugs even though it was marked as having one . My belief is that the sockets were mis-sized or the extra paint they put on it prevented it from fitting . As well I noticed that some of the socket holes were not centered on the bar leaving the socket side wall thinner on one side . All in all I was not impressed by the quality so I took it back and just used a socket and breaker bar to get the tire off . If you ca n't trust their quality control getting the socket sizes correct and centered how can you trust their metallurgy ?
 I open the box and the smell almost knocks you over it 's so bad , and it does n't go away either . It 's in the rubber but even un-opened and still some plastic wrap on it , it 's so awful you ca n't stand it.It smells like raw bug killer and makes you sick just having it in the house . I have to send this product back it 's so bad , and I never send anything back.The part that bothers me is that they HAVE to know this , and send it out anyhow .
 I Could not figure out why every time i turned on the wall mount 5 gallon it would stink . . a strange burning smell . . i thought perhaps it was electrical . . something in the motor ... but no , its the black rubbery edges of the filter . . they gas out a putrid smell . . the previous reviewer was right . . its the rubber on the filter that stinks and it does not quit gassing out . . bought a new filter and its the same smell . . the second reviewer is wrong . . he said it should n't be used indoors , , hogwash ... this small canister 5 gal vac is designed to be used indoors ... thats the beauty of it ... small and easy to move.the vac is nice , powerful , a little noisy . . but the filter literally stinks . . and why not a washable filter ? . . this falls apart with waterfix it shop vac ! ... i wonder if sears has a better filter that fits ?
 With all the good reviews not sure what I 've done wrong other than use it for wet pickup which it says it can be used for . After 2 months of little use my filter has literally disintegrated ... hopefully have n't damaged motor . Will try foam sleeve next instead .
 Been using this filter for several months and it will not stop smelling up the room when vacuum is in use . They used some nasty chemical in the manufacture of the black end rings and it stinks to high heaven . It simply will not stop outgassing ... . and i bought two of them . Yea . Would not buy this product again . -- Update 12/31/2012 -- Just came across this thing again after tucking it away for a year and guess what ? After an entire year , it still stinks !
 I 'm a recent owner of the Shop Vac Hang Up Pro with the 4.5 HP motor . There 's virtually nothing on my garage floor -LRB- dry -RRB- that does NOT clog up this pathetic little -LRB- in diameter -RRB- hose . I 'm incredibly frustrated and disappointed with this purchase . Stay away from it . Naively , I thought that the motor was the most important component and did n't even think about hose diameter . Stupid me . Stupid Shop Vac . Idiots .
 Received my `` hangup '' vacuum a few weeks ago . I used it for some light duty vacuuming down in the basement . After putting up a wall and cutting drywall I figured I 'd use it to vacuum the dust and pieces of drywall on the floor . It does great with dust , but who vacuums dust with a shop vac ? Unfortunately the hose is too small -LRB- narrow -RRB- and since the hose is so long it clogs VERY easily . And when it clogs it overheats . After about the 10th clog I packed it back up and sent it back to Amazon . I instead ordered the 6.5 peak horsepower model -LRB- 925-42-10 -RRB- for $ 99.99 -LRB- has a 2.5 '' hose instead of this rinky dink one -RRB- . It 's MUCH quieter , MUCH stronger , and has not clogged even once . I 'm giving this two stars because I am disappointed with the power , noise , size of the hose , and pretty much everything else about the vacuum . The only good thing is the variety of attachments you get . But who can vacuum with an attachment that only gives you an opening of about 1/2 '' -LRB- crevice tool -RRB- ?? If you 're just going to vacuum out your car or some dust then this is ok for you . If you want a `` shop vac '' like the name says ... then forget about this one .
 OK for general dust collection but noisy . Clogs easily on wood chips . I was pretty dissapointed for my application . Might be Ok in a garage for cars but overall not very powerful for all the noise it produces . Look elsewhere
 The small size and long hose make it convenient , but its poor performance renders it useless . It is very loud , clogs often and the tools fall off the hose too easy . I mounted it on the wall in the garage and thought it would be great for quick cleanups of the car and floor . It does neither well . The small hose diameter and poor suction stop it from picking up any large items . -LRB- It will not pick up leaves off the garage floor -RRB- . To make maters worse the hose size is identical to the disposable clear plastic caps on top of water bottles . If you happen to vacuum one up , it gets stuck in the hose and takes quite a bit of time and effort to get out . I rarely use it anymore . A cordless dust buster has more power and is much quieter .
 Overall , I 've been somewhat happy with this vacuum , but the hose has a somewhat severe flaw in that the inner diameter of the hose abruptly decreases significantly at the connection between the hose and the canister . This is exactly where your garbage will clog . Any job I do seems to involve several unclogging breaks , especially if the debris is on the large size.The corrugated hose has a fitting that plugs * into * the hose , which decreases the inner diameter . All the junk that was able to traverse the entire length of the substantial hose now comes to an abrupt halt in the last inch of the hose . A better design would have had the fitting * around * the hose so the inner diameter would n't change . Seems like it would have been easy to do , since the fitting is under negative pressure and therefor unlikely to pop off in any circumstance.The advertisement shows a guy vacuuming sawdust -- the perfect application for this ; sawdust is too small to clog anything . Try to vacuum up a few leaves , however , and they will shoot through 20 feet of hose only to get stuck * just * before they get to the canister . It 's quite irritating to see a great vacuum hurt by this one simple-to-fix flaw .
 I got this vacuum for free as a throw in for buying a saw . I 'm real disappointed . This vacuum in meant to be hung on a wall , if you do n't it tips very easily . Operation wise it is reasonably powerful , but very loud . The most frustrating thing about this vacuum is the small diameter of the hose , which caused it to clog very easily . Definitely not a ` shop ' vac . Best use that I can find is to vacuum the sawdust off my tools , everything else use a full size shopvac.Update
 I bought this vac at Lowes . it is very underpowered . The hose clogs with small debris in my small garage shop . It is very loud.Do yourself a favor and spend more for a better machine .
 I bought one of these 5 years ago . It has sat on the shelf and only been used lightly a dozen or so times . I turned it on today and it buzzed for a second and quit.I took it apart ... it was clean inside . The blades turned easily . I checked all the electrical connections . It just wo n't run.I would send it in for repair . But no doubt with shipping and repair costs it is n't worth it.I would n't recommend it .
 If you want to vacuum dust only , then go ahead , but even that is debatable . I like ShopVac , and have bought two , of which I was very satisfied ; one for my wife to vacuum the house -LRB- 10 gal . 4.0 HP -RRB- and one for me which I use on my model rc airplanes to keep the dust to a minimum -LRB- 5 gal 2.5 HP -RRB- . This new 4.5 HP unit which I bought for my woodworking shop is a total waste of my money . The unit can not even suck-up small chips of wood , I tried to suck-up one small pebble , 1/8 '' in size at max . and it could not do it . I was very disappointed as I liked the fact that it can be hung on a wall yet was mobile if I wanted to move it around . I was unable to take up anything but the saw-dust and that even was a chore as I had to move the hose end with the attachment very slow . I tried using a 2.5 '' hose thinking it was the small 1.25 '' hose diameter , but that made it worst . The little 2.5 HP unit I have for my models works better than this 4.5 HP . I would love to get rid of it pronto . Do NOT buy this unit , you will be sorry you did . I do not know how some people gave this a 5 star rating even a 3 is too much . I had to give it 1 star because I am comparing it to other ShopVac units which I have in use , and I am extremely disappointed in it , especially since the HP rating is 4.5 and it is no were near the 4.0 my wife has , heck , even my 2.5 unit has more sucking power than this vacuum . Please , do not buy this machine . ShopVac has very good machines but not this one . Do not even look at it in the store , just pass it by and look at something else .
 My unit did not include many of the accessories shown in the Amazon product page photo . To hook the vacuum hose to a table saw , think you will need to purchase an additional accessory -LRB- I burned some gas to visit the local hardware store -RRB- .
 The Shop-vac emits a very very loud whistle from the hose , it is impossible to stay close to it ! It is much higher than any noise level written on the manual.I called the shop-vac and they told me that is normal , so I returned.My suggestion : Do n't buy !
 I bought this shop vac hoping to use it to sweep up bird seeds , cat & dog hair . It really does n't have the suction necessary to pick up more than a few feathers ! I was very disappointed and I can not get help from Amazon making a return so I must be stuck without a refund !!
 From my order the following items were missing
 it has not screw.the whole screw was pressed inside.i cant you the product.i am very dissapointed.then i thought i would buy that small part that has screw but i cant find it either .
 I do n't care much for this holster . I have two different Dewalt drills and they both wedge in the holster when they tilt forward . It makes it very hard to pull the drill out . I spend a lot of time trying to adjust the holster so it will release my drills ! Before you buy this look at theDEWALT DG5120 Heavy-duty Drill Holster . It fits the drill MUCH better .
 Parts kit seemed to be the correct one but it came with the incorrect bearing so the lit is no good to me . This is the kit the manufacturer recommends for this pump .
 I was satisfied with the speed of delivery but had problems with the brushes included in the kit . The brushes broke off the spring shortly after installations . The rest of the parts were good , but I believe the brushes were old . I sent an e-mail to the company 4 days ago and have heard no response .
 Using the correct numbers from the pump , I ordered and recieved a kit for repair.What I was sent was a kit with the wrong bearings and motor brushes.I was told nothing could be done for me . At least the impeller , which was the major part that I needed was the correct fit , so I am able to use the pump.NO , I am not satisfied .
 I thought Amazon was a safe place to shop but it looks like it is going the way of fleabay and Cost co , they are succumbing to the large wave of Chinese garbage that is hitting our shores . I saved this box to open today and install for a Halloween party and behold it is falsely advertised as a GE product but when I took it out of the box I learned it is a Chinese product with a different name and I am disappointed that I did not buy the Philips brand I saw at Home Depot for a lower price . I have seen the tide change at Cost co too , where i have had to return many TVs and electronics because they are no longer carrying good value priced items . Buyer Beware . I need to look into filing a complaint with Amazon .
 I was driven by the perfect review on this product , so I took the risk . Unfortunately mine arrived with dissappointment because I received a generic bulb from China . It is clear that It should be a GE but noooo ! If you are planning to buy this , better check in Walmart first because it is cheaper and will save you a lot of money ... I immediately file a complaint to amazon and to the seller . In fairness they gave me a fair game by giving me a full refund . Until now I have n't tried using it beacuse it is hard to find a fixture with the single bulb with this size .
 One would expect better quality from a tool maker like Grizzly . The joinery was sloppy and the hinges were put on at an angle . Is n't anybody paying attention to the details ? I would n't buy another product from them without first inspecting it . Shame on Amazon for carrying such an inferior product . We all expect better .
 This trap is cheaply made and ripped while we were putting it over our travel trailer . Very disappointed with this product .
 Save your money ! Cheap tinny sound with plastic cover . The packaging was dated 2004 . It looked like it was hanging on a hook for 7 years . I 'm a long time Amazon satisfied buyer , but this one is a loser .
 Toolbox was of very poor quality . Beware of vendors who do n't show actual image when they present their goods
 I purchase several of these to get free shipping and I am glad I did . For some reason , they do not last very long . The rubber begins to tear after a couple of weeks of opening the door . In addition , I think they shrink a little . I cut it the exact width of the door but after a month or so , it has shrank about 3/8 of an inch . Now water comes in when it rains . I do n't know what product I will try next but it will not be this one .
 This product is absolutely useless for carpentry work . The fact that it is a split scale with metric units on one side make it difficult to align if you are doing edge measurements . Come on what % of framing/carpentry measurements use metric units . If you have all day to use a tape measure you can make it work but if you want to get stuff done quickly on the job site there are much better products . Very poorly thought out design which will do nothing but frustrate the weekend warrior / contractor .
 I made the mistake of buying several of these things because they looked like a good idea . It did not take long and all the lamps were dead , but before that happened I had to repair them . The plastic fittings used to hold the shaft in place do not and I used a hose clamp around the outer segment to hold it in place . These things are wobbly , parts do not fit tightly like the tripod , and out of four units they were all the same . I ended up drilling holes in the shafts for 1/4 '' cap screws with wing nuts to hold them and replaced all the halogen lamps . Now that everything is tight I will use them till they completely fall apart and find another big green Power Light I 've had for years that works great .
 My set of these lamps burned out in under 10 hours of use per bulb . The stand is very poorly constructed and one of the handles broke off from a cheap weld . I would not recommend these .
 Well received the unit today . The screw for one the lamps is too short to mount to the rails . Used one lamp for sheetrock work . The glass shattered after 10 minutes of use from the heat . Tripod screw loose . Will request a refund .
 Bought this item for occasional use . Found it serviceable for about 4 hours over the last four months after purchase but then both lights burnt out within hours of each other . When I opened the lights to replace the bulbs I found that both ceramic bulb mountings had fractured and turned to powder . Completely unusable now .
 I 've had this product for over a year . The lights worked great for occasional use , but are VERY HOT , producing a lot of heat , but also a lot of light . Sadly , they both stopped working at the same time . Replacing bulbs did n't solve the problem . Obviously , poor quality/wiring . Useless now ...
 Third time I used it one of the lamps EXPLODED . I was waxing my car in the garage at the time and it sent glass all over the car and garage floor . Just glad I was n't standing in front of it when it happened . This thing is down right dangerous . Buyer beware .
 This is VERY cheaply built . Definately not made to last . Nuts and Bolts do n't stay tight . Fell apart in no time . Ca n't seem to locate any that are made with substantial materials like those that could be found , two years ago . Not a good buy , even if you are trying to save money . At some point , you get what you pay for . 500 watt bulbs are VERY hot and Expensive to operate . Try to find a lamp with 300 and 500 watt bulbs
 The ChestMate offered here can make dovetail joints . I was disappointed that the jig offered by Amazon does not come all the attachments ChestMate offers . Check the internet and you can find the updated ChestMate that also does box joints , dowel joints and mortise joints .
 Picked this up at a local hardware store and have n't been able to use it yet ... For the life of me I ca n't figure out how this thing opens to get the batteries in !! As the positive reviewer notes , it 's solid unibody and fairly sturdy . I should know , I 've twisted , bent , pried and pulled every little section of this thing short of yanking the wire out of the bottom.Frankly it 's embarrassing ! I 'm the guy people usually ask to figure stuff like this out , and believe me , I read the scant instructions it came with . Maybe I lost the little slip of paper with the magic word on it ... I 'm tempted to take a hacksaw to this thing just to uncover whatever mechanism I 'm supposed to unlatch , then buy another one once my dissection has paid off.If you get this , be SURE to look for stray slips of paper when you open it ! Or buy an extra you can smash open with a hammer to get to its insides.If you already have this , HELP !
 The light bulb can not be replaced in the device due to device design . When the light bulb stops working the device can only be tossed in the trash .
 How come i Ca n't get a return slip to return this package ? Plus having to pay for the postage Twice?When can i see a return slip , so that i can send this back . . Everything is Too Big , to fit the stove pipes I ordered . .
 So bad I went back to order Classic earplugs . These tapered ones are a bitch to insert and at one point almost got stuck in the ear canal . No idea why they changed from the cylindrical Classic design to this one . Do n't buy the tapered ones .
 I 've been using EAR Classic earplugs for years , but saw these and decided to try them since they had a higher decible rating and looked more comfortable . Well , I put in a set as soon as I got the box and ... they did n't fill my ear . Not even close . Suffice to say they did n't block out any noise , it was physically impossible for that function to occur with how they fit.Since so many other people gave these rave reviews I 'm currently under the impression that I have mutant ear canals that are much larger than the average human.So it 's on to try the next kind , because the husband 's snoring bleeds through with the Classics . If you have any suggestions please reply .
 Yes , well , they arrived and OK , there were 200 of these , but they are WAY samll . Almost get lost inside my ear canal they did ! Tiny when compared to other brands . These also work their way out of the ear shortly after you place them there . Do yourself a favor and get some that have more substance to them ...
 When I opened the box , just the base was included . The description states it comes with a top and bottom . I had to call amazon customer service and get a refund and try to re-order the product and now wait several more days or pay for expedited shipping . What a pain !
 apparently the feeder &#34; base &#34; is only the pie-pan portion of what 's in the photo , and does not include the part that the mason jar threads into . I can only assume someone would buy the base as a replacement for a worn out one ? Already wasted too much time trying to figure out why the hell I 'd need the base only .
 This product was great for about 2 or 3 years . The bin is so handy to store outdoor items . However , the reel on which the hose winds cracked , the analogy would be an axle breaking , and now it is totally useless for storing the hose.When you pay this much for something , it should last a long time , and this did n't . To the extent it makes any difference , I used it with a 100 ' flexogen hose .
 I bought one of these at a local hardware store and it was broken within one week . The mechanism for spooling the hose onto the reel broke off . It is still usable without it but now the hose gets trapped between the reel and the inside wall . Poor design .
 We bought two of these hose reels for the front and back of our house . The first one broke after two years of use when the inner hose elbow split down the middle . The second one broke when the outside hose connection snapped . Although replacement parts are available from the manufacturer , these units are not designed for easy disassembly and replacement of parts . You can waste a lot of precious weekend time trying to fix these units . Unfortunately , I now have two hunks of plastic that seemed destined for the landfill . What a shame .
 Mine leaked after two years at the seal point on the reel . I would not buy another one after examining how this is put together . Best for someone who likes to buy new things every two years or who enjoys ordering parts and making repairs to cheap plastic items .
 I knew the first time I reeled up my hose with this product that the excessive flex in the plastic handle and the shear on the plastic gear and reel were going to send this baby to its life cycle grave in weeks . -LRB- My spouse bought this reel sight unseen . -RRB- Sure enough , after two weeks , the reel sheared off as I was winding in a whopping 25 feet of empty hose . The design would work fine if a light weight metal alloy was used for the handle-gear-reel assembly , leaving the body to the cheap plastic , but that would probably put the price beyond what wholesale buyers are willing to put on the shelves at big box stores . Buy up the food chain -- by the time you replace this one once you are already in the price category of a nicer , more durable hose reel .
 I purchased this item in 2005 , and it worked great for about 2 years when the reel that the hose rolls onto split in two . I replaced it because I * really * liked the storage compartment on top , but the second one broke after 2 years as well .
 Had mine for four years . Lasted 2 1/2 years the first time . Fixed it last spring with $ 40 worth of parts . That lasted until this spring and it broke again . Same parts broke each time . The four parts that form the take-up reel . If you like to waste money and fix things I would give this item 5 Stars . A real shame because this is really a handy item in the garden .
 I recently purchased this new hose cart to replace our previous model -LRB- which happened to be a Suncast product as well -RRB- . Our previous model lasted 10 + years and was left out in all weather year round . The handle finally snapped off -- which seems to be a common complaint with these type of products . I did a considerable amount of review of hose reel carts before purchasing this new one and was extremely disappointed that there really is n't a quality product being manufactured by any company . I was willing to pay more for a well-built well-functioning hose reel cart ... but it seems that there is n't one!In theory there are two potentially positive features to this newer Suncast model
 I knew I was taking my chances , reading the reviews and noting that this is totally made of plastic . I figured I have a light weight 100 ' hose and this should last a few years.Wrong , broke 2nd time I used it . So as I was warned by even the people who like this , it is built with plastic , plastic breaks and then there is no way of fixing it.So buyer beware . I know I learned my lesson . And it cost me $ 85 to be taught .
 Beware the handles on these reels . They break easily , and are very difficult to replace , even though the parts are available . The handle is very poorly designed to handle the amount of torque that it transmits .
 We bought one of these and a similar one by Ames . This one broke and the Ames is going on 5 years old with no problems . Unfortunately , the TruTemper Company -LRB- Ames -RRB- has decided to discontinue the version of their hose reel like this with storage in top . I do n't want to waste money on another sub-par Suncast but I really want the storage . I think I 'm going to have to go with the 2nd choice of Ames without the storage.One key annoying thing about Suncast in addition to poor quality
 Had a Suncast hose reel of a somewhat similar design that broke after a fairly long time -LRB- actually had two and the second one in the front yard still works fine -RRB- . This hose reel is horrible . I read the reviews and thought that -LRB- i -RRB- the ones I have had worked fine for years and -LRB- ii -RRB- it can `` t be as bad as the reviews . Well , it 's worse . All you need to know is do not buy this product or anything in teh same design family from this company .
 save your money , and do n't buy this plastic junk . hose reel is rated to hold 225 ft of hose.well the weight of the hose with water in it has worped the inside real that the hose wrappes around , causing the connector to it to be release off of the unit . after several attempts to reconnect it by taking it completely apart . I realized it was a waste of time . if you want somethuing to wind your hose up . stay away from the SUNCAST HOSE REEL . . this thing failed on me . and i was only using it the way it was intended
 This product guide that comes with the machine worked good for about three weeks . Then it started leaking from the bumber . The unit cam with very little . It told me to install the Overhaul maintenance kit to fix the leak from the top of the tool but does not tell you what the kit is . I have tried to fix it and nothing works . Stay far away from this tool . I tried to go to the hardcore tools website and it gos to a porno site . Do n't buy this piece of trash .
 D.O.A. stands for dead on arrival . Blowing air out thru the top . . unable to drive even one nail . Ended up renting a nailer at the last minute and returning this one . .
 This company advised as follow : WE GUARANTEE MOST OF OUR PRODUCTS FOR 1 YEAR from the date that your item was purchased , against defects in material , craftsmanship , or normal wear . We will replace products free of chargeI ordered one . It works good for 3 week before start to leak air badly . I called the customer services and got the following answer from the manager
 This thing is just as bad as all the other cheap hand-held spreaders . I read the reviews of all the spreaders on Amazon and this was the best , but it has the same issues they all do
 It will do the job but I was dissatisfied with the way it worked . For about the same price you can get the Scott Handgreen II # 71133 which for me turned out to be a much better unit . See my report on the Scott 71133 spreader .
 This is not a well made spreader and the design is flawed also . I used it one time and it got clogged and jammed . I had to take it appart , clean it , and finally modify it to make it work right . This is cheap junk . Luckily I 'm kind of a McGuyver -LRB- for anyone who watched that in the 80 's -RRB- when it comes to making things work .
 We have a small lawn and thought this item would be sufficient . It clogs easily and I have to `` back crank '' it to release it . It still jams so now I just borrow a neighbors push cart type to spread fertilizer or lime .
 I simply ca n't find a decent hand spreader on the market . This one was one of the worst , as it broke after I had only used it once.The Scott 's hand spreader is not much better.After going through several hand spreaders in the past couple of years , I just bit the bullet and bought a more expensive push-behind spreader . I recommend you do the same .
 This item looked great and felt fine in the hand - but broke literally within 25 seconds of routine use . JUNK . Stay away .
 When using Talstar PL sand mix product gets into the drive mechanism and locks it up
 these a not the quality I usually get a Sears , they make a very rough cut , although they didnt break , i will not purchase again
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I want my money back . 3rd screw , keepers gone forever . thats a dollar a screw . JUNK . NOT HAPPY.WANT MY MONEY BACK or a sack full of these , so I can throw it away every 3rd screwrather surprised that Vermont American did this . they USUALLY have a good product . I WANT MY MONEY BACK
 i have very high ceilings and thought this would do the trick , wrong , the suction up does not suction . very dissapointed
 These solar lights are cheaply made in China ... All solar lights I received have a problem , some work poorly , do n't work at all , the circuit boards in the lamps were loose and improperly installed due to cheap materials and poor workmanship . I guess when you by a cheap China product that 's what you get.Harvest Brand such at least let you know who manufactures there products . I would of returned but Amazon said they had nothing to do with purchase which does n't make sense , I bought thru Amazon.Just a bad product , do n't buy , and do n't buy from this distributor .
 This tool looks good on pictures , but it is very bulky.Instructions for putting it to work are almost useless.The blade is very hard to center due to a slightly smallershaft that has no seat for the 5/8 '' hole in the blade.The motor appears to be much less powerful then it should be.It is very common in Chinese made machines like this.When I wanted to use the saw the first time , it was breaking the stone.This was due to the blade being out of center.I took out my 14 '' brick saw and got the job done.Next day I returned the new saw .
 First saw was badly damaged and did n't come with stand -LRB- ships in separate box -RRB- . Second saw damaged -LRB- not as badly as first -RRB- and manufacturer is working with me -LRB- for nearly a month now -RRB- to get me replacement parts . Fedex says they will deliver tomorrow 12/23/10 . Hopefully they are the right parts . My tiling project is horribly behind . Oh , yes ... the second saw came without a stand as well but the manufacturer sent one right away . Hoping the saw works well once I can use it !
 I ca n't attest to anything about the quality of the saw because it was damaged in shipping . It actually looked like someone may have returned it damaged before it was sent out to me . I suspect someone will receive the one I sent back as well . The plastic tray was cracked and the box looked like it had gone through WWII .
 I was originally really excited about the Racour double rack , but it had two major problems.First , I could not find a way to arrange two bicycles so that their pedals and/or handlebars did n't clash . As a result , the rack only held one bicycle at a time.That said , my bicycle weighs a grand total of 23 lbs . I am a cycle commuter so the rack gets used every day . One day , after about 3 months of use , I went to hang up my bike and noticed that one of the welded joints was loose . Upon inspection , the whole lower part of the rack fell off.So I ca n't say I 'm totally pleased with it .
 I 've had this rack for about a month.I mounted it properly into a stud in my apartment , and even though the arms were bending down when I put my bike on it -LRB- which is pretty light , under 20lbs -- well under the rated limit -RRB- I had no trouble with it , and put my bike on/off it maybe 10 times in total . Until today.When I woke up this morning , the bike was dangerously close to falling off because the entire unit was pulling out of the wall -LRB- mounted into a stud ! -RRB- The metal plate that fastens to the wall was bent almost into a 90 degree corner . I do n't think I can return it in this condition , but I 'm buying a rack that wo n't bend.This rack might be good if you can drill all the way through and secure it with a nut/bolt/washer setup , but if you 're just screwing it into the walls and use your bike more than a few times a month , I do n't think it is capable of withstanding the stress .
 I 'm not sure how this is getting higher reviews . It ca n't even hold a regular mountain bike properly , The thin material bends under load . It would be great to hold just helmets . I purchased two of these , they are both sitting on the floor in a corner bent up , taking up space while I decide what to use them for .
 It 's not strong enough . I bought two of those but I hanged only one because the other one could not carry the weight of the bike . It 's pretty crap to be very honest .
 This bike rack is not designed well , and made of very springy steel , so the forks bend down when you load a bike on it . The pivot point where the forks attach to the bracket is at the very top , and both the mounting screws are below that . All the weight is concentrated at this pivot point , and because the screws are below , it allows the top of the bracket pull away from the wall when bikes are mounted on the rack . My bikes weigh less than half the maximum recomended weight for this rack , but the weight still makes the forks bend down about 10 degrees from horizontal . It makes it looks like the bikes would fall off at the slightest touch -LRB- though I have not had that problem -RRB- . The big box hardware store with the orange vests has a similar folding bike rack that is less than half the cost , and better constructed . That rack is made of sturdier steel that does not bend , and the pivot point is in the center of the bracket between the two screws , so it does not pull away from the wall . The big box hardware store rack is a much better deal .
 Beautifully designed , however the rack did not support the weight of a specialized mountain bike . The rack bent and was unstable looking .
 I returned this rack . Its design is questionable for the long-run . The materials are pretty light and its attachment point way too small to resist the continuing torque or twisting motion that comes with loading and off-loading a 29 # or heavier bike . It 's price is attractive , but over time it will likely disappoint . I substituted this rack : Feedback Sports Velo Wall Rack -LRB- Black -RRB- and have been very pleased with it . I reviewed that rack on 9 June 2012 .
 I must say I 'm amazed they 're still selling these after my experience with them - suffice to say I 'm in the market for a new rack.Like other 2 arm racks -LRB- see reviews of the `` Allen Wall Mounted 2 bike rack '' -RRB- getting 2 bikes on here is a struggle . They have to be angled just right . Even then , the pedals interlock with something on the other bike and it 's all a horrible mess.The rack itself has plastic coating over metal arms . In a few weeks the plastic coating on mine split and came off , so be prepared to do a home repair or risk scratching your bike.Worst of all was the mounting hardware . I used the supplied hardware to mount it to a brick wall in my garage . After a month -LRB- you 're getting the picture right - longevity ? -RRB- the damn thing pulled itself out my wall - bikes and all - and managed to scratch my car.I can think of no redeeming qualities of this piece of junk . You have been warned .
 Unfortunately this product comes with screws that sheered off with a screw driver after having drilled pilot holes . Then the welds attaching the two major pieces broke . No joy .
 I attached this to the wall in my garage and put two men 's mountain bikes on it . It was tight , but they definitely both fit on there , leading me to wonder why there were so many negative reviews saying this thing would n't hold two bikes.Everything was fine for a couple of months , and then today I came out and found my bikes in a heap on the floor , with this thing folded over like a piece of rubber.These are adult bikes , so they 're not small , but they 're not particularly heavy as far as bikes go , either . I certainly did n't think they were capable of bending steel -LRB- or whatever metal the back support of this thing is made of -RRB- . If you 're going to sell a double bike rack , it should be able to support the weight of two bikes . Otherwise I would have bought two single racks and been done with it . Now I 've got two bikes leaning against a wall with big screw holes in it .
 This product lasted about 6 months . My mountain bike was too heavy for it to handle . One look at the rack , and it has obvious design flaws . The `` arms '' are not properly shored up . Further , the holes for the screws are very close together - this does not allow for proper leverage in holding up any sort of weight . This might be ok for one of those super-light road-bikes , but I would not recommend this for a mountain bike of any size .
 I bought two of these . One for my Trek 5000 carbon racer which is really light . The rack holds it well.The second is for my sons older Raleigh clunker . It 's heavier but not super heavy . It rips the rack out of the wall . I have both mounted into cinder block using number 1/4 &#34; plastic anchors and a number 14 screw . The leverage on the small securing plate is extreme . Why did n't Racor make the plate longer ? or use 3 screws ? or have a supporting bracket at 45 degrees from the rack to the wall ? The pressure on the top screw is immense . I will try a lead anchor to see if that will hold.So if you are going to screw this into wood , make sure you have a very secure anchoring spot and a light bicycle , or get a different bike rack that distributes the weight better .
 First , this is -- as other reviewers have stated -- only for road bikes . Mountain , commuter , cruiser or hybrid bikes will not fit on this rack . The same is true for women 's frames . Since these frame types represent the majority of bikes currently in the market , I think this is a serious drawback of this product and one that should be indicated prominently in the product description , if not the Product Title -LRB- i.e. it should be called a `` Folding Double Road Bike Rack '' . I was also somewhat disappointed by the condition of the item . The hinge was rusty . I do n't know if that impairs the strength of the rack , but it is not okay in a newly purchased product , and it did make the rack squeak when I folded it up and down . Also , two of the screws arrived stripped . Still I might have simply returned it for an exchange , if only our bikes had fit on it .
 This review is for the single wall mount . I bought it about a year ago . Installation was easy , and , initially , it worked very well . However , after less than a year of moderate use , trying to keep my bike as centered as possible on the mount , the holder has bent severely to one side . As of right now , it still holds the bike , but I do n't expect it to last much longer -LRB- and it looks ghetto -RRB- . The torque to one side also cause the mounting plate to dig into the dry wall . I know this is a cheap product , so my expectations were n't that high , but it should last more than a year . I wo n't be buying from this brand again .
 does not work , does not work , does not work , does not work , does not work , does not work , does not work . The screws they gave are junk , so I had to purcase longer wood screws ... ripping my garage wall apart ...
 Read the reviews online and this seemed like a good buy but the quality and the design of this storage rack is poor . First the quality - the metal is thin and with a single bike the arms move a lot . Second - there is no flexibility in the spacing of the arms so that one of my two bikes wont fit on it without laying on the brake cables . I would never park a car under or beside this thing - sooner of later the bike on it will fall . Definately would not recommend this thing unless you have an extremely light bike -LRB- Carbon road bike -RRB- and dont want to put anything valuable near it -LRB- like a car -RRB- .
 What a waste . First I want to mention that I have light-weight commuter bike . I used the screws that came with the bike rack and after I placed the bike on the rack after a half hour it fell off the wall -LRB- it was definitely mounted in a stud in the wall -RRB- . Then I went to the hardware store and got some different screws and it still fell off . Returning and getting different one .
 This rack is an absolute piece of crap ! After I installed it with the cheap mounting hardware provided , I hung my Trek Bodega on it and the rack folded like a pretzel . I removed the bike and was unable to unscrew the rack from the wall . I had to snap the screw heads to get it off . You get what you pay for .
 Received the item on time.I started to install the rack on my garage wall and a weld broke.The weld is only a simple tack and was not suffient for the application . Poor engineering and poor welding technique leads to a failed product .
 Unless your bike weights about 5-10 lbs . -LRB- like a kids bike ? -RRB- this `` Pro '' item will be weighed down . Cheaply `` Made in China '' pretty much says it all . Buyer beware .
 I have three of these racks in addition to several others from different makers . While I do use these , I only put one bike each on them and they 're just not ideal for my purposes.First , I find that the `` hump '' in the holder , where you would typically put the first bike , is too far from the wall . All my bikes are drop-bar road bikes and if I put the bike here the wheel turns about 45 degrees from the wall and causes the wheel to stick out . I 've personally addressed this by putting some padding over the `` shelf '' area of the rack and sliding my bike all the way in against the wall.As far as putting two bikes ... with the first bike mounted all the way in as I 've described above , I could mount two bikes . With the first bike mounted where it 's `` supposed '' to go I can not . First is the turned front wheel issue . Second , is the fact the bikes are too close together and end up touching.In summary , the rack is n't ideal for holding one or two bikes . I will concede that most racks of this kind are n't really suitable for holding two bikes without crowding , but the distance from the wall problem is worse than the other brands I own .
 I purchased two of these racks to hold four bikes . Since each bike is for a different member of the family , they are all different sizes -LRB- 20 '' , 17.5 '' , 15.5 '' & 13.5 '' -RRB- and types -LRB- Mountain & Racing -RRB- . One problem is that the space between slots for the two bikes is too small . That in combination with the different sizes and configurations of the frames makes it impossible to line up two bikes . I tried every combination and was unable to get two sets if handlebars , wheels , pedals , etc. fit consistently . Also , the small spacing causes the bikes to rub together a bit too much for my taste .
 I had this rack for just about a month before returning it.I had it fixed into a brick wall - so had to buy new anchors because the ones that come with it are puny . Even with the new anchors it came off of my wall in a couple of weeks -LRB- had 2 bikes on it -RRB- . The holes in the rack are n't really big enough to hold anchors much bigger , so I do n't know what you 'd do ... In terms of fitting bikes on it - I had 2 on it , but the outside one would n't sit properly , it sat with the front slightly raised and off the arms because I just could n't get enough clearance ... pedals would get in the way , or handlebars resting on seats . I got enough for them both to sit there , just not quite 100 % flat on the arms.Then there 's the arms ... they come coated in a nice rubbarized -LRB- ? -RRB- black plastic . Within a week it had started splitting and by the end of the month it had completely came off one of the arms and was shredded on the other . That was the final straw , so I returned it .
 my bike was within the listed weight limits of the rack , and it broke under the weight of my bike.Buyer beware .
 This is not worth your $ 11 . I was hopeful as a result of other positive reviews of this bike rack , but my experience with this product is anything but positive . Although it was relatively easy to install , I was immediately suspicious of the flimsy construction . The bars that hold the bike are thin and flexible -- not good attributes in a wall-mounted bike rack . I mounted the rack using stronger hardware than is provided -LRB- based on other reviewers ' suggestions -RRB- but it lasted about 1 week before the entire rack spontaneously ripped out of the wall -LRB- with the bike on it -RRB- . Very few bikes are lighter than my lightweight road bike , so I 'm not sure what sort of bike this thing is supposed to hold . It is so poorly constructed I 'm not certain it would reliably hold coats , let alone a bike . I thought I was getting a good deal , but now I not only have to purchase a new bike rack , but I 've spent well over $ 11 on wall repair and on replacing the items that broke when the bike came crashing down from the wall .
 This is not a safe design . I installed it and here are my comments.PROS : * easy installation * lightweight * space savingCONS : * not safe for heavy bikes . the triangle piece that hold the bike up is not continuous -LRB- not one piece -RRB- . it hooks to the sides of the bike holder by about 1.5 inches each side , and rests at the base . so , if you push the bikes sideways a little , the whole thing will fall on top of you because the hooks slip out !! i know this because it happened to me . -LRB- i pushed it sideways to see if it is sturdy - NOT A GOOD IDEA -RRB- . I had to rig it to make it work ... by tying ropes so the triangle piece will not slip out . * not for heavy bikes -LRB- example ... mountain bikes -RRB- * not big enough to hold two adult bikes -LRB- they do n't both fit in the grooves provided -RRB-
 The double is great even with 2 bikes b/c of the bottom support . This single rack is not well supported . Placed mountain bike and this rack bends a lot . I would suggest the double even for a single bike . This single might be okay for the lighter 10 speed bikes .
 My mountain bike weighs 44 lbs and the rack was straining , so I decided not to even use it . I definitely would not trust it to hold a 50 lb bike .
 The rack will work fine for lighter bikes . Our two mountain bikes seem to strain the racks . One side hangs down under their weight , but still holds them up .
 Toilet seat cracked on second day we had it . Underside of seat has only 2 plastic pads placed towards the front of seat . Weight is not evenly distributed like on our old seat that had 4 pads -LRB- Lasted 10 years -RRB- . Seat cracked half way between pad and hinges on back of seat . This purchase was to replace 1 of 2 seats we had ordered just a month ago from amazon and figured crack in that one was a fluke.I would not recommend this seat to anyone !!!!
 This toilet seat matches the color of our toilet perfectly , which was the primary reason for purchasing it . It looks nice and functions fine , but as other reviewers have stated , it broke within a year of use . The wooden ring that you sit on broke on one side , rendering it useless and forcing us to purchase another seat . I am not sure why it broke . Perhaps it is cheaply made with particle board or needs more supports under the seat -LRB- instead of just the two that is has in the front -RRB- .
 Looks great . Hardware is good . But the seat itself is made of particle board and it snapped in half -LRB- on one side -RRB- . I am below 200 lbs , but sat down too fast . If they are going to use brittle low strength materials , then they need to add more supports on the bottom .
 This expensive Seat looks nice but risers under the seat are too small to sit securely on the toilet rim . The seat riser slides off rim of toilet and seat on one side pops and drops to sit on toilet rim . I worry it could Easily slam down on a body part ... This seat should list for the one model it likely fits rather than listing the `` general '' size/type . Plenty of room under the seat for a longer riser that grips instead of slips .
 Here 's what you need to know . Received seat with lid mounted off center to seat . One edge of lid is flush with seat , opposite edge is 1/2 '' inside of seat edge.Color of this particular item is sunlight . For 48.69 -LRB- tax included -RRB- they can put this seat where the sun do n't shine . The carelessness in assembly of this item makes it worth $ 5 not $ 48 .
 With enthusiastic anticipation I purchased this bar and one of 30 '' . Would you believe that the towel bar is not 24 '' on center ? No ! The bar itself is 24 '' , hence I can not change out my original bar for the new one without having a mounting hole to patch and paint OR i could saw off the rod WHICH FITS OUTSIDE the brackets . I can not find anyone who is willing to cut the rod to fit . It is too likely that the result would be a botched job.Now , I purchased another Delta towel bar for another bath ... One that fits inside the mount . It 's sawn edge is hidden . What do I think of Delta ? Stupid .
 The knobs are very cute but after just 1 day of use it broke .
 I have used 7 Danner 02522 Pondmaster 250GPH Pumps over the last 7 years to my water garden . The only issue about these types pumps are they stop working within a year if you run your pump 24-7-365 . Just make sure you have a three year warranty so you can get a replacement .
 Sorry to rate this so low , but I 'm rating the entire buying experience rather than the quality of the product itself . I bought this item because I own a Black and Decker 3/8 drill that is over 30 years old and still working fine , but I lost the chuck key . The reason I title this `` be careful '' has to do , I guess , with the `` pilot '' size . I wrongly assumed this would fit any B&D 3/8 drill . Okay , my error . But i buy from Amazon because they cover my errors . Not so with this item . When I went to the return area , there was no option for either return or exchange . So , I 'm stuck with it , I guess . If you want one and can figure out how to cover the shipping , you can have this one . But right now , I 'm hatin it .
 We purchased this item new a year ago to match a Kohler commode in our home . After a year of normal use the seat split in two . We are average weight and put no more stress than would be considered normal on the seat . In addition , the chrome on the hinges began to peel off after about 9 months . We called Kohler expecting that , as a company that manufactures and sells premium priced fixtures , they would stand behind their product . They did not . We were told that they only warrant their product for 90 days . Definately not worth the premium price .
 Three major complaints .1 . Screws provided extend beyond back of handle about 3/4 &#34; when used on a residential door knob . This provides a sharp set of edges on the open screw that can and did catch on the whorls of finger resulting in torn skin if knob is grabbed instead of the handle . Needs to have screw that is 3/4 &#34; shorter than ones supplied which I changed .2 . Due to use of soft foam as the anti slip material between handle and knob , the handle rotates on door knob if door locked and screws not tightend down extremely tight .3 . Lastly , the large area around knob and the flex of handle gives unit a flimsy feel , causing wife saying it feels unsafe to her so I was forced to remove.But of alll the other options available it is the cheapest one I found on the web . . So buy and install shorter screws , 1 &#34; to 1 1/4 &#34; 1/4 &#34; -20 Phillips head screws and tighten it up and it works fine -LRB- for my neighbor who broke both wrists -RRB- .
 It 's big and clunky and awful looking . It costs every bit as much as a levered handle at the big box store . Keep looking . This is not what you want .
 I seldom write reviews unless something is really great or really lousy . This fan was bought as a replacement for a unit that had been getting noisier and noisier - you know the sound I 'm talking about - you can tell a fan is on its last legs when it begins to sound like it has pebbles for bearings.So after a couple of years of procrastination , I ordered this fan , installed it , turned on the switch and was very pleased with myself for having followed through . It was quiet for about five minutes , then began to rumble so loudly I could hear it like a freight train through the timbers of the house two floors away . Now I just do n't use the bathroom fan at all.So much for my efforts . I would 've been better leaving the old fan alone . And so would YOU if you 're thinking about buying this product.Stay away . Noisy and cheap . VERY VERY noisy .
 The good :1 . Good priceThe Bad :1 . It took about 2 weeks to get 5 of the fan motor/fan kits - TOO LONG ! 2 . Apparently , there A-H versions of the fan motor , a fact not listed on the supplier site . I had the `` H '' series in my home which is NOT compatible with the BP27 model number they shipped me .3 . I went onto their site to request an RMA which was easy to use , but did not produce an RMA within the 2 days stated on the site . I had to call their toll free number , which was pleasant and efficient , producting an email RMA within 5 minutes of my call , BUT I had to pay to ship back -LRB- $ 15 USPS -RRB- .4 . They have not yet credited my card , but ` promise ' to do so ` shortly ' after they receive and inspect the items . I 'll follow up to see if this happens and report back
 My wife bought the Sunterra two pond kit for me two years ago from Costco . After I installed it , the pump froze up within 3 months . I had to run out and buy a pump from Lowe 's to keep the fish alive . A call to Sunterra got me a replacement pump which did the same thing 4 months later . A second call to them resulted in another replacement pump which quit working after about a year . Their pumps are garbage made in China . Go figure ! The pump I bought as an emergency answer from Lowe 's is still working after more than two years . The Sunterra rep told me that they were changing pump manufacturers but never offered a third replacement .
 Pros
 I purchased this lamp for my grandson - only because he absolutely loves dinosaurs and he needed a new lamp for his room . It is totally overpriced - should be more like $ 20.00 . The lampshade is dark green and offers very little light . This was a disappointment - I am going to buy a light shade for the lamp - so that kicks the price up even more . This is not a good thing !
 I have always been impressed with whittling & wanted to try it . I watched a couple of YOUTube videos , bought a block of basswood and some knives/chisels , and set out to make a wood chain . I was more than halfway through the project when I noticed there were parts of my chain that I whittled to thin and in other areas , there were some deep gouges.I went to the hardware store for some Wood Filler , which is what I was told I needed . I spent fifteen bucks and purchased 3 different types , not knowing one from the other . I ended up with a tube of the ` ELMER 'S STAINABLE WOOD FILLER ' a tub of ` ELMER 'S CARPENTER 'S WOOD FILLER ' and a can of ` DAP PLASTIC WOOD FILLER . ` For my needs , I found the ELMER 'S CARPENTER 'S WOOD FILLER in the square plastic tub to be the best . I was able to scoop it out easily with a Popsicle stick and use my fingers to give it shape on the wood . It washed off my hands with ease , as well . The tub 's lid is the same size as the tub , so there was no problem getting to the product . It dried completely and I was able to sand it smooth and seal it with no noticeable flaws.On the other hand , on the parts on my chain where I attempted to use the ELMER 'S STAINABLE WOOD FILLER that comes in a tube -LRB- like toothpaste -RRB- it was a miserable battle . The stuff was similar to work with but the hassle of getting it out of the tube made it not worthwhile . I had to keep cutting the hole opening bigger and still had to practically stand on the tube to squeeze out a small blob . I could feel it was still soft inside , but could never get it out and became ridiculously frustrated.Lastly , the DAP PLASTIC WOOD FILLER in a can was no prize to me , either . I found it to dry out to quickly and start to flake as I was applying it . Once it starts flaking , it is a mess to work with and you spend too much time trying to blend and smooth it out , in order to reapply it . In addition , it was difficult to remove from my finger nails without a great deal of hard scrubbing.So , for my next whittling project -LRB- a ball in a cage -RRB- , I will only have a tub of the ELMER 'S CARPENTER 'S WOOD FILLER at my side . The container , ease of use and overall performance of the product were pleasing to me , all the way around .
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 I have several Versa-Pak tools , which I really like . They are small and versatile , and get the job done when I need a quick power tool . No good for building a deck , but great for simple fixes around the house . However , I have to say these Versa-Pak NiCad batteries are just the worst rechargeable batteries ever made . They will completely die somewhere within 6 months to 2 years of purchasing them . I purchased 2 of the 2-pack/charger kits -LRB- 4 batteries -RRB- , and that 's what mine did . I subsequently replaced them with the NiMH batteries -LRB- which work with the same chargers -RRB- , and they work like a charm . Stick with the NiMH batteries , and avoid the NiCads like the plague . This 6-pack may seem like a good deal , but how good is it if you 'll be recycling the entire set in a year ?
 The knobs are as pictured and very well made . I would give them 5 stars if I could . It appears Amazon is having issues with the star rating system as it is only showing one .
 Do not buy Fi-Shock products I used Fi-Shock PT-200 poly wire and it cut my hands no warning on using gloves . The instructions do not tell you how make electrical connection . Made 4 calls to company and sent 4 emails No Help .
 Well I was in need a good air hose and when you order it you ussualy anticipate resonable shipment , after they got my money they told me that it was damged and it would take unitl feb. -LRB- jan 12 is today -RRB- who needs an air hose -LRB- or any tool -RRB- in a month . I guess when the advertise free shipping they forgot to mention the it would be on the back of a mule ,
 I ordered this hose because it had protecttive sleeves and said porter cable on it -LRB- to match my compressor -RRB- . What I got was a plain red rubber hose with no sleeves ! Who cares if it comes in porter cable packaging . ITS NOT WHAT I BOUGHT !!!!!!! I could have bought a plain red hose 1 mile down the road for a lot less money ! Apparently they think its ok to swap items ... ITS NOT AND IM EXTREMLY MAD !!!!!!!! UPDATE
 Broke first socket within secounds of opening package with 3/8 IR impact gun . Junk . Also bought 3/8 set and broke that one too
 The T47 broke on initial use . I ordered this `` Neiko USA '' tool set for less than the expected price for a single `` MADE IN USA '' impact torx bit . I got what I paid for . Life is too short - I returned it & I 'm searching for an American made set .
 I bought the item because it was a impact set . I used the T50 3 times with an adapter for a 3/8 ratchet . The first time I used this item with a 1/2 '' ratchet , The tip broke off . This set is strong enough to be used on 3/8 drive , But if you sell a item for 1/2 impact use ? Make sure its at least strong enough to at least withstand the use of a 1/2 ' drive ratchet . I tried to contact the seller , Yet I have not had any replies . I would at least like to replace , or have the item replaced that is broken . The set does grip nice to the torx bolt . As long as you dont use the bits on a stuborn or rusted bolt . the set will work good .
 They look cool but the first time I used the t45 it bent like a pretzel . I would not waste my money on these
 Despite the product description where the first line reads
 This was not my favorite . I wish that this brush had a soft tip . It 's really stale and rigid . I usually love Wooster products but this one needs improvement .
 The Fein Sanding Finger Pad is a waste of your good money ! The sanding finger is not stiff enough . The net result is that the hook & loop sanding papers vibrate off of the sanding finger within less than a minute of use . I am extremely disappointed in this product , as it is the first Fein product , of which I own many , that does NOT work as advertised . If I could , I would return the Sanding Finger and all of the sandpaper that I purchased for it .
 I SHOULD HAVE LISTENED TO THE OTHER REVIEWER ... BUT I HAD TO SEE FOR MY SELF !! DONT WASTE MONEY ON THIS . . THE SANDPAPER FALLS OFF IN ABOT 45 SEC ON USE ... I CANT EVEN GET A FULL MINUTE OF USE !! ONCE IT FALLS OFF . . IMPOSSIBLE TO STICK BACK ON !!! YOU WOULD THINK FEIN WOULD BE ABLE TO DESIGN SOMETHING BETTER . . I WOULD HAVE RATED IT LESS THAN ZERO STARS IF GIVEN THE CHOICE . . DONT BE STUPID LIKE ME !!! TRUST THE REVIEWER !!!
 C'mon Fein , the people that use your multimaster and spend that kind of money on a tool are usually craftsman that depend on the better manufacturers to live up to their name . When I told people what I spent on the multimaster they thought I was crazy until they had it in their hand . I suppose now that you 're running infomercials at 4AM the folks in R&D will pump out mass market targeted tools to appease Mr. Homeowner . Being as Mr. Homeowner will only use it twice a year I 'm sure he 'll find it adequate for refinishing his birdhouses each spring . Had you sent these attachments to the folks who bought your tools before it was `` chic '' to own one , you would n't have to read reviews such as this . Sorry guys , but you really did give us the `` finger '' on this one .
 I paid about 20 bucks for just two of these sanding pads , and for the price I paid I got TOTALLY ripped off . Because the glue that holds the Velcro sanding pads onto the stainless steel backing , failed after about 5 minutes of sanding , rendering them totally useless . You would think that if Fein is going to place these accessories on the market , they would make the pads so that they do n't fall off after five minutes , it 's embarrassing because Fein is supposed to be a high quality tool company made in Germany . I have had better quality sanders made in Taiwan sold at harbor Freight than this crap , I expect better quality tools if they are made in Germany , I guess made in Germany is not worth the price any more , looks like they are getting beat out by Tiawan .
 One would think that at this price , the quality of these lights would be very good . Wrong . They look great , heavy gauge materials , real glass ; but I knew I was in trouble as they fell apart as I took them out of the box . The little top hubs do not secure well with the top of the lattern . Luckily , the bulb keeps the lattern from falling to the ground . Why did I not return it ? they look fantastic . But I had to use wire , spit and some enginuity to keep these together . If you buy , be willing to do the same .
 The lights themselves are beautiful . Heavy metal and solid construction . However , they list a 14 foot cord , which it seems to have , but the lights from the first to the last one -LRB- 8 total -RRB- only make up a little over 5 feet ! The lights are very closely spaced -LRB- 9 inches apart at the top , but light to light is only about 5 inches because the lights are square and fairly big-baseball size -RRB- , and then you basically have an entire extension cord length left over . The lights are expensive , and if they were spaced apart appropriately , it would be a really nice set -LRB- not sure why they are spaced so closely since they are larger and have bigger bulbs than most standard `` string '' light sets -RRB- . However , you would need at least 2 sets -LRB- and somewhere to hide a whole lot of cord -RRB- to even get across a standard balcony .
 My friend has yet to receive the product even though it was ordered on May 2 and charged to my account May 7 .
 I got this extender to use with a paint scrapper . The scrapper handle will not fit in the holder . In fact only a tool with a small handle will work with this tool .
 I agree with the other reviewer . Wing nuts wo n't stay tight , takes too long to put the brush into the unit and to remove the brush from the unit . Too flimsy with a loaded brush , brush flops around making cut-ins very time consuming and , as the other fellow put it , Frustrating!PS I am also a professional painting contractor ...
 I have been painting for twenty years and this tool is very frustrating . The wing nuts never hold while I am painting and cutting in . It is always slipping out of place . Putting the brush in and pulling the brush out is very difficult as well . I do not recommend this product .
 This seller advertises a kit for a price on Amazon but when one logs on to the external site , the price is for a battery only .
 My husband bought this for me as a stocking stuffer ; unfortunately , I did n't even get to benefit from it at all . The batteries went dead after it repeatedly switched on by itself in my purse . I would of course shut it off if I spotted that but I think this happened too many times . I had this light linked to my key chain . You ca n't even replace its batteries - seems to be a one time use instrument . I 'm so disappointed in its poor design =-LRB- . I 've replaced this with a Solitaire Mag Instrument now and I am a lot happier . While the concept of having a small nearly weightless light is great , they must re-think this design .
 Who would pay $ for one battery ; when you could purchase 2 batteries , a charger and the drill itself for $ $ ??? . Why on earth do manufacturers price disposable items such as this so high?I for one will purchase a new drill ---------- but it will not be a DeWalt!Perhaps the same problem will occur with another brand , but I will feel better at the start giving Bosch or Porter Cable my commerce .
 Whiteside 's K41 was purchased to rout a table for a router plate -- just what the bit is advertised to do . The plate is a 1/4 inch aluminum plate -LRB- 8 1/4 by 11 3/4 -RRB- so that 's what the bit depth was set at . The bit did make it around the template , barely . Just as it finished the final turn the 1/4 inch shank broke in half . An examination showed the collar set screw was missing and the collar loose , letting the bearing wobble all over the place . The bearing was damaged and hard to turn , but with the shank broken it does n't matter . I 'm sending the broken bit back to Whiteside to see if their warranty works . Whiteside has replaced the bit with no questions asked . I have n't used the new one yet , but my hope is that is holds up .
 There are a few issues with this machine which make it less than user friendly . The adjustable angle of the platen has no preset angles . 0 , 90 and 45 would be nice , but 90 I feel is critical . You must use a square every time you adjust the angle to get it back to 90 . The table is adjustable up and down , but remember that 3 square feet of cast iron are heavy , and unless you have 4 hands , you can not adjust the table evenly . Most other models have a spring loaded table . On this model , you must loosen and lift one side at a time , teeter-tottering until you get the right hight , and you will not be level ... The side table for contour sanding is nice , but you must remove it if you want to close the dust shroud for use with the platen . The actual oscillation of the belt is less than 1/2 '' which makes that feature near useless . If I were to do it over again , I 'd probably go with the General or the Grizzly , staying in this price range . If you can afford it , go to the next level up ... . this machine is not worth the money
 I bought this same model almost twenty years ago , but at about half this price . The adjustable tilting mechanism never worked properly as it was out of alignment , so I never took it out of a ninety degree angle . Mine never had any oscillating action which was badly needed . I ca n't believe it took them this long to change this feature . Another thing they did n't have on their older models was a shut down system if the motor gets to hot . I almost burnt it up on more than one occasion , due to this . So if you are considering purchase this is something you might want to check on . I must admit that Jet tools have become better since they were bought out by the Co. that also owns Powermatic . They 've upgraded all the old Jet tools which were much in need of . There have been times when I needed more power than the 1 1/2 HP of this unit could provide , so If I ever buy another edge sander it would have to have at least 3 HP . I see that they 've also upgraded the duct collection hood as well which very much helps in keeping the dust out of your shop . I made a hood similar to this one for my unit . My rating of two stars is based on my much older model of this unit as I 'm sure that this newer one is much better , but they did n't have the internet back then so it 's pay back time . If I were buying another one today I 'd pass on this model and probably go with a Grizzly or Delta . Those units have heavier duty oscillating mechanisms and you can get them with the 3 HP motor .
 the tool itself is fine and works as advertised , but I am not pleased with Amazon . First of all , the carton did not have any outside damage which was why accepted the package in the first place . Upon opening it to begin to set it up it was very obvious that something was wrong . Many of the metal parts were bent considerably and the dry ice separators were broken which caused many of the parts to be loose and bang around inside the box . The frame that holds the motor and main assembly was so badly bent to the right that when I finished putting everythig together the belt would n't track at all ! I had to unmount the motor and shim it so that it would be in the correct position to allow the belt to track correctly . The belt guard holders were also bent so badly that I had to use a hamer just so that I could remove it , then again to set them back into place so that I could even re-mount it!The motor fan cover was hit so bad that it was bent in and the fan blades were obstructed , so the motor would n't move and tripped the circuit breakers . I had to unmount the cover and bang it into shape.Several of the covers and pieces that you have to put together had obvious marks of being used -LRB- screw and washer scrapes on the paint where they go -RRB- , so my suspicion is that this tool was either used or returned because of all the problems.Unfortunately for me it was so heavy and difficult to put together that I prefered to fix the problems myself rather than have to find someone to help me put it back in the box and wait for a replacement without knowing if the next one would be any better -LRB- or worse ! -RRB- . I bought a combo disc/belt sander from amazon a couple of years ago and though the problem was not as bad , there was significant cosmetic shipping damage to that tool as well.A Jet long bed jointer I got from amazon at the same time as this edge sander -LRB- but shipped through a different carrier -RRB- survived much better but also had signs of having been mishandled and the stand was also scratched and bent , which I had to fix myself.Too many problems buying these big tools through amazon . Next time I 'll probably buy locally , even if I need to recruit help of neighbors to help me unload it .
 The heater worked fine for a couple of years , then the power switch melted . I replaced the power switch with one having a higher current rating -LRB- 30A vice 20A -RRB- and after a few weeks the unit began to emit a burning electrical smell . I disassembled it and found the Diode Assembly MELTED ! A search on the net revealed that this is a common problem . Fahrenheat knows about the problem and even has a repair kit -LRB- DB Kit -RRB- for $ 36 . The diode alone cost $ 10 , plus $ 10 shipping . This is a $ 3 part if you know the specs.If you buy one of these be aware of the potential DANGEROUS failures . I do n't know how UL ever passed this product . It could be a fire hazard . If you do n't believe me GOOGLE `` Fahrenheat LFP6152 Diode . '' The fact that Fahrenheat knows about this problem to the point of developing an overpriced repair kit , and does n't make it right , is inexcusable . I 'll never buy another Fahrenheat product .
 I am not sure how so many people gave this unit such high marks . I left the unit on high for almost 2 hours and it did n't heat the room at all . You could barely feel heat standing right in front of it . I put on an oscillating low output heating coil unit and it out did this unit and actually raised the temperature of the room.Very disappointed . It goes to show reviews are a great tool but you really need to try something yourself .
 The unit itself gets very hot , but you can only feel the heat if you are right next to it . The room still remains very cold . No effective supplemental heat at all .
 This product puts out very little heat . A Delonghi Micothermic Panel radiator is a much better product . Also , AceHardwareOutlet has a very poor return policy .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 I like the style and it looks good when I put them up . However there aretwo major problems
 I purchased three of these for the front of my house . They look good and the construction is decent . The main problem is with the photocell circuit . As the sun goes down and it gets dark , these fixtures turn off and on rapidly , until it gets dark enough to stay off . They have no built-in time delay or a latching circuit to prevent this from happening . This rapd flipping on and off results in drastically lower life of the bub . One of the three has already quit working completely . The flourescent light bulbs are the kind that plug-in , not screw in . These plug-in type of light bulbs are not readily available to the consumer market . You have to go to the internet or an electric supply house to purchase them .
 Although when it works , the light is attractive and bright , I was trying to figure out how I could send it back as the packaging is gone . The light sensor is placed under the decorative area so that it has to be quite bright outside for the light to go off . The bulb is not a typical fluorescent bulb - it has spikes that fit into the fixutre rather than a screw in bulb . It would be better to have a typical screw in bulb so as to be able to purchase them for replacement easily . Attractive light , just not what I had hoped for w/function .
 When the lamp arrived , the shade was all collapsed and no matter how we tried , we could never get it completely back into shape , AND the chrome finish was peeling off already . No we did n't try and return it , with my husband working 6 days a week and my inability to drive , that made it too hard to get to the post office to return it . It works , but it looks shabby .
 This sale for 19 USD is for old junk , produced in 2005 , stored somewhere wrong way , all stickers are pealing off , plastic base is cracked like Sahara surface and rust showing inside metal tubes . This is not a sale for item worth over 100 USD , this is rip off !!! However installation is very easy , few minutes if you follow instruction .
 I was impressed with the design , but once assembled -LRB- later on that -RRB- , it was ugly . The design remained intact -- stunning -- , but the chrome finish was badly marred in areas . The lamp leaned , the top of the lamp seems to be too heavy for the pole or support of the shade . The assembly was worse of all , it took hours to assemble . Usually , after all the work put in to assembling the thing , I 'd keep it . But not this time , all of the work should have yielded a better product . It 's going back .
 I could not put the wires into the lamp pole and gave up the installation in the end . My husband put them together and I did not know how he did it . It does not look good in my living room and I am afraid it will fall apart someday ...
 Last week I bought this lamp from this same site for $ 17 . At that price I can live with the fact that it is awkwardly shaped -LRB- WAY too wide -RRB- . It looks good in the pic but is kind of frumpy in 3-D . It leans when you first assemble it . I followed the directions explicity when assembling and it still leans . I plan to go back and fix this but unless you have time to fix something you bought new that is n't all that great anyway , take a pass on this one .
 Both the floor and table versions of this lamp are of appallingly low quality . These were cheap , about 80 % off list , and I still feel fleeced . I was n't expecting much , I figured Ikea quality ; works , looks good , 2nd rate materials . These were so much worse than I expected . I should have heeded the first reviewer 's warning . As always , Amazon makes returns nearly effortless .
 This product , once put together , is unstable , does not stand up correctly , and refuses to stand straight up . I threw it out the day after it arrived at my house . It seems like a deal , but it 's only a waste of money and is poorly designed .
 I am very handy , but by the time I finished installing this dead bolt it was already damaged . When you screw it into place , there 's nothing to stop the screws from over-screwing . By the time the screws were tightly attached , their tips had poked into the front of the locking face and bent the metal . If the metal bends this easily , it 's hard for me to believe that it 's actually going to make my house secure .
 Returned this and ordered the Pondmaster 1250 instead . Had to clean the filter every fews days in contrast to the 1250 that I celaned out weekly . SO Disappointed . You get what you pay for .
 This pump did n't even make it a year . I would not buy this pump unless you want to replace it in a short amount of time .
 This pump did not last very long , so I sent it back and received a replacement . The replacement did not last long , so I sent it back and received a second replacement . Well , replacement # 2 failed , so I give up . Going to buy a pump from a different manufacturer .
 I ordered this pump on June 11th . it was received and used for three weeks . It stopped working . I applied for and received another pump from Amazon . I have had it since July 13th and again it stopped working . The directions say that the impella section should be cleaned by taking it apart if it clogs up . However , one needs special tools to remove it for cleaning , tools which even my Ace Hardware store does not have . I did back flush it which did no good . Since the refund time has passed , I am stuck with a pump that I have had for less than two months and it does n't work .
 I bought this to keep a small -LRB- 3.5 ' diam , 1.5 ' deep -RRB- turtle pond clean , and at first it moved water well but did n't really seem to get the water any cleaner . We would clean out the filter every few days as the flow decreased , but over time the flow got weaker . After a couple months it started making grinding noises and stopped moving water at all .
 I purchased this thru Amazon about 3-4 months ago ... and it suddenly quit.Worked great until then . Not sure who to contact ... UPDATE : Contacting the company and found out that Amazon is not a `` designated distributor '' for their product so they wo n't take it back !! I tried to take apart the pump as per their suggestion and found out the pump impeller was Broken ! ... and the whole thing is now good as a door stop.I do n't have the money to waste.And this was definitely a BIG WASTE .
 I ran this pump for 3 months on a timer . It kept the water clear in my small pond -LRB- with several fish -RRB- . Very low powered , but fine for my purposes - aeration and filtration . Sadly , it stopped working after just 3 months . I tried fixing it as related in a previous review , to no avail . It was cleaned regularly and not abused . Other pumps work as well , last longer and are the same price . Try tetra .
 I got this for my small 90 gallon pond . This filter is totally inadequate and I was warned by local retail stores and pet stores that it would not be a strong enough . They all said it just does n't do the job . Well i wish I listened ! Take it from me . . DO N't BUY IT ! Spend the few extra dollars and get a stronger one !
 Worked as expected originally , great for smaller pond . On the down side , it will quickly tip over in your pond without some additional weight on the filter box . The filter box quickly clogs but conditions could vary from pond to pond . Initially I was pleased but then the pump broke in less than 3 months of use . Too much money for inferior product .
 It worked kind of until it broke a week later :-LRB- The plastic clips to lock down the top broke
 I received the item and when I tried it ----- The unit ran for approximately 2 minutes and then stopped ----- It was a defective unit which I am unable to return for exchange . I have to return it and repurchase the item . I am sure the item is generally a good because I had the same model a few years ago and was very satisfied with the performance of the unit -- I am very disenchanted with the lack of cooperation in replacing defective items without having to go through the purchase procedure again .
 Bought this product in May 2010 for my 200 gallon 4 ' X 6 ' pond . This is a magnetically driven pump that uses low wattage , a plus . But within weeks the impeller -LRB- the only moving part -RRB- broke and within 6 months the second impeller broke . So I bought two more . This time when it stopped , it turned out to be the motor itself , not the spare impellers.So I 've decided never again with this brand . I 've had my fish pond for 25 years and have run pumps 365 days/year through harsh winters and thick ice . For over 22 years , I used a Little Giant brand pump , 3 of the same model . So that 's what I am going back to . In my experience , the Pondmaster pump is inferior and poorly engineered .
 So far this pump/filter setup has worked for me . My pond is 8x10 and 2 1/2 feet at its deepest and 1 foot at the lowest . The pump has been running none stop for 2 weeks now and I have not experienced any issues . The filter that came with it is good , it does the job of filtering and it is also easy to clean.Edit : I have now changed my review to 2 stars . After just a little over 2 months of off and on use the pump has stopped working . I thought it might have been clogged but when I took it out of my pond it was clean and no excessive debris was in the filter . If you are look for a pump to run continuously then stay away from this one .
 This is my second pond master and I only got another because I had some spares for the first . It needs a new coupling every 8 months or so and the pump would no longer work after 2 years . Not a great product in my opinion .
 Pondmaster PMK190 is rated at 190 gph but it did not seem to pump as much as other pumps I have owned . The picture on the box shows a large spray and the one purchased may have been malfunctioning so it was returned to the manufacturer for testing.It is also unclear how well the filtration system would work based on the short stint . However , the path of water may not be optimum since the water is not drawn through the entire filter .
 I have been running this pump for about a month straight now and have done cleanings on the filters once a week . It trips my breaker everytime I plug/unplug it . The filter is removing algae from my pond -LRB- 190 gallon -RRB- , but my pond is far from being clear . I have also been using algicide ... It may be time to spend the $ $ $ for a UV filter . The filter maybe good for a smaller pond , but so far its performance is unsatisfactory at best in mine .
 I purchased the first PMK190 Pump and it did not pump properly . The magnetic pump made a lot of noise
 This is a toy at best . The pump is wholly inadequate . It is able to produce an arched umbrella of water at the top of the 20 '' or so fountain top to about 2 '' in diameter . 24 hours later it is not pumping at all . After a thorough cleaning it still does not pump water all the way to the top of the fountain stick . I was expecting a larger unit it was surprisingly tiny . I will be returning it .
 I have had my 100 gallon pond for 10 years . This is the 3rd pump -LRB- with filter -RRB- I have bought and it is easily the worst . First of all this filter should not be recommended for more than 50 gallons . It is too small for much else and needs to be cleaned twice a week if filtering 100 gallons . The main reason I would never buy a Pondmaster product again is because of it 's poor quality . EVERY time I have to clean this filter and pump it takes almost two hours because to get the pump to work again is a huge ordeal . The problem is it always has to be taken apart to clean and getting the propeller to spin after that is when I have to waste wellover an hour each time . I work on it in my kitchen sink since it takes so long to get working . Once the screws are removed and I hold the pump together by hand it works fine . Put the screws back -LRB- tight , not tight , makes no difference -RRB- in and the propeller stops working . After going through this procedure for an hour or so you may get lucky and have it start working . Then very often I get back out to the pond with the pump that was working fine in my sink 3 minutes earlier and once it goes in the pond it will STOP WORKING AGAIN . I am ordering a new pump and filter today and throwing this junk in the trash were it belongs . I should also mention this unit is 4 1/2 months old . I could pay to return the pump for replacement , but I have no confidence in this product.The same day I wrote this review was the last day I bothered working on this piece of junk to get it to work . I went to Lowes and bought a Smartpond floating pump and filter with UV . It cost $ 120 but it is worth it . It has four LED lights that shine on the fountain head and it looks great at night . One of the fountain heads shots the water straight up and it is awesome to see at night . The only thing that I have to clean regularly on this new filter is the fountain head and that takes about two minutes .
 I bought this product yesterday from a store , just wanted to warn others . Maybe mine was a manufacturing fluke , but there are 2 problems right off the bat . The lid to the casing that holds the filters does n't latch shut , so I ca n't hold it from the handle , the whole thing opens up . Second , it 's a good thing the bonus fountain head is `` free '' because mine did not make a nice dome shape , it sprayed directly out , reaching 5 feet in all directions . So , I secured the casing shut with zip ties and took off the fountain head , so it just bubbles out , but that works for now . it 's been running for a couple of hours and going strong , just disappointed I had to alter 2 parts because of bad design .
 I was happy to order this product . It got here quick . Saddly after 5 minutes the pump blew . I called pondmaster who refused to honor the warrenty due to the amount of rebuilt equipment comming from sellers on Amazon and Ebay . The seller has said they will return the money and refused to exchange for another product . I paid $ 10 for return shipping -LRB- wich will not be refunded to me -RRB- and still no word from the seller . I have had to call Amazon to make sure I get my money back . All I can say is BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!
 I moved into a condo where the closets are furnished with ClosetMaid wire shelving . They were filthy . I dismounted them , which is not easy , and put them into the bath tub where I scrubbed them . Scrubbing each wire is very time consuming . When they were finally white and clean , I let them air dry . Even though they are definitely clean , they are still sticky . Searching on the web , this is apparently a well-known problem with wire shelves . Friends advised me to throw them out and buy new shelves .
 Tool is a lot smaller than I thought . It works but is not comfortable to use . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 The product was not as pictured . Only the pedestal was included , not the sink ... and it was the wrong pedestal !! Stay away from this company . Very deceiving ad .
 I have a Makita 2708 portable table saw mounted in a Rousseau Porta-Mak table -LRB- I do n't have a shop , and do n't have room for a regular table saw -RRB- . Based on the description and the reviews here , this looked like a great addition to my setup . But despite the description saying this will work for ANY saw -LRB- even says so in big print on the box -RRB- , the fact is that it wo n't work for mine . Apparently the Makita portable uses a non-standard miter gauge that 's smaller than the minimum on the Incra.If you have a similar saw , look elsewhere .
 Ok ... I took the bait and bought a few of these as gifts.Based on the description and the list price -LSB- more than $ 4 per socket ... your price will vary based on Amazon 's price du jour , which fluctuates dramatically at times -RSB- , I expected better quality :1 -RRB- Amazon 's description is not accurate , since it implies that the sockets are made in the USA . The actual packaging states
 Broke on first try ! I finally got a chance to use this gift , but upon trying to remove a stuborn rounded off bolt the socket broke . Box says &#34; lifetime warranty &#34; and I need to return it but just have n't wanted to take the time to hastle with it .
 This lantern is like a child 's toy . It is very cheaply made -LRB- tin like -RRB- , we would have been afraid to put lamp oil in it and use it as intended - a lantern . The filling cap was made worse than a soda cap , there were bent parts and it was very lightweight , not as expected . Our 40 year old Dietz lantern is made out of heavy metal and is very sturdy , nothing like this one .
 I was very disappointed with the quality of these socket storage strips . The inserts did n't fit the socket recesses , and I had to squeeze each one with a pair of pliers to get them to enter the sockets . This was the case with both the 3/8 '' and the 1/4 '' sizes . Just another case of a trusted company settling for `` Chinese Junk '' to increase profit .
 These socket holders seem well built . However the are very tight . Just getting the sockets onto the rail was a pain . I understand that you do n't want it to be too loose but I 've used other socket holders that are not as tight and they work just fine . Maybe they will loosen up over time .
 The customer service and shipping from this company were excellent!I guess I did n't believe the other reviews and thought I would get one of the `` good '' ones . I was so disappointed because you need a crobar and leather gloves to get the door open . The knob has very sharp points and the door is almost impossible to open . I was going to try to fix it but I do n't think the door fits properly and the latch is n't fixable . I 'm sorry I had to return it because I do n't think the mailman could get it open .
 This mail box looks great and assembled nicely , but it is hard to open and close
 Compared to other Grizzly designed products , this hood falls well short of the mark in terms of finish , but especially FIT . When the hood arrived , it appeared as a piece of thin grade metal , shaped into a tube and painted with black enamel . Instructions were a Zeroxed line drawing . And when I actually attached the hood to the planer , I felt like I had just got taken for one more add on purchase.I 'll be designing my own.And I 'll paint it Grizzly green .
 Product title is Great Neck SK10M 10Mm 12Pt Socket 3/8 '' Dr. However , this is not a 12Pt socket , it is a standard 6Pt socket .
 these were Both defective right out of the box ... poor china made junk in my opinion !
 Bought the 1st one , the timer stopped working 2 weeks later ; had it replaced , the 2nd one only functioned for 1 day then the timer stopped working again . Now I am waiting for a response from the vendor if I can return it at all .
 I 'm sure that this item is wonderful , but the store that was offering it failed to update their inventory or something . I ordered 2 of them and it was n't until the day after they received my order that they bothered to say it is unavailable .
 G.T. Water Products , Inc. 157 10-Foot Drain King Hose and Brass Faucet KitBought this hose along with a Drain King to unclog my bathtub drain . Tried to attach hose to water source and discovered that there are NO threads on the end that needs to be attached to the water . Great quality control . I 'll bet it where it was made ! LOL Will return for refund . Had to go to hardware store for a hose with threads on BOTH ends .
 The gloves are giant and do not fit my hands . The coating on the right glove is double the thickness of the left glove and since I am right handed this makes them to bulky and impossible to grip anything . I will be returning them . I did not test their chemical resistance so I ca n't rate them on that , but they are covered in neoprene . I paid extra for the brand name and am dissapointed in the quality control eventhough they are made in the USA . I hope you have different results .
 I like the fit and the manual dexterity . However , when I pulled a skillet out of a 450 degree oven today , it hurt badly , not much better than bare-handed . I am very disappointed . I look forward to using it with a grill when the weather warms up , but I wo n't expect a lot from it . In the meantime , I 'm going to price welding mitts .
 These gloves - although highly rated by America 's Test Kitchen - are almost unusable . They are huge - even for my husband who is not a small man - and extremely clumsy . He is too kind to complain as they were a Father 's Day gift but I notice he continues to use his old worn out gloves instead of the new ones . I would return them but it 's not worth the hassle or expense .
 I was informed that these gloves were available in 10 '' . I wanted to order a long pair and a short pair . What I received was 2 long -LRB- huge and clumsy -RRB- pairs of unusable gloves . When I called customer service at the vendor , I was told they are not available in 10 '' - so they sent me two pair of the long ones . Disappointing for an Amazon vendor !!
 I bought 9 of these registers for my home renovation in progress . These registers look cheap , feel cheap , and work cheap . I 'll be looking for a better quality register elsewhere . I 'm not sure where I 'll find them though as this same brand is carried at Home Depot and Lowes .
 I was trying to tape off a square on my jetski , then paint it with krylon paint . The surface was smooth sanded , cleaned with paint prep , then taped . Proper preperation is key with painting . The paint laid out awesome , perfect three layers . The next night after waiting 24hrs . , the tape was ready to pul , as a peeled it up instantly i became furious as i realized the paint had bled under the tape . Total garbage in my opinion !
 Very disappointed with this tape . I just painted a room and the tape left a rough edge not a clean line as I was expecting . 3M says this will leave a Sharp Line but I have never seen that , I always see a rough edge . The bigger problem is that I taped along an edge where the tile meets the wall and apparently the tape did n't stick real well as the paint bled underneath in spots and onto the tile/wall interface . Now I have to go back and either scrape the paint off or caulk over it . And this is supposed to be a Multi-Surface tape . I could have done a better job using a wet rag -LRB- it was latex paint -RRB- and just wiping any spots where there should n't have been paint.I would not recommend this tape and I have been painting for over 40 years and have used many different tapes and this is one that I regret using .
 The tape arrived and it appears that it was older tape stock.Kind of dry and not the freshest tape stock . I was kinda pissed .
 This tape was sold at a good price so I thought I 'd give it a try . Unfortunately , it has that nasty habit of tearing length-wise as I try to pull it off the roll . I guess the adhesive is too strong for the paper . Next time I 'll spring for the expensive green tape .
 I bought this instead of Frog Tape because of the `` multi-surface '' on the packaging . The fine print however , says it 's not for wallpaper , wood floors , or unpainted wallboard . Nor lacquered surfaces -LRB- which I do not have -RRB- . That left painted surfaces , but I had problems . Especially with the primer , which I suppose because it was thinner , leaked under the tape . What a mess . I definitely will not use again . I had much , much better results with Frog Tape .
 3M 's SCOTCHBLUE painter 's tape allowed paint to bleed onto my NEW granite countertops , dark woodwork and wall ceramic tile . It tore the new paint off the wall upon removal , which was very difficult because the tape tore REPEATEDLY . I was next to tears . Looks like 3M has outsourced their previous quality to China . 3M never again .
 I was hoping I could find these in the store -- but went to many and no one had them . I use the old -- rather large -- tree lights , and this keeps them cool enough to actually turn on!Unfortunately , they all failed after just a few minutes ...
 Worked for a few moments ... then went kaput . I read earlier reviews but trusted those that gave this a passing grade . You can bet that if asked again , they would give it a failing review ... This should be taken off Amazons site ...
 This twinkler is a perfect joke does n't worth a penny5 bucks flushed in the toiletteStay away from it
 Junk did n't work ! Dimmed my lights and got really hot . My lights never flashed ! Would not suggest to a friend .
 this did not function as well as I had hoped . The flashing is too slow and we only got one Christmas season out of it .
 It does make the lights flash but not like I was hoping . I am using it on a set of Halloween lights and all it makes them do is flicker on off like if I had the flicker bulb on the light set . If I hook it to t flouresent light it has the effect like I want as if it were about to go out like an old light fixture in a haunted house . And it heats up quick after plugging it in not sure if this should happen either .
 I tried this on LED lights , and it will not make them blink , the device heats up to very hot , but nothing blinks . not willing to burn my house down I put them in the trash .
 I was hoping for something that would make a string of Christmas light flash . -LRB- indoors -RRB- This worked for about 4 hours . Just more junk from you know where .
 Was excited that I found the blinkers , but for some reason after connecting them to the Xmas tree they did n't work . Well they worked for about one hour then stopped . Better luck next time I guess . I 'll try them again this Xmas maybe I 'll have better luck .
 I ordered 3 of these flashers for Christmas lights . None of them worked . Since all were sealed in the original packaging , I have to assume the manufacturer has poor quality control .
 There was something very wrong with the one I received . It became extremely hot and the lights plugged in never came on .
 Plugged our mini Christmas lights into it , plugged it into the wall and within 15 minutes smelled it burning on the inside . Need I say more ?
 I got these to use on Christmas lights as blinkers . The never did blink , not sure if there is some trick to getting them to work . If it is somebody let me know .
 Bad product , bought 5 and 1 failed within 8 hours and 1 would not work at all , would not recommend .
 i bought this thinking it would make my lights blink but it did n't work at all but i was not going to return it and pay for shipping
 Today I was using the # 00 Philips head screwdriver from the set for only the second time -- to fix an iPod . As I was pressing it into the screw , the shaft receded a bit into the handle and then started rotating as I was trying to turn the screw . I could n't get any toque out of it anymore . Luckily I had an eyeglass type screwdriver around to finish the job I was in the middle of . I guess these are poor quality and will have to become my throw-away set for jobs that might damage things . I 'll have to look in to getting higher quality ones here on Amazon .
 Who designed this ? You need to add 3 5/8 &#34; to your measurements due to the bulky size of this tape . The back is not square so depending on how you use , say into a corner , it might be 3 1/2 &#34; or maybe 3 5/8 &#34; because the back is uneven . Who the heck wants to add 3 5/8 &#34; to all measurements ? Also , I expect this &#34; add number &#34; to change as the rubber case wears down over time . The lock tab will wear your thumb out . Get a metal Stanley and be confident that you will add 3 &#34; everytime . I have no problem with seller and I did not attempt to return it . I 'll use it when measuring something between 25 ' and 30 ' . It 's a good paper weight .
 This flashlight does n't work at all and unfortunately it 's not worth the cost to return it . There 's not much more to say .
 Received this beautiful faucet in a timely manner and it apparently operated well , but over time , it began to fail . After only 2 years , we 've had to tighten the handles often , and just today , had to replace the washers because of leakiness . Not just a simple , annoying drip , but a full-on trickle that began this morning . 2 years was a short time for the cost . Replacing it now and not buying that brand ever .
 It 's a cheap plastic staple gun . You 're better off using a real staple gun with wire tacking staples , then trying to get this this to make it .
 I bought this thing thinking I would finally have a nice way of hanging my Christmas lights . Well , I was wrong . The staples wo n't penetrate the trim around my roof ! So I had to go out and buy another staple gun that uses industrial staples , which works OK but does n't really look clean . All in all pretty much a waste of $ 20 . I 'll probably just go back and use finishing nails like I did at my other house .
 The tube which is inserted into the end of the hose fit so loosely in my 3/4 '' Gilmour hose that no amount of crimping would make a leak free seal . Admittedly , the package does say `` HOT WATER '' , BUT , the back of the package states `` FOR OUTDOOR AND COLD WATER USE ONLY '' .
 I was very disappionted in this product.when i got it all the sockets where mixed up , do to case was defective in the molding part cant hold sockets in place.the first socket i used split , taking off a distributor cap on a gm vehicle.I have a set of gearwrench rachet type wrenches been very satified with them , so thought id try these sockets.they do have life time so i will be taking it to nearest place to replace it .
 It 's official
 A little deceptive . The ad reads 1000 per case so I thought it to be a big case of covers at a great price . Instead , I received four packs of toilet seat covers . Next time , I 'll go to Smart and Final and purchase toilet seat covers at the same price and I do n't have to pay shipping costs .
 had an earlier oen of this same model and it had been checked against professional equipment and found to be accuratethe latest version has an additional button for additional memory but the unit was very slow to respond to changes in the air and worse yet , it read 6 to 7 point higher in humidity . THe plastic fold-out table-top stand fell off immediately - the usual `` made in china '' problemthis is a do not buy . pity , the previous omes were fairly good and I had several and all regtistered with a 2 pts of one another in humidity
 Read the fine print I guess . The product is probably perfectly good but it was the rods in the picture I wanted . Just personally hate it when the picture is not what you get . I know I should read the description more carefully & I take responsibility for that .
 This is a German product . You expect high quality . You will receive extremely poor quality . When we opend the box , the screws to fix the motor inside of the body , came apart separately . Better buy true American products , manufactured here in the US . Yepp .
 Pump was installed and leaks.the leak has slowed but we will have to replace it when we are able and when we have a replacement
 The picture shows the complete set for installing hanging files . All I received were the bars , not the attaching fixtures . This is deceptive advertising .
 I would not recomend this product . Product is not sturdy . Followed mounting instructions for mounting on a 4x4 . After mounting mailbox to bracket on 4x4 , mailbox moved a lot . I found it was more sturdy to use 3/4 in plywood under mailbox and screwed to 4x4 without this mounting bracket .
 I purchased a relatively cheap -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- Gibraltar mailbox . The mailbox did not include a bracket to attach the mailbox to the post . No biggie , what do you expect for $ 7.95 , right ? On the mailbox packing container , there was a note that said that they recommended the Solar PLMB molded mailbox bracket . You would think that the holes on the bracket would have aligned with the holes on the mailbox given this recommendation . Well , two of the holes lined up ! Two out of four ai n't bad , so I give the bracket a two ... or is that the mailbox that should get a two !! Nothing wrong with the bracket -LRB- per se -RRB- or the mailbox , just the people who did the QA on the two items -LRB- quality assurance -RRB- .
 I have had two of these chargers and they both have stopped working within 1 to 2 years of very limited use . After the first one stopped working -LRB- a year ago -RRB- , I originally thought the battery was the problem , but it and my other two batteries worked with the other charger until that one stopped working this week .
 This charger and a battery came with my trimmer . I have had the charger for about 18 months now and it has stopped working . My experience is consistent with the other reviewers regarding how short the life of this charger is . I just checked B&D 's Web site and I do n't see this charger listed . Hopefully that means they have stopped making it !
 I would n't waste your time buying this product . It work once great , and then that was it ...
 This simply does not work . Does not charge either of the batteries for my blower which I know are not bad .
 My Grass hog grass trimmer is just about 2 years old . The trimmer itself is quite good and uses much less string that others we have owned . However , the charger has now failed . I actually put a meter on it found it was putting out 1.8 volts instead of 18 volts and the red light never comes on anymore . I was able to use the charger for my B&D electric drill of same voltage and it is now successfully charging the trimmer batteries . I checked the output of my old charger at 19.0 volts . Of all my battery operated tools , this is the cheapest design charger I have ever seen . I found prices from $ 14.55 to $ 24.00 , which is honestly about $ 10 to $ 15 more than it should be . I am going to contact B&D to ask why so many reviews are negative and ask too if they have an improved model available .
 This purchase was made to replace the original charger that came with a B&D ; hard surface blower . Original was only a couple years old . It was n't dropped , or exposed to rough service . It just quit working . Consequently , the only reason I replaced it was because it was cheaper to do so vs buying new product from different manufacturer . -LRB- Two batteries and blower still work fine -RRB-
 This piece of **** is a waste of money . DO NOT BUY IT ! Normally Black and Decker tools are good , but not this . I charged the batteries for a full day hoping to get some use out of it and when I put it in my B&D circular saw it could n't even go all the way through a 4x8 piece of plywood . B&D need to send all of us better batteries/chargers for free . I bought this as a kit with a bunch of tools using the same battery and the only tool I can use is the flashlight . I hate it . Negative 1000 stars !
 Just bought trimmer from Amazon , charged up the batteries , used , charged again , did quite a bit of trimming , put batteries on charger so my neighbor could use , will run about 2 minutes -LRB- I guess on what little power that was in the battery -RRB- will not charge at all now , cold to touch , can tell is not charging . Was going to go buy another charger but these reviews tell me I will be wasting my money . WILL CONTACT B&D ; , NOT SURE THEY WILL DO ANYTHING , I have better luck with Amazon customer service , may call them first.I noticed that all these reviews are 3 or 4 years old , I hope something has improved , going to WalMart to buy another charger . Will see how long it works . Really like the trimmer hope I get a charger to work with it
 This charger never worked . The charger light never came on . I had to return it for a refund . Other people had same problem . Buyer beware !
 Need I say more ? Bought a new battery , thinking I had just not used the original one enough and maybe it had depleted too long , but nope , its the charger . Now I am out over $ 50 - an amount that would practically BUY the whole unit I am trying to get working -LRB- Hedgehog Trimmer -RRB- . SO next I will get the charger and hope it works better than the bad reviews some gave it on here.Black and Decker
 I have a B&D ; Grass Hog cordless trimmer which I like ... One battery is n't enough to do my entire yard -LRB- it came with 2 batteries , but only 1 charger -RRB- so I figured I 'd order a second charger - have both batteries charged before I started the yard , and I 'd be in ` hog heaven ' . So , I ordered this charger from Amazon.Long story short
 Like the other reviews here , these 2 chargers that came with my B&D tools malfunctioned at about the same time . Then I bought the fs2400dc charger that has an indicator light to tell you if it 's charging , completed or faulty -LRB- battery , that is -RRB- . I found out that one of my batteries was faulty . I ca n't be sure if the faulty battery was the cause of both chargers going out but the bottom line is they did go out after relatively short use which I find unacceptable whatever the reason .
 I have four B & D chargers . Three are model 5103069-12 and one is a 2009 model T180859 . The other three chargers are 2005,2006 , and 2007 models . All four of these chargers quit working within the last few months . All of them are out of warranty so I did n't attempt to contact B & D about them.The failures of these chargers made me curious as to what actually happened to cause them to stop working . I cut open the cases on two of the chargers and found that both had a failure of the same diode in each unit . The bad diodes are easily spotted because of a darkened area around them from heat build up . At Radio Shack I purchased two replacement diodes for about $ 1.04 . I replaced the diodes in both chargers and they now work ok . I have only used each to charge one battery so do n't know how long the repair will last . Perhaps the original diode did n't have enough capacity , but that 's only a guess . When I cut open the two remaining chargers , I am confident that they also will have burned out diodes.Needless to say , I am unhappy with the quality of B & D chargers . The charger cases can be resealed using epoxy such as JB Weld .
 This charger is not worth a hoot . I bought the Black & Decker 3 lawn tool combo . It came with a triple battery charger . After that I have bought a battery chain saw and a extended hedge trimmer . They came with this little rinky-dink battery charger . I have had one of them for about 2 years and the other for 3 years and they both went out at the same time . Black & Decker should give away the tools because the ICAD batteries do n't last and they make a fortune of the price of the useless batteries . They should make the batteries NIMH type so you can charge thm at anytime and not have to wear down the battery . I get about 15 minutes out a battery charge when using my weed trimmer . I like the battery operated tools it 's just the sorry batteries and battery chargers I do n't like.I suggest if you buy any battery operated product that you make sure it comes with NIMH batteries not NICAD . You can read about the difference between batteries on the internet .
 I have three and they worked for over a year ; then all went bad at about the same time . I have three because I own Black & Decker circular saws , recip . saws , drills , a sander , a weed trimmer , etc. , all using the 18 volt system .
 Don `` t buy this !!! It is unreliable !! I have only used this charger three times to charge the batteries that came with my grasshog weedeater . Now it has died and I have three batteries and a weedeater that I ca n't use because B&D ; puts out such a horrible charger with their tools . What a collossal waste of my money!I thought it would be nice to be able to just throw a battery on my grasshog and trim the lawn whenever convenient but I have learned my lesson . Anyone need three 18 volt batteries for their trimmer ?????
 Two of these OEM units failed within a couple weeks . One was about three years old ; the other about four months . The newer was replaced under warranty with a different model that is supposed to be more reliable
 I got product all right it was not what I needed so I returned it and I am still waiting for a return on my money 4 weeks later.P.S . I paid for it promptly
 We bought ours at Home Depot at the start of summer after buying our first home.Having a VERY small piece of land -LRB- .06 acres -RRB- we assumed the TWO batteries it came with would be more than enough to do the few weeds along the fences and the little bit of grass out front but neither battery will charge fully . If it would take and hold the charge it would probably be a great item to have but as it is it is a waste of time and money .
 we bought this item , it worked for two months , then would n't charge , now a replacement costs 40 dollars , I do n't think so when the trimmer cost $ 50this is a bad product that does not last , I DO NOT recommend it . Waste of money . Purchased at Sears , very unhappy .
 I purchased this trimmer since I used their sprinkler system and had been happy with it.It is light weight and cheap but it has a major flaw.The two buttons in the handle work off a switch which can burn out rather easily . A home depot guy told me . He said the one he bought lasted 3 months . Mine lasted 3 minutes.Assembly was ok but the U-Guide was not designed to well as it took a little effort to get it in place.The handle and trigger setup is good -LRB- excluding the switch burnout problem -RRB- and make sure you wrap the cord as suggested . The base for the plug is not tight so if you do n't loop , it will wiggle loose.The cutting cord setup was easy and the engine is decent well when it worked for the 3 minutes I had it.Toro made a mistake with this one . I would avoid it.The Home Depot man said to look at Black and Decker . He had been using one for awhile and has been happy with it .
 Over the past 10 years , I 've worn out a few similar Toro trimmers - just burned up the motors over time . But I liked the model and the price point and the service life enough to keep buying the same model . But after the last one died , I could n't find the old model any more . This model seemed to be pretty close . But I 'm not nearly as happy with this one as the others.Primary complaint - the string advance is a step backward . The old models clipped on which made removing the spool rather easy . The new one threads on and is a pain to line up with the hole in the housing . As with most other trimers , the string supplied by the factory is very lightweight . You 'll find yourself needing to advance the string every few feet . To me that 's a pain . And given how fast the spool tip wears down when you tap to advance , you 'll find yourself needing to replace the whole spool -LRB- as opposed to just rewinding some new string -RRB- frequently.On the previous model , I addressed the spool/string shortcomings by upgrading the string to a higher weight and just re-winding onto a stock spool . I got a LOT more use out of each string advance . BUT after attempting to do this with the current model , I had no success . The heavier string would n't feed with a tap on the ground . I had to stop , upend the trimmer , and push and tug . Made for a really long evening of yard work.Needless to say , I 'll be looking for a new trimmer before next weekend .
 Works great for a few minutes but after some advancing , the spool tends to lock up ... which you might think would work better if you didnt screw the cap on so tight ... but then the little eyelet that the line feeds thru can fly off -LRB- and you have to order that online and wait a week -RRB- . Which I did . But , that doesnt solve the problem ... neither does WD40 . Last time I used this , it took an hour to trim my short walk because I had to manually advance the line every 8 feet of work . Please do not buy this machine . I wish I had spent 3x more money to get something that simply had more than a 30 minute life to it . Such a shame that I need to throw out a perfectly good engine/handle setup because the spooling mechanism is so poorly engineered/manufactured . I looked for aftermarket replacements but they dont seem to exist . I will not buy Toro again .
 TORO 's bump-feeding trimmers proved to be so AGGRAVATING that I promised myself that I would get on Amazon and write a SCATHEING review . I did not have this exact model , but I have 2 models -- the 12in and 15in , that were new last year . On both models , every 60sec the string broke -LRB- happens -RRB- , but the string would get jammed in its own crevice of the screw mechanism , or would disappear back into itself . This required hand-untightening the string chamber . However , if hand-tightened , often one can not untighten it 60sec later -- leave hardly tight . I do n't own a gas trimmer , but I went online and spent $ 30 for replacement teeth for my friend 's trimmer so that I will have access to his -- that bad . When I was a kid , I used a string trimmer and occasionally had to advance the string -LRB- 2-3 times per yard -RRB- . In 25 years , what has TORO done to FAIL SO MUCH on such a SIMPLE electric motor application ?!
 I was just out using my Toro trimmer for the third time . After an hour or so of operation , the motor slowed down noticeably , and I began to see smoke . I pulled back from the weed trimming , and ran the motor at full speed to enable the maximum amount of airflow through the motor to cool it down . Instead it began to emit more smoke , and then quit working altogether.I would not recommend this product at all . It is a cheap toy , and a waste of money .
 My dad did n't even get to use it . When he took it out of the box it was already broken .
 This item was less than acceptable and broke immediately I had to return it and purchase another type of trimmer I tell you `` DON `` T BUY IT '' .
 We received this item as a housewarming present . Warming is exactly what it did . The second time we started it up , it started shooting flames out of the bottom and smoking heavily . Needless to say , it went back to Home Depot where they were n't selling them anymore . I thought because of the `` Toro '' name , it would be great but , unfortunately our 's was a lemon .
 USED THIS PRODUCT TWO TIMES AND STARTED TO SMELL AND SEE SMOKE NOT SAFE DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY
 I bought the Toro 51346 15-inch 4.4 amp Electric trimmer/edger on May 25 , 2010 and used it twice . The first time I used the trimmer it worked like a charm . Lots of power and did a great job of trimming and edging . The second time I used it the metal trim line feeder hole on the side of the spinner housing immediately broke off . Upon closer inspection , the amount of plastic surrounding metal hole is very narrow and weak . It is easily broken off and not repairable . I have noticed that this defect and problem has already been noted in other one star reviews . This appears to be a major design flaw which should have been corrected by Toro . As a result of the missing metal trim line hole , the line does not feed and breaks off which causes the line to bind up in the spool . I spent more time manually taking the spinner cap off and on to pull out the line than I did trimming the lawn . Just getting the cap off took super human strength at times . I will not rehash what others have said in their reviews . Buy it if you feel lucky and have money to waste . I will not buy another one .
 Just received this today via UPS . The box was bent and the handle inside was broken in half . Very poorly packaged by Toro and Target.com .
 I , too , had the problem described by another reviewer . The doughnut hole where the line feeds through the spinner assembly breaks off . I tried to glue it back together but without success . No replacement part available . Had B&D model previously but that was real junk . They recalled that model but not until I junked it after four failures including seizing up . I only use trimmer around the edge of a small area once per week . Does n't anyone know how to make an electric cord type unit ?
 I 've had two of these trimmers , and the same thing happened to both after fairly short periods of use . . less than an hour . The plastic hole where the line feeds through broke off . I would NEVER recommend one of these to anyone .
 Great price for this weed trimmer but the blade that cuts the line to the right length was missing . My husband needed a new trimmer to replace our one that died . He removed the blade off the dead trimmer and modified it to fit this trimmer . It now cuts the line shorter because the part is a bit different and now it 's a 14 inch trimmer instead of 15 inch . This is a better result than having to wait longer to ship it back or get the missing part . My lawn was already too long . I would assume it 's a refurbished / or returned item to begin with . The trimmer works very good otherwise .
 I have a very small yard and have been using a small/basic gas trimmer for approx . 8 years . The gas trimmer was giving me trouble so I decided to try an electric trimmer . This trimmer is not adequate at all . It seems to have enough power but the line is very thin and gets chopped off after the slightest use . The line extension mechanism -LRB- with the tap -RRB- does not work . I used this product only once and decided to return as it was very frustrating to use . Just does n't do the job even for a light duty small yard .
 Minus 5 stars ! Maybe all weed whackers whack-it , but this one requires un-screwing the cover for the cord , roll out more string , and then screwing the cover back on - all just to advance the string . And this is necessary EVERY TIME the string gets too short to do anything . Does anybody know any really good electric weed whackers ?
 I bought this Toro in 2007 ; to date I have been able to use it maybe 10 times . I do not have the strength to unscrew the spool cap to add new string or just to loosen what is bound up on the spool . I have to carry it over to my neighbor and he uses a pair of big pliers to hold the spool so he can unscrew the cap . What a nuisance this thing is . I have bothered my neighbor so much I am embarrassed . The cap that slipped into the slot on both sides was easy to unlatch and replace . If you do not much strength in your arm/hands `` DO NOT '' buy this product.You might wonder why I did n't complain earlier ; I thought with regular use the cap would become easier to loosen , alas not so ; if anything it is worse than it was when new . So , for two full summers I have relied on my little 13 inch that I paid $ 30 for probably 8 years ago . I have a very large yard and it takes me quite awhile but I eventually get it done . Your company used to make superior products ; not anymore . What a disappointment .
 We have had this product for less than a year and have had nothing but trouble with it . At this point , we have spent about half as much on replacement parts as we did on the original product.Be aware when changing out the spool , or even messing with the line , there is an eyelet the line must thread through that is not a permanent part . If you are not careful this eyelet will disappear before you know it and basically renders this trimmer useless , which means all the money you spent on replacement parts is now all-for-not . I highly recommend you steer clear of this product.PS-We bought a new and different brand of trimmer today so I have some used TORO replacement parts if anyone wants them . You 're gon na need 'em ... lol .
 My experience has been that Toro products are well made and dependable , but this trimmer turned out to be a flimsy Homelite trimmer in drag , according to my authorized Toro repair shop -LRB- they were having no luck getting replacement parts from Homelite -RRB- . After a year , my trimmer needed a new part -LRB- the plastic cup around the cord with a guide hole in it -RRB- ; they wanted to charge me $ 38 for it , plus $ 25 labor ! That 's more than the trimmer costs and such a ripoff that I wo n't buy another Toro , period -LRB- needless to say , I passed on the repair -RRB- .
 I purchased this last fall . I used this for about 3 weeks before the plastic shaft cracked , I was able to repair the crack temporarily but it never felt solid after that . This spring it broke for good , pushed it to hard and it ceased up after getting too hot . I am sticking with gas , they are just more solid .
 I needed a stubby wrench set because my kitchen faucet kept getting loose and the wrenches in my tool collection were all too large to work with underneath the kitchen sink . I did a quick search on Amazon and this set seemed reasonably priced for a 10-piece combination set and even came with a roll bag . I would have preferred the Craftsman set , but I could n't justify the $ 65 so I took the plunge on a brand I 'd never heard of . Have you heard of Sunex ? If not , you might want to take note , because I 'd avoid them if possible.The roll bag is a nice nylon bag and keeps all the wrenches neatly organized and in place . It uses a long velcro tie to keep the bag securely closed . The combo wrenches are a convenient size for working in tight spaces and appear to be machined well . I was able to complete my job under the kitchen sink without much of a fuss . Unfortunately , when I was inspecting them later to write this review , I painfully found out that Sunex may want to review their manufacturing process.Not all , but a few of the wrenches near the box end had exposed jagged metal . It 's as if someone took a saw and tried to cut a piece of it . I snagged my thumb on it and it hurt like heck . As soon as I realized that it was more than one of the pieces that had this flaw , I packed it back up to send back to Amazon.It 's possible I got a bad batch of wrenches , but I 'm not willing to give them another try . I 'll try another inexpensive brand first , but if those have similar issues , I may have to bite the bullet and go with the tried and true Craftsman .
 Looks great , sharp as a blade should be . Ca n't use right now , nerve damage . . in hand.Fits saw as it should .
 Custumer service from Amazon is great . As soon as we opened the box , we found the blade packaging was scotched taped on all sides and blade teeth had saw dust all over them.Amazon send a replacement that arrived today.If we had sent the old blade back , we would have thought we had received the same exact blade . The second package arrived scotched taped on all sides and had saw dust embedded in between the blades.This was very dissapointing . I have never purchased anything from Amazon in this condition.I am giving it 2 stars because of the condition the item arrived in and because the post requires a rating in order to post . I ca n't possibly rate the blade based on OUR use . I am guessing it is a 1 for the people who returned it.We kept the blade and it works well.However , the product is sold as new , not used . -LRB- the price is for new , not used -RRB- I was asked to rate the product and if I got a used product , consumers have a right to know about it . It would not be a complete review and it would be misleading to potential buyers .
 I 'll start by saying that I did n't buy this blade willingly . I was working on an oak project -LRB- 4/4 -RRB- and wound up chipping the teeth on my Freud LU87R010 -LRB- also a 10 '' x 24T ATB thin kerf -RRB- when I hit a staple . I needed a replacement right away and this blade was the closest thing I could find locally . I figured it was a Freud , in roughly the same price range , so it had to be 1/2 way decent - at least to get me through until I could order another LU87 . Boy , was I wrong!I brought the blade home and swapped it out , cleaning the arbor face and ensuring that the blade surface was clean . Instead of picking up where I left off , I decided to rip a test piece . When I looked at the cut , I figured there had to be something on the arbor or blade that I missed - the blade was wobbling terribly and left horrible saw marks down the entire face . The saw marks were so bad that I had to remove 1/16 '' + on my jointer before I could get rid of them . I removed it , inspected it -LRB- did n't see anything obvious -RRB- , cleaned it again , remounted it and ran another test piece . Same thing . I remounted the chipped LU87 and it produced a very clean edge . Although it takes more effort to push through and the crosscut produces more breakout due to the chipped teeth , it 's still better than the Diable D1024x.Most of my tools , from my 12 '' miter saw to table saw to router , are outfitted with Freud blades because I 've found they produce a superior product with superior results . Anyone that asks , I will confidently tell them to spend the extra money on a Freud product because you get what you pay for . This blade is definately the exception and it is the first time that I have been disappointed in the quality of a Freud product . I really think Freud is doing themselves a diservice by putting their name on this , as I do n't think it 's adequate for ripping 2x4 's - especially when you can spend another $ 5 and buy the LU87 - a much better product .
 just too many teeth on this blade . it just robs alot of power from a cordless saw . i have used freud blades on all my saws,-miter , tablesaw etc and loved the performance of those , unfortunately not this one .
 If I wanted an 8 '' diameter blade , that 's what I 'd order . I wanted an 8 1/4 '' blade , hence I ordered this . Instead , I get an 8 '' blade . It does n't look like the picture shown , what they ship is clearly marked on the blade as being an 8 to 8 1/4 '' , which I guess means it is an 8 '' blade that can also be used in an 8 1/4 '' circular saw . They did n't ship the wrong item , it is clearly marked as being the Freud D0840X Diablo , the listing is at best misleading and clearly inaccurate . But dang it , I really wanted an actual 8 1/4 '' blade which this listing leads one to believe that is what you get with this Freud D0840X . This listing needs to be updated and needs to use a current picture that actually matches what is being shipped -LRB- and showing the 8 '' to 8 1/4 '' print on blade -RRB- ... THIS IS AN EIGHT INCH DIAMETER BLADE , PERIOD ... and should be correctly listed as such!Edit
 As a long time Freud customer I was very disapointed in this blade . The blade cups or dishes when it gets warm making it impossible to make a straight cut without burning . I suspect they have made it too thin . Since the Saw Boss has plenty of power for a wider kerf blade and framing lumber is not all that precious , nothing is gained by the extra thin blade and much has been lost . Do n't waste your money on this one . I plan to try the more expensive Freud Avanti blade next time .
 I ordered two of these with different teeth as I thought they were to fit a 6 '' Porter Cable saw . They do not.The arbor is too small ?
 I GENERALLY USE THESE BLADES FOR INITIAL CUT IN SHEET GOODS . WHILE THE CUT SPEED IS OK THERE IS A LOT OF SPLINTERING ON THIS PARTICULAR BLADE . WITH A PREVIOUS BLADE I USUALLY HAD TO FINISH TRIM LESS THAN 1/4 INCH . WITH THESE IT IS SOMETIMES UP TO 3/4 INCH . THAT MAKES A DIFFERENCE ON HOW MUCH YOU CAN GET OUT OF SHEET .
 I use my Makita cordless saw alot and have purchased many of these saw blades.I have no problem with the blade itself.The last time I purchased this blade it was under $ 10 . Come on , a 50 % increase in a few months.I will buy this blade elsewhere from now on.Thanks Amazon .
 I bought this set really only for the 10mm socket . It did not fit the transmission bolts I needed to remove , since it was manufactured incorrectly . The splines of the triple square profile were not uniformly ground . I looked at the other sizes and saw similar problems on them . Clearly , the slave child in China who made this tool did not get proper nourishment that day/week . Amazon return process was trouble-free , but GearWrench quality control is non-existent . Stay away from any tool with GearWrench name .
 This product did n't work at all . I only bought it for the second largest 12 point and it was n't even the right size . It was too large to work . Horrible experience . Make sure you purchase another 12 point set if you need it to work . The long black straight bits from Lisle worked great .
 I bought these to remove bolts on my Vw . None of them are the correct size . The quality control on these is non-existent . Avoid these like the plague .
 I brought this Diablo 10 '' saw blade based on my own experience with another of their blades , the claims they made on the product package , and the recommendations of other Amazon buyers . I could not have had a more disappointing , frustrating , and angering experience.After less than a dozen cuts -LRB- using a table saw -RRB- the blade began to gouge out chunks of wood -LRB- in sharp contrast to the `` smooth and effortless cuts '' and `` cuts like a knife through butter '' claims by Freud/Diablo -RRB- . Close examination of the blade indicates many of the carbide cutting teeth are already chipped . This , after only cutting inch pine molding . This piece of junk is going back to Freud with a few choice comments from me on the quality of their product . -LRB- I do not blame Amazon for the problems . They delivered on time and at least cost . -RRB- Freud/Diablo offers a lifetime guarantee . We 'll see if they deliver . I do n't really want a replacement , however . They do n't seem to realize that the poor quality of this product cost me the ruined material , the time to replace the blade with another brand , the lost time on the job , and sending back the blade.No , I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I just recently started running the Freud Steel Demon in my DeWalt multicutter . They do a remarkably good job of cutting steel when they are sharp . Unfortunately the blades dull relatively quickly -LRB- in about the time I would use up 3-4 cheapo abrasive blades ... . minimal down pressure is the key to making them last -RRB- . I wanted to make sure if there were any special requirements regarding sharpening so I contacted Freud Web Tech.Imagine my surprise when I was informed that Freud specifically states that they are NOT to be resharpened . When I responded to Freud that this was n't a good investment on my part -LRB- cost per cut just went through the roof -RRB- I was asked where I got the blade.I was told that Freud does not sell these blades in the U.S. but rather that `` a couple hundred '' were donated to Habitat for Humanity , and it was suggested to me that they had been `` lifted '' from Habitats warehouse.There are a number of sales outlets for these blades -LRB- Amazon , Ebay , specialty houses -RRB- I am just a one man shop and I bought 6 of them . Does this mean that I now own nearly 3 % of the entire supply of 14 '' Steel Demons?If Freud was so unhappy with these blades that they would not sell them here , why give them to a bunch of amateurs trying to do good at Habitat ? Especially with the potential for serious injury in relatively unskilled hands.The blades are about equal to the Dewalt blades in durability for the initial service life , but if they really ca n't be re-sharpened , they become throw aways . At $ 100.00 plus per blade for a throw away , I guess I will have to stick with DeWalt.The blade gets a 2 only because of the resharpening issue.Freud gets a zero for this whole incident .
 I bought this blade for my 14 &#34; saw . They original blade that came with the saw lasted well over 1000 cuts . this one lasted about 200 cuts and quit cutting . Freud did warranty it and sent me a new blade . I keep it as a back up blade . I wouldnt reccomend it . Definitly not the quality of their wood products .
 I bought this blade to cut holes in two metal doors for glass inserts . The first door went quick and easy . The second door was a different story . As soon as I started I could tell a difference in the cutting ability . The saw started to have trouble cutting , and I just did get the second door cut . The blade is totally useless after these two cut . If you need to do a small job then this saw is what you need but not very cost effective . From the other reviews I expected to get a lot better service but was disappointed .
 I had high expectations when buying this blade . I bought it to install hardwood flooring and needed perfectly straight cross-cuts . I used this blade on a new Ridgid 12 inch compound miter saw.This blade cuts a scallop upon entering the wood for about a 1/8 of an inch then it cuts straight for the rest of the cut . The result is that when the wood is lined up against something straight there is a definite concave line in the middle where the wood should be touching the flat surface but is n't . It 's maybe a 1/32 gap but a gap is a gap and when paying $ 60 for a high quality saw blade there should n't be any gaps.I triple checked my miter saw alignment and even completely removed the fence and reinstalled it to ensure that it was on proper and square . It was . I checked the blade against a square and found it to be flat . I tried changing the speed of my cuts . Cutting very slowly made the cuts worse , leaving ridges throughout the cut . Cutting faster did n't make a difference.I took this diablo blade off and put on the OEM Ridgid 60 tooth blade that came with the saw , checked for square and made a few cuts . The result
 I bought this blade with somewhat high expectations . I figured the cut would n't be as smooth as the Freud LU85 , which is twice the price , but had to be smoother than the stock 40 tooth blade that came with my bosch 4212L , which it was . One small problem - the blade did not make a straight cut . Every cut I made had a scallop at the entry point of the blade into the material . The blade was straight when checked against a straight edge so the edge must oscillate as it spins . A check with the stock blade and a new Dewalt woodworking blade confirmed that the saw cuts perfectly straight . I definitely wo n't buy another diablo blade . I would give 5 stars to Amazon for their return policy - they took it back with no issue .
 I was hesitant after reading some other reviews regarding blade deflection and reports of not cutting straight.However , I have been very happy with my other Diablo blades , and decided to give this blade a try for my 12 '' DeWalt saw.The blade is thinner than my others , so the kerf is smaller . I put in some scrap lumber and tried to produce the problems the other reviewers noted . I found with hard woods and thicker stock , if you push too hard when the blade enters the wood , it will deflect and produce the concave scallop just as the others described . However , if you allow the teeth to cut with less hand pressure , this blade cuts perfectly straight.So - keep in mind this is a thinner blade , and will deflect a little if you push too hard . Let the saw do the work.UPDATE
 I have had a very hard time with this blade . The first one I bought would be off by about 1/8 of an inch on a 5 inch tall board when cutting a 45 degree miter . I took this blade back to Home Depot and they exchanged it for a new one , -LRB- points to Home Depot -RRB- . The replacement blade cut straight , wonderful ! This blade however has gone very dull very quickly . I did cut some hardwood flooring that seems to be the issue , but it should n't be . I have several other Freud products that are all great , including a table saw blade . I can only think that this blade is made at a different factory or with different materials etc. .
 Using this saw on my 12 '' Delta twin Laser for my rehab business , I have been dissapointed by it 's tendancy to burn and/or its durability . While it is certainly possible that I or one of my crew cut something we should n't have this blade has n't lasted as long as the two previous blades on my saw . Now when I try and cut anything wider than a 2x4 I get smoke , and If I am using the full crosscut capability we get so much that I need to open the windows.As I ususally do n't need a real fine cut , next time I will get something more durable and with fewer teeth .
 I have had this remote for less than a year , WE.ve used it less than twice a month and it stopped working . Changed the battery to see if that was the problem which it wasn ; t. Would not recomend this item .
 i have emailed the people that I purchased the key pad from to try to return it because it is the wrong one , not their mistake it was my mistake & i got no response
 I bought these product 3 days ago for my Chamberlain Liftmaster garage opener , it arrive fast that 's good . As soon as arrived , I opened right away and tried to program it . I followed the instruction and unfurtunately this keypad do nothing ... I am disappointed . I will request for refund right now ... !!
 Not what I expected . Too hard to use on the wheels of my piano . Will damage the wood floor for sure .
 I bought this product for 35 $ more than the other options at amazon because the product description carried a range of temperatures of -40 to 700F . This is a mistake . The range on the packaging states clearly -30 to 500F . I guess I can make due but I would have bought the more inexpensive option had I known . Argg !!
 I thought with a name like `` fluke '' known for their quality electrical testers and with all the glowing reviews , this would be a great infrared thermometer tester . Well I came to find out it 's made in China , which I can deal with as long as it 's quality -LRB- which usually it 's not -RRB- I tested it on numerous surfaces , it had a range of 75 degrees to 95 degrees for most things . Snow was 89 degrees , boiling water was 92 degrees . I can deal with a few degrees off but this was unexceptable . I returned this item
 in the product specification it write that wide temperature range from -40 C to 760C -LRB- -40 F to 1400 F -RRB- and in the fluke spefification that is in the product it writes that the range is -30 to 500 degree celcius .
 I purchased one of these and entered a room that was 34 degrees Left the fluke 62 in there for a couple hours while I was in there . Four separate thermometers in various locations all read 36 and the flue checks the same area 's at between 22 and 28 . I haul produce and I I had relied on this it could possible cost me several hundred or thousand dollars in damages . 34 is cold , 28 is froze . This variance is unacceptable . When I showed the person running the warehouse he laughed at me and offered me a look in a drawer . He pulled it open and there was 5 of the same exact things . He told me they are a joke and that I wasted my money . It may be great at 500 degrees but at or near freezing it 's useless .
 An easy to hold Chinese designed infrared laser therometer , with both spot and scan functions , and a steady beam . A nice hand held unit , although x2 overpriced.Accuracy is unpredictable , and usually 1 to 1.5 degrees F. lower than a mercury minimum-maximum therometer.Easy to replace through such U.S. distributors as Fluke .
 If you are looking for an easy to use infrared thermometer , I guess this is a decent choice . The only problem I have with it and its a mighty big one , considering its main function is to measure temperature , is that this device is inacurate . You will get different readings of the same surface , and when measuring warm surfaces the readings jump all over the place . Overall , a very sleek looking and dissapointing device .
 the Fluke 62 is a very ergonomic and simple tool to use . It provides accurate and fast temperature readings in fahrenheit and celsius in a range which is probably adequate for 99 % of users.My Fluke has a sticky trigger and hence the laser stays on even when you remove your finger from the trigger . It takes a fair bit of unnatural manipulating to get it to turn off which makes using it annoying . I tried dabbling a drop of teflon oil where the plastic trigger meets the electronic switch but this did not make much of an improvement.In theory this should go back to the manufacturer as a defect - but I have not yet done this . I will see how responsive the customer service is .
 I bought the Fluke because it advertised a `` best in class accuracy of 1 % of reading '' , so I was expecting for example + / -0.75 deg F of accuracy at a 75 deg F reading . The documentation that comes with it spells out the actual details of 1 % or 2 deg F , whichever is greater , so the accuracy is really no better than other brands that were less expensive . I was duped by the false claims , and paid double over other brands that would have been just as good . I 'll probably keep it just because it is not worth the hassle of returning it and getting another one .
 The mount method for the plastic lens that covers the fixture and bulbs is primitive . I could not remove it without breaking it . The supplier got me a replacement lens quickly , but it will probably break the next time I have to replace a bulb .
 For the price , relative to other -LRB- non-name-brand -RRB- air gaps , I would expect better quality . The plastic body of the air gap is too thin , and when you try to tighten it to the sink , the body bends and the threads slip . In whole , not worth the price .
 This is VERY thin , cheap item . The plastic is breaks almost with your hand touch . Its not worth $ 16 .
 Has a White ring where the Nut meets top of sink/counter and the stainless steel does not cover at the sink looks like crap . I did not use . I Just strapped the hose to the bottem of the counter and it does the same thing and looks better to .
 The mounting nut stripped while tightening it by hand . Do n't even think about putting a wrench to it . This product has the same flimsy plastic mounting as a $ 6.00 air gap I saw at Lowe 's . I thought it being Delta and costing $ 22 that it would be of sturdy construction , but it is not . The price has dropped significantly since I bought it just weeks ago , but is is still overpriced in my opinion . The satin finish stainless cover matches my Delta faucet nicely , but the white ring at the base is annoying . Overall I am very disappointed with this product .
 Bought this to match new faucets and found it to be junk - The nut slips on the threads to the point it can not be tightened sufficiently to eliminate being able to move it by hand . The old air gap did not do this . I tried to simply replace the old cap with the one with this product , but this one has a smaller diameter , so it would not fit.Water also flows out of it when the dishwasher is draining , which the old one did not - using the same hoses indicating a cheap , poor design .
 PAID BIG MONEY AND ORDERED FROM DELTA SUPPLIER AND IN HOPES OF GETTING A BETTER UNIT THAN AT THE BOX STORES . SAME THIN HOUSING FROM PLASTIC AND THE THREADS STRIPPED JUST THE SAME IN INSTALLATION ON A RUBBER HOSE . GOTTYAFORSURE AGAIN FROM CHINA ?????????? CHEAP JUNK !!!!!!!!!!!! IN MY NEW $ 10,000.00 KITCHEN REMODEL.RON FROM TEXAS
 After using the 5 mm wrench a few times it pulled apart . The ball allen stayed in the bolt and the socket end stayed on my wrench . Really sad for high priced tools .
 The ratchet mechanism that holds the pliers -LRB- once you pinch a hose -RRB- wo n't holdthem shut . The pliers pop open with minimal pressures/movement . Could be fixed by filing the notches in the ratchet , but I have n't tried that yet.Disappointed -- I expected better quality out of OTC .
 To start with , I am not happy that Amazon failed to mention the fact that these are OTC Stinger brand not actual OTC . These are cheap pliers not worthy of the OTC name . I would look at other options .
 I ordered 6 of these sockets for a 2 lamp project . Each lamp uses 3 sockets . I could not get the lamps to work properly , some of the sockets worked and others did not . I went crazy moving them around and trying to figure it out . finally , I went to an electrician who determined that 3 of these pieces of garbage were faulty . I bought 3 more sockets and sure enough all 3 sockets on both lamps work . I contacted the seller . My amazon account said that a return was still available . I contacted the seller , they told me to GO POUND SAND.who sells faulty sockets ? AND THEN REFUSES to replace them ! outrageous ! I am out the money for the sockets , the electrician , new sockets , shipping and tax on garbage . I can not believe this type of BS still goes on in this day and age.Do not buy from these people . you may end up in a similar situation and they certainly do not deserve any regular business from anyone .
 I purchased this item with high hopes of being able to open jars e.g. pickles , mayo even without my husband around . It does not help at all . It is hard to get it tightly around the lid and even if you manage to do so , it rarely enables me to open wide mouth jars.Save your money .
 if you intend on using a osborn log brush buy two grinders if you are going to brush whole house . I am like 90 % done and my grinder just smoked and stopped working . WTF now i got ta send it in to makita . looks like i need to waste more money on another one and get overnight shipping to get it here .
 I 've owned one for over a year now , so the excitement has worn off.The head is always loosening up , who wants to waste their time tightening the head down.The rubber handle wore out.I 've been framing for over 30 years and I ` vetried them all . I 've never wore out the rubber handle grip on other hammers.After contacting Stiletto they wanted $ 50 to regrip the handle.Money isbetter spent on the Stiletto 14 oz Titanium with the wood handle .
 Bought this because I liked the weight and driving power of the wood handle stiletto but do a lot of remodel and repair work so I wanted the metal handle for nail pulling so the head would n't loosen . I was hoping that like the wood handle version that the light weight would be more forgiving on the elbow , but there 's nothing light about this . I 'm not sure where the 15oz comes from but this thing was not a bit different than my 24 oz framer . Thought it might just be me so I had several guys on my job check it out and see what they thought , every one of them thought it looked cool but was as heavy as a regular 24 and with the longer handle actually required more effort to swing unless you choked up half way on it . The odd handle also does not cooperate that well with a metal `` D '' holster on a tool belt.It 's a cool hammer , but unless you just want to brag about you cool $ 200 hammer save your money , spend $ 100 on the wood handle one for a light swing and good drive , spend 30 on a conventional framer for demo and remodel jobs where you 're going to be pulling a lot of nails or prying with it , and put $ 70 back in your pocket .
 1 . The price you pay for this hammer is based on advertising hype . I would have saved the high price of this hammer if someone would have had the ballz to write the truth about this Tibone .2 . This hammer is bulky and not balanced well . This hammer does not do a damn thing to make your elbow hurt any less or more . Again , advertising hype .3 . The rubber around the handle , and the bump-out at the handle bottom , make this hammer a real pain in the neck to get in and out of your hammer loop .4 . The hammer head may weigh in at 15oz , but the total weight of this Tibone weighs in at 31.1 oz . Maybe that 's the real reason it has the `` driving force '' of a 24oz hammer . Besides , who made-up that phony business about `` driving force '' anyhow ? Someone that works for Stiletto no doubt .5 . The replaceable faces are a joke ! So what if you can change them out . What , you have time to constantly check to see if the bolt is secured that holds it together ? I do n't . Besides , you want to keep on forking out another 40 bucks plus shipping for them ? Not me .6 . Do n't be a sucker like I was for paying the outrageous price for this hammer ! Do n't believe the Stiletto Tibone advertising hype.There 's nothing `` primo '' about this hammer at all ! Except the price .
 I got this hammer as a gift , I would never spend $ 250.00 on a hammer . Everyday I have to tighten the bolt to make sure the face does n't come off . When I pry wood apart I use two hammers , I was hitting head to head with the stilleto and a $ 30 vaughn hammer and the stilleto head blew apart , So I went to the tool store to get a replacement head and it was $ 40.00 . So I walked out and the next day at the job site I threw the hammer in the dumpster .
 I recently had the opportunity to try a Stiletto hammer purchased by a co-worker . While I am glad that struggling defense contractors have found a broader market for their waresit does not drive nails for poor carpenters nor do I think it drives them four times as well as a good quality framing hammer . Buy this item if you have some serious compensating to do . You can carry it in your 1 ton , 4 wheel , stretch cab , diesel pick up .
 It appears there is a major disconnect between engineering , marketing , and production at Stanley . This is advertised to have , `` Automatic hold-open feature '' and `` Controlled latching power . '' Neither of these features exist on this Item Number device . Their stock photos do not resemble the product sold at all . It may work well as a standard closure , but do not expect the specially advertised features .
 the rod is too soft and thin . I need this to support cable wire and hang the shower curtain at a L-shaped , but the rod is too soft and actually gets bend in by the tension .
 The main complaint is the product is more plastic than stainless . Looks nice in my new sink but light weight plastic concerns me over the long haul . For the price product should be more substantial .
 The Gilmour Full Flow Poly Connector can be a good product with a large opening which does not restrict the flow of water . This being said , I have purchased a number of these in different configurations . The problem is the mating surface of the male end is not always molded properly leaving an irregular surface which will not seal against the hose washer which is inside the mating female connection . My experience is you have a 1 in 3 chance of having an end which does not properly seal . Disappointing as it could be a decent product if they only focused on quality control .
 I bought one of these 2-3 years ago , it 's been attached to an outside hose year-round on the shady side of the house . I suspect that expansion/contraction cycles due to changes in temperature -LRB- Virginia
 I 've had my Streamlight for the past 15 years . I do n't know what the issue is with their switches but I 've had to replace 4 of them . The current switch needing replacement has been in the light for just about a year . It frequently sticks in the open position requiring me to fidget with it for a few minutes before finally getting it to turn off . Very frustrating ! In addition to this flashlight I also own a MagCharger . I 've owned this light for about the same number of years as the Streamlight . The only part I 've had to replace on the MagCharger is the lightbulb . A far more reliable product in my opinion.This will be the last switch I replace on the Streamlight . If this switch fails it will be time to ditch this light and purchase a second MagCharger .
 We are all familiar with these glass cartridge fuses.We all need at least 2 pieces of information
 I just bought a pair of these and will be returning them because of a two millimeter misalignment at the ends of these pliers where the tips go . Two millimeters does n't sound like much , but when you consider this tool is supposed to grab retaining rings as small as 1/4 '' , you realize these things are useless . Cheap pop rivets used for the hinge and handles add to the rickety cheapness of this product . The package says `` Made in USA '' . What a sham -LRB- e -RRB- . I exchanged them for the more expensive -LRB- by $ 10 -RRB- but more solidly constructed KD 3151 Medium Convertible Replaceable Tip Retaining Ring Pliers . While not perfectly machined -LRB- these ai n't Snap-On or Mac -RRB- , I was able to remove the small 1/4 '' external snap ring that I needed to .
 I do n't get this product.Was looking for it to create that promised shine.Instead , what I got was an oily greasy surface.Has to use other cleaners to take it off and get back the shine .
 I bought five of these and of these only two are in operation . 3 of them simply do n't work with the same lamp as the other 2 that do n't work -LRB- failing a ` known-good ' test -RRB- . If you look at the metal leads they are exposed and look like they were assembled by a 2nd grader . I 've only written a couple of reviews on Amazon over the year but I really feel cheated here :-LRB- I 'm too lazy to find the boxes and send them back as they were so cheap .
 I bought 2 of these and they worked perfectly until the light bulb burned out . When the bulb blew so did the dimmer connected to the lamp . Twice.I learned my lesson and replaced them with a different brand of dimmer that is twice the cost of these , but if they last through more than one light bulb it 'll be worth it .
 I think i need to get a rough service bulb -LRB- has a heavy duty filament -RRB- , because i read when the filament blows out on the bulb it burns out the transformer . I like the product , but is there any way i can get some kind of credit towards another one and i will get the rough service bulb ! If it happens again than I guess i wont be buying another one . I can get a 100watt rough service bulb at any auto parts store , because they are mainly used it the automotive repair industry . I use to be a automotive mechanic when i was younger . If i cant get any credit than send it anyway and i will get that bulb and give it a try . If it works good i will let you know and you may want to recommend rough service bulbs with these dimmer products . Respectfully , Gary Territo
 I HAD THE DIMMER FOR TWO WEEKS AND IT STARTED TO FLICKER . I JUST SENT IT BACK TO THE MANUFACTURER AND HOPE THAT THEY REPLACE IT . THEY CLAIM IT HAS A FIVE YEAR WARRANTY .
 Tried two units to replace the same one that worked for about a year . Neither one worked . No , it 's not because I did n't hook it up correctly , they were definitely defective !
 This is a waste of money -- it will * fail and entirely too soon . I have replaced both units I had -LRB- both failed -RRB- with a sliding Lutron dimmer : Lutron TT-300NLH-BL Credenza Lamp Dimmer Black -- of which I have had 6 for many years -- none of them have failed on me yet .
 Electrically , the product is as advertised . However , we noticed that the pad has left an indelible mark on the cream colored cabinet . Not pleased .
 I bought an under-cabinet lighting set from Lowe 's that included this 6043 series dimmer . It only lasted about 9 months . Typical made-in-China ; cheap but poor quality !
 This product is convenient -LRB- especially if you 're short and ca n't quite reach the switch on a tall lamp -RRB- , until it breaks ! The first one I ordered lasted about 9 months until it just shorted out . I got a second one which lasted about a month , and again , it just shorted out . Part of it has to do with static electricity generated in the winter time in my house , so when I go to touch it , I shock it , thus making it short out . Luckily the price is reasonable , so I 'm not out a ton of money . I will NOT be buying a third and will either buy shorter lamps or learn to stretch if I need to turn on my lamp . You 're better off getting an actual touch lamp instead of this quick fix .
 We 've been through two of these . They 're wonderful ... until ... The first one broke when we screwed in a new light bulb while it was plugged in and turned on . That might be put down to `` doing something dumb '' - perhaps it would have been best to turn the light off first.The second one broke when a bulb burned out while it was running!I am looking for the company that makes it , and intending to complain . I would really like to have one of these - IFF it could be persuaded to continue to work . I 'd hate to think I have to use a surge-protector on an ordinary floor lamp !
 Two people I know use these all the time , but I 've gone through two that did n't last more than a couple months . The problem seems to occur when the bulb burns out . I had mine hooked up to a desk lamp and both times these things have crapped out , it 's been right after the bulb burned out . : / I guess all I can say is it MIGHT work for you .
 This is a great little dimmer while it works . I 'm getting about a year out of them until they burn out . I 'm ordering my third now , and will buy several in anticipation of the next malfunction .
 We love them ... except after 1 month , static electricty from putting on my robe shocked it , and it no longer works . Other reviewers are saying the same ... so if you are going to buy it ... buy a bunch cuz you 'll need 'em .
 I tried a brand called Touch & Glow which is pretty much the same thing , only it 's rated at 400 Watts , so it should be even more resilient . You 're lucky if they last six months . They do n't even outlast the 100 Watt bulb . This is a chronic problem with all these touch dimmers , no matter what the configuration -LRB- screw in , plug , pad -RRB- . I have the same problem with battery powered garden lights . If they last a year , you 're lucky . It gets to be rather expensive .
 I ca n't believe it ! This is an iconic American hard hat ... . Fail , cheap China made knock off lol for 65 bucks come on .
 I bought this to help keep my family 's skis organized . This is actually something that is better suited to holding up a couple of brooms . I guess this could hold up two or so pairs of cross country skis , but certainly not downhill skis . It is way too light weight and narrow . I gave it two stars , because I think it will be useful in holding brooms .
 I received my order yesterday and was shocked by the lack of quality and craftmanship . These torches online looked beautiful and substantial but in fact are cheap and poorly made . I ordered mine through Target.com and now I have to pay shipping on top of it to return them ? These torches when ordering 3 , averaged $ 21.66 each and with shipping , $ 26.33 each . I would not pay more than $ 2 per torch . I urge you not to purchase this item !
 I received my order yesterday and was shocked by the lack of quality and craftmanship . These torches online looked beautiful and substantial but in fact are cheap and poorly made . I ordered mine through Target.com and now I have to pay shipping on top of it to return them ? These torches when ordering 3 , averaged $ 21.66 each and with shipping , $ 26.33 each . I would not pay more than $ 2 per torch . I urge you not to purchase this item !
 I am not an Engineer , but this unit appears to have two major problems . First , to collect fine dust from room air , it seems the less turbulence in the air the more efficient the unit . The air should flow directly from the dust source to the fiter . The discharge from this unit when at high speed , can be felt 20-25 feet away . This creates tremendous air turbulence and reduces its ability to suck dust-filled air from all parts of the room . The discharge air from the unit should have been better distributed back into the room . I added a plastic sheet deflector to redirect the air 90 degrees to each side and 90 degrees the ceiling rafters , and it works better.Secondly , the remote control sensor for the air filter is mounted on the discharge end of the unit . Think about it . If you mount the filter at the end of your workshop to suck the air all in one direction , you would then want the intake to be facing the center of the workshop . If you do that , you will then have to walk to the other end of the unit in order to use the remote control . I think the sensor is infra-red , and it must be aimed exactly at the target . This is backward . It should be mounted on the intake side.The unit is relativly quiet , and it does remove a considerable amount of dust from the air .
 Product came damaged 3 times from poor packing , & mis-handled in shipping . Finally got refund .
 As another reviewer here has noted , this light is worthless for diving applications . In spite of being advertised as waterproof and sold in dive shops , mine flooded at a mere 40 feet of depth . Furthermore , the salt water corroded the light 's circuitry , rendering it worthless.If you can keep yours dry , you 'll likely have better experiences than I did , but this item should not be marketed as waterproof .
 It says on Princeton Tech website these are waterproof up to 300ft/100m . I ordered 2 of these , both were flooded on the first dive at approx 100ft/30m . These are not diving lights , do n't waste your money if you need a backup diving light !
 Love the size and appearance of the box . But the metal is way too thin , and there are no structural creases in the body of the box to help reinforce it . Even when there is just a light dusting of snow , the light snow thrown at the box by the snow plows deforms the box enough so that the door pops open , resulting in wet , slush-covered mail . I have to bend the box back by hand -LRB- which is way too easy to do -RRB- to get the door to close . I come home most days to find my mailbox open , full of snow , and my mail wet . The previous similar box it replaced -LRB- vandalized -RRB- did not have this problem . The box would probably be ok in a non-snow region.The mailbox arrives slightly damaged in its cardboard box -- the door handle is riveted on , and in any shipping -LRB- I bought mine at a hardware store -RRB- , it gets squashed flat against the door as there is nothing in the package to protect it.I am replacing the box with something else .
 Rarely do I end up buying junk with all the researching I do prior to making a purchase , but this time I got duked . This thing is a pile of junk . The latching mechanism is a joke , there is no mechanism . The door is just a bit bigger than the housing , so the door overlaps the housing and that 's the seal . If there 's any kind of warping or anything , it 's not going to close properly . I can generally get anything like this to work properly but this thing is just a pile of junk . For the price compared to $ 100 mailboxes I guess most people will find it sufficient , but if you insist on quality , this is not the mailbox for you . Actually , if you want it , buy it from me ! If you 're in the Bay Area , $ 10 and it 's yours . It has holes on the side now from where I mounted it to the side of another -LRB- larger -RRB- one .
 Unit relies on a tight fit on the door to keep it closed . It is hard to open and close . I have concerns that when it gets a little worn , it may not stay closed . My next mail box will have a spring latch .
 My daughter ordered this and did n't check the dimensions . When we got it , it was way too big ... I would like to return it , but do n't know how . Can you help ?
 I purchased this mailbox IN APRIL 2012 because it had an aluminum flag . Our last mailbox had a plastic flag that broke off in less than a year . HOWEVER ... THIS FLAG IS AFFIXED WITH A PLASTIC PART THAT BROKE LAST WEEK ! So , if you are trying to avoid failing plastic parts , this is not the mailbox for you .
 After only six months , this mailbox is coming apart at the bottom seam . A steel mailbox ought to last many years .
 I was excited to finally get my hose situation sorted out . Installed this thing and it leaks like crazy . It 's the correct size for my hose 3/4 '' . Bummed .
 The tube which is inserted into the end of the hose fit so loosely in my 3/4 '' Gilmour hose that no amount of crimping would make a leak free seal . Admittedly , the package does say `` HOT WATER '' , BUT , the back of the package states `` FOR OUTDOOR AND COLD WATER USE ONLY '' .
 I have not use the miter saw yet , but when first opened the box today , I received a broken handle due to poor packaging . No protection ! Just the cardboard from the box . Amazon was great about their customer service . Anyhow , I gave it a 1 star due to the lack of packaging protection . It probally would have made a great saw , but not this time .
 First off , I love the overall usage of the soldering station I have - the WD1001 . It came with a WD1 station with digital control on the heat , and it also came with the WMP soldering pencil.For the first few months it was great . Heated up quickly , worked fine . Then I began to notice it got harder and harder to replace tips - using new tips seemed to help for a while.But it came to a head recently where I put in a brand new tip , used it , and then waited until the unit cooled . I tried to remove the tip , and it simply would n't come out ! When I twist the tip using the extraction tool , the wire at the other end spins - clearly something is not anchored correctly inside the unit.I have tried contacting Weller about it , but conveniently their website form fails every time . I will try calling them on the phone.I am very disappointed with the service life of this very expensive pencil unit . For the cost of replacement , I could buy another ENTIRE soldering station , such as the Hakko FX888 which gets great reviews.Weller , if you 're reading -LRB- and you should be ! -RRB- , this pencil unit is not robust or sturdy and needs more R&D ; before releasing to the public . And no I have not abused it in any way ; I take pride and care of my equipment.Buyer beware ; it 'll be nice for a while and then it may just stop working on you .
 I bought and dispatched a brand new wmp pencil three years ago and now it just stopped working where the display unit shows three dashes rather than the temperature . I feel that three years is a short time especially when I compare to my old Weller soldering iron from the late seventies which still works fine -LRB- although it does not look so good -RRB- . I expected this pencil to work at least 20 years but a guess it was not meant to be . I am disappointed .
 After a long search I bought this flat 16 awg cord to replace one that was taken by a contractor doing work at my house . Basically this was the only flat one -LRB- indoor/outdoor -RRB- I could find so I bought it . Sorry I did , the 16 gauge wire is not enough to carry power to my circular saw.I miss my old flat cord !
 I 've sharpened chains with just a file for years and thought this might be helpful . Now my chains cut crooked . I will not use this product again . This is made in CHINA and marketed by OREGON . I expected more from Oregon than this . I think most any product would be better than this . If you gave this to me I still would n't use it , as it does more damage than good .
 As I was tightening the guide to the chainsaw bar , the metal housing cracked . I got far less than I paid for .
 Bad design !! Spring nut does not tighten , comes loose every stoke of the file!Other Oregon chain sharpeners in the past do n't have this problem with the angle tightening screw .
 I will pick up from the fine review by `` Master of None '' who states he is familiar only with an old Granberg model and did not have the current Granberg 106B . I do have the new Granberg 106BGranberg Bar-Mount Chain Saw Sharpener , Model # G-106Band have found it to be excellent . Before I bought the Granberg 106B I used the Oregon 23736A for about 80 filings and I have now done about 100 filings with the Granberg 106B , so I am pretty familiar with both jigs.The quick report is that I agree with other reviewers that the Oregon jig is flimsy . I will add that it is also jerky , slow , and strange . I find the Granberg 106B to be rigidly built , streamlined for speed , and with an excellent height gauge that I use to set the file height exactly . Both jigs have insufficient documentation.As I write this review , I can see both jigs , but you can see almost all of the important details in the Amazon pictures . Both jigs have the same 8 '' file , so you can judge the different scales of the photographs.The Granberg is much more rigid because it is very compact and has all-metal construction with solid , thick walls . I think you can see from the pictures that the Oregon is quite a bit taller , which naturally makes it more limber , and the frame distorts in normal use . The Granberg has fully solid sidewalls with no light-weighting . On the Oregon picture , you can see three panels of light-weighting that make this tall frame even more flimsy . The Granberg frame holds its shape when you tighten the body screw . Because the frame keeps its shape , you can easily keep the chain centered under the pivot point of the rotating frame and go side to side with no adjustment of the stop screw . With the Oregon jig , it visibly distorts with normal torque of the body srew , making it hard to match the cain location with the pivot point of the rotating filing frame . With the Oregon , I always had to adjust the stop screw when I went side-to-side leading to longer filing time because of this extra operation.Although it is painted black like the metal parts , the Oregon filing frame is made of plastic , giving it a mushy feel . This leads to less accuracy and longer filing time . On the Oregon , I could hold the cutter lengths to no better than 0.015 '' . The Granberg has an all-metal filing frame and has a crisp feel . I routinely control the lengths to three times better at about 0.005 '' -- as good as factory-ground chain . With the more rigid filing frame you get a nearly abrupt stop and fewer strokes are made with contact against the stop screw . Since most of the time your file has a full bite , you will benefit from shorter filing time.Notice that the chain clamp on the Granberg is rather short at about 1 '' while the Oregon clamp is roughly twice as long . Also -LRB- Sorry , you can not see this -RRB- , there is problem with the bottom feet of the Oregon clamps . The Oregon clamp feet are just bent metal and do not provide sufficient control to prevent the clamp from pitching forward and back and catching on the cutters as the chain is advanced . The feet of the Granberg clamps have a special design feature for precise registration . With the Granberg , I can pull the chain smoothly through the clamps for both 0.325 '' and 3/8 '' chain . In contrast , the Oregon clamps tend to hang up on the cutters when I advance the chain . This problem is especially bad with 0.325 '' chain.The red hex nut you see on the top of the Oregon frame is the height adjustment . The hex head dial is too small to achieve accuracy , the numbers are tiny , and the red-on-red marks have low contrast . Each of the six sides is divided into two sections each amounting to 0.009 '' of height adjustment , so you have twelve sections each of 0.009 '' making a total of 0.108 '' height change per revolution . OK , why use a hex head dial instead of the customary round dial ? Why design for units of 0.009 '' ? It is a bit hard to see in the picture , but the Granberg height adjustment has a generous head size and , thankfully , is a round dial . The raised marks are easy to read with the gray metal giving sharp shadows for good contrast . One rotation is exactly 0.100 '' and you have ten clearly marked divisions of 0.010 '' . This math does not hurt my head . I can easily read within a division to achieve an accuracy of 0.002 '' . The Granberg height adjustment is very handy and I use it to set my file height at the start of every filing , so my cutters always have exactly right hook.I do like the knurled retaining nut on the Oregon jig , and replaced one of the wingnuts on my Granberg with a 3/4 '' check nut3/4 -LRB- A -RRB- , 7/32 -LRB- B -RRB- , 1/2 -LRB- C -RRB- , 5/32 -LRB- D -RRB- , 10-32 thd. , Steel , Check Nut , Reid Selectfor faster side-to-side switching.Did I mention that the Granberg is lighter by 1/3 and costs less?In summary , the Oregon 23736A is outclassed by the Granberg 106B .
 I have used oregon chains and bars for years . They have always tended to be of average or better quality . I was quite supprised that Oregon would allow their name of such a poorly engineered and shoddy product . When the guide is set up exactly as per instructions , the chain guide will not allow the chain to pass through the clamps . Had I bought this thing locally , it would have gone back the next day . Rather than go through all the return hassels through Amazon , I just decided to chalk it up to experience and eat it . I have decided that it is better to just pay a little more and buy some things locally than to buy from Amazon , sigh unseen and end up with a useless peice of crap . Save your $ 40 and just buy a plain old round file and hand guide . You will do a better job of sharpening and save some money too .
 See my review of the female fitting . This product is made of the same poor quality thin metal and did not work properly . Gilmour needs to stick with making great hoses - their fittings are junk .
 This item is incorrectly described . I ordered two of these ; they arrived as two loose fuses , not in a card pack .
 Is this oil really 52 dollars for enough oil to make a one gallon mix . There has to be an error somewhere .
 Purchased two of these lights for a recent dive trip . Max depth was 106 ft. Both lights leaked during first dive ... one actually exploded on return to surface.The single o ring seal does not seem to hold up under high pressure.I would not recommend these for serious divers .
 I liked this lamp a lot when I got it and have it on my desk all the time . After a period of time , though , the collar holding the lamp itself onto the gooseneck cracked , and now the lamp just flops down . It wo n't stay up . Contacting the Daylight company was to no avail . `` We do n't make this model any more and ca n't help you . '' The lamp was useful , but sure made cheaply at the points where it should have been more durable . I also bought an extra bulb . I wish now I had n't . Maybe it will fit in a new model ? Do I want to spend another 100 bucks ? I do n't think so . I am not happy .
 I purchased two of these flashlights for a sailing voyage across the Pacific Ocean . The quality of our flashlights are very important to us , so we bought these thinking they would be perfect for our needs ; submergeable in water , LED using little battery , a nice strong beam ... unfortunately we were very disappointed . These flashlights had an weak beam and would n't even reach as far as our sails at night time meaning we were stuck in the middle of the ocean at night without sufficient lighting to make sail changes . We realized that it did n't have to be this way when we later purchased an LED headlamp and could see both sails perfectly . The Princeton tec flashlights were very difficult to turn off once turned on . You have to twist the top which seems to get stuck once turned on . In the end it became so impossible that we had to just leave it on all the time . Once when trying to change the batteries , the part where the battery spring sits fell off and it was impossible to get it back into place , meaning we could n't position new batteries inside . This was the point at which we threw them away . This happened to BOTH identical flashlights we bought . I 'm shocked that this brand produced such bad quality stuff .
 I purchased two of these flashlights for a sailing voyage across the Pacific Ocean . The quality of our flashlights are very important to us , so we bought these thinking they would be perfect for our needs ; submergeable in water , LED using little battery , a nice strong beam ... unfortunately we were very disappointed . These flashlights had an weak beam and would n't even reach as far as our sails at night time meaning we were stuck in the middle of the ocean at night without sufficient lighting to make sail changes . We realized that it did n't have to be this way when we later purchased an LED headlamp and could see both sails perfectly . The Princeton tec flashlights were very difficult to turn off once turned on . You have to twist the top which seems to get stuck once turned on . In the end it became so impossible that we had to just leave it on all the time . Once when trying to change the batteries , the part where the battery spring sits fell off and it was impossible to get it back into place , meaning we could n't position new batteries inside . This was the point at which we threw them away . This happened to BOTH identical flashlights we bought . I 'm shocked that this brand produced such bad quality stuff .
 I boght these batteries followed as directed they did n't work . The seller wanted to charge me twice for shipping . As far as I 'm concerned Toolusa is a bad company . I will never purchase from them again .
 Ordered these even after reading another guy 's review warning me not to buy them . Batteries were dead on arrival and when I tried to charge them the charging base indicator light would not stay on . Obviously , their -LRB- Michigan Industrial Tools -RRB- whole stock are either so old none of them work or they are committing fraud by selling used/recycled batteries that will no longer hold a charge .
 This battery appears to be standard . However it does not fit a Sears brand cordless drill . The connecting neck of the battery is larger the port on the drill and can not be inserted . The battery was returned for a full credit . However my total shipping expense was $ 21 . There is a need to provide specific products that this battery is compatible with .
 Werner SSF03 3-Foot 300-Pound Duty Rating Fiberglass Step StandAt this price -LRB- over $ 300 -RRB- it must be gold . If it is , I 'll order a bunch
 I 've got one of these but it sure did n't cost 300 PLUS DOLLARS . What is going on Amazon ?
 Ok , it 's my fault for not carefully reading the item description , but this stepladder ca n't be folded for storage . That makes it pretty much useless unless you have somewhere that you want to leave it sitting out or enough space in a closet for an unfolded step ladder . I have neither .
 I wanted to buy a step ladder for a relative that specifically wanted one rated up to 375 lbs . I purchased this one and when it arrived I found that is only rated for 300 lbs . So I contacted Amazon and the SSF03 -LRB- which they have incorrectly rated as 300 lbs in the title -RRB- is actually the one rated for 375 lbs . Amazon REFUSES to update their incorrect information on their website . Amazon also refused to credit me for the cost of shipping back the incorrect item and since this is a heavy ladder , the shipping was n't cheap.I LOVE Amazon , but this is a huge FAIL on their part : -LRB- Also they need to separate these items and have them listed separately rather than just a dropdown for 3 distinctly different items.The SSF03 is a good ladder and a decent price for what you would have to pay for it elsewhere . If it was n't for the Amazon epic FAIL I would have rated the SSF03 as a 4 star .
 Summary
 This item has been sent but I never got it , I have contacted the company and they are suppose to be sending me another one but 2 weeks later I have still not gotten it !!!!
 I bought two packs of these for a tool kit for work . The quality is definitely lacking . They seem robust enough to handle sharp tools like screwdrivers being tossed around in them , but the zippers are very stiff to open and close to the point that i am afraid i am going to rip the pull tag off of it . Sometime i have to use pliars to get the zippers closed . Also , the bags are not the same size , i have some tools that will fit in one bag with room to spare and wont fit in others if I expect to close it . They seem to hold up to airline check luggage handling though if they are inside of a decent case .
 The zippers a cheep and are hard to open and close.I am looking for some other tool bags with better zippers .
 I was disappointed with how difficult it is to operate the zippers . The zippers appear to be heavy duty brass but it takes a lot of force to open and close them . It might be because the teeth do n't line up very well . It is the same for all four bags . Maybe some light wax or silicone lubricant on the zippers would help . Overall I think they are a bit over priced for what they are .
 flashlight worked great until I bought new batteries and then the power surge burned out the bulb which is too expensive to chance it happening again so I will stay away from this prduct
 Super bright like a car 's high-beam , but it wo n't last long . Does n't dim before it dies , like other flashlights . It 'll just be dead the next time you pick it up . Batteries get very hot too . If all you do is flash quickly with this light , it will hold out for a while . But , if you use it to follow the dog at night , then it will do that for about 3-5 nights . When I bought this light I figured it was cheaper because of the plastic body . No , that does n't seem to be the only reason why . The more expensive handheld and weapon-mounted models will run much much longer .
 After two years or so , the circuitry is not reliable -LRB- could be mine only -RRB- . Have to tap/rap it to get it to turn on . I cleaned contact surfaces with alcohol preps . I lubed threads with silicon . I even got a clickie tail cap , and upgraded the xenon to an LED . Same problems . I also bought a nice kydex holster , hoping the new tail cap and new bulb would remedy the problem . Problem still exists . I wo n't mount this on my carbine , can not trust it . Surefire is way overpriced , technology now provides as good technology or better at half the price . BTW , for ha-ha 's I called Surefire and they said they would send me a new tail cap . If it `` fixes the problem , '' I 'll post an update . But I 'm not optimistic at all . My RiverRock flashlights from Target are more reliable after several years ... momentary-on AND clickable .
 There 's something terribly appealing about the Surefire G2 . It can be carried in a pocket , or a pocketbook , and can easily temporarily blind an attacker with a simply push of a button . Still , it 's an incandescent light and despite its power , battery life is only one hour with two CR123 batteries.The G2 used to sell for $ 26 . Now everyone wants about $ 65 and Amazon , $ 59 . For that price , I 'd recommend an Olight M20 Warrior , which is selling for $ 69 currently .
 These lights are decent but using the CR123 batteries becomes very expensive after awhile . I always seem to have a problem with them turning on in my pocket when not in use even though i properly turned the light to the off position . Surefire customer service did nothing to help out with the problem . This flashlight uses an incandescent bulb that burns out very quickly and is expensive to replace . I recently bought the Fenix E21 for about 35 bucks . . it runs on 2AA batteries . The Fenix is much brighter . . cheaper and uses more readily available batteries ... and the light has never accidentally turned on in my pocket regardless of the conditions . The Fenix is a better light at a much better price and does n't have the frustrating issues that the Surefire G2 has and is much more dependable . . more cost effective .
 I bought this blade from WoodCraft . I set the tension on my Delta 14 '' bandsaw exactly to the 1/8 '' setting . I started cutting 3/4 '' cherry with gentle curves and the blade suddenly snapped , apparently breaking at the weld . These blades cost 1/2 as much as Timberwolf . Maybe there is a reason for that . I can only say the money saved over a more reliable blade is definitely not worth the hassle .
 NOT EVEN CLOSE TO WHAT ONE WOULD EXPECT and No refund and you pay to return . What a waist my time and of $ 8.00 . Actual size is 1/2 inch X 1 1/2 inch X 2.0 inch .
 I was considering this item on Amazon and happend to see the low cost of wireless pushbutton remotes that would work for my gate opener . I bought a couple and mounted one using velcro inside a low profile waterproof outlet box I attached to the house in a discrete location . A few more $ but no wiring required .
 Do NOT buy this product . It is an extremely cheap push button control . I accidentally overtightened the screw as I was securing it to an aluminum fence . It cracked very easily . You can get the same product at Home Depot , its called a door bell button . The door bell buttons are more sturdy than this and cost less , way less . I regret buying this Mighty Mule one .
 I was screwing it to the post when the tiny screw bent , which caused me to stab the cheap plastic switch with the screw driver and it broke to bits ... After my temper tantrum I went to the hardware store and bought a weather resistant doorbell button that is made out of metal and it works great ! -LRB- at half the price I might add -RRB- P.S. Love the gate opener though , good stuff !
 These are very cheaply made lamps all lose and wobbly the lamp shades were destroyed when it arrived when I contacted the shipper they sent out a table top to replace lamp shades . That was over a month ago and now they wo n't respond to my emails so I guess I 'm stuck with this cheap -LRB- damaged -RRB- Chinese crap . I would not recommended this company to my worst enemy
 The item took way too long to get -LRB- was shipped a week after my supposed arrival date -RRB- . Customer service sucks . Save your time , money and brain cells and buy somewhere else .
 Product was a bit of a disappointment . But the price should have been the red flag . There were cheaper ones so I thought this would be sturdier . In our summers this plastic dried out pretty quickly and had an `` economic '' feel to it . Did not work well with miracle gro .
 This Product is a waste of time and for sure a waste of money !! Simply it does not work , i already sent it back today !!!
 i bought this sprayer and filled it with insect spray to treat my hydrangeas . i happily sprayed away and did not notice that this did not use any of the insecticide product , just water from the hose . the hydrangeas ended up dying because they did not get treatment , 6 huge beautiful 7 ft wide plants . this year i started spraying again but i noticed that it was not using up the insecticide so i resprayed and measured the amount i put in the sprayer , sprayed again and measured -- none was used . we did everything correctly but it did not suction out any insecticide causing the plants to die from no treatment . after 2 spray sessions today that ended up being pure water i found my old ortho dial and spray and had everything done in no time . besides the fact that the ortho actually uses the insecticide in the sprayer -LRB- a miracle apparently -RRB- , it has much better spraying action.this product is terrible and it killed my plants by depriving them of treatment !!! do not buy it !!!
 This thing costs twice as much as one from home depot and works half as well . The cannister detached from the handle , dumping the liquid inside all over the ground . When I put it back together , I failed to notice the straw that siphons up the liquid was n't in there , so I did all my work and then realized my mistake . Then I had to redo my work . I 'm returning this for a full refund as defective .
 purchased product a long time ago thinking that it would fit my vehicle but I was mistaken . i had to return it as it was the wrong part .
 The threading -LRB- parts that fit/screw together -RRB- on the pieces sent in my order are not adequate causing the upper third piece -LRB- the piece that actually holds the towels -RRB- to become wobbly and unstable . I missed the window to return this item and otherwise would have in a second . Not happy with this rack at all .
 The photo of the towel stand shows it as dark , oil rubbed bronze in color . The selection description is `` bronze '' . The actual product is `` burnished bronze '' . The color is a lighter bronze with an antique/goldish type finish . It does not work in a bathroom with oil rubbed bronze fixtures . So disappointed , but I had to return it ; it is too expensive to have to `` make do . ''
 The main stem on the base piece was in crooked and caused the rest of the main pole -LRB- s -RRB- to stand in the shape of a slight ess curve . The items will not tighten down much at all without continuing on spinning around -LRB- like it 's stripped out -RRB- . There was a small rock inside 1 of the shafts ! Yes , a rock ! The entire thing , above the base , rocked back and forth after it was put togehter . I was just completely disappointed with this stand . I went immediately to the returns portion of Amazon after I found another type of towel stand to try and applied the return of this one to the new one . Stay away from purchasing this Gatco stand .
 Bought one of these at a discount home store a few years ago . Recently the weight in the bottom broke into pieces . It looks like concrete incased in plastic . The plastic is brittle and the whole thing may have been dropped at sometime since the store carries close out items from other place . Look at the bottom and be sure yours does n't have any cracks in the weight that provides the stability for this towel rack . Otherwise it 's been perfect . Maybe a piece of wood in the bottom will fix this .
 The stand is not stable . It was keep getting lose after year and later it became useless because will not stay straight .
 I like in the Northeast , snow , salt , hot , cold.I spent weeks on cleaning and prep having read that you can not spend too much time to have a totally clean surface -LRB- yes you can -RRB- . Pressure washer , stiff brush , TSP , blah , blah , The floor looked great for the first year and then it quickly went down hill . It did not peel but the surface did wear badly . I followed the instructions to the letter , mixing , cure time so installation was not the problem.I used more than enough material and did not spread it on too thin.The fact is that the for difficult weather conditions , the material is just not up to the job.If you down south or in the west , wear snow , ice and salt is not an issue this product may do fine , but for others , try something else.I am now looking at a industrial floor mat , a lot of money but I suspect much more durable .
 I just installed the product on my garage floor and I can honestly say it looked better before installing the Rustoleum floor epoxy . Let me be clear that I followed the instruction to the ` letter ' and my garage floor was in great shape to start -LRB- no oil stains , cracks , etc -RRB- . After drying , the product has uneven color distribution , the gloss is patchy -LRB- some shiny areas , some flat -RRB- and it dries at different rates . Plan to keep your garage empty for a few days and pray it does n't rain . I called Rustoleum and they informed me that the color streaking and roller marks was normal due to the porisity of cement . What ?? Also the gloss distribution is apparently not their problem . They are unwilling to provide any assistance . I have since researched the product and other reviews describe the same poor experience . What a mess !!!!
 I am particular about the products I buy . The picture on the suppliers site showed that this was an original Streamilght battery stick . What I received was a Chinese made copy . I consider this to be misleading .
 When i bought this battery i assume it the original but it turn out it made from China .
 I purchased this battery on Amazon in November , 2009 , from another supplier . Much like a couple of the reviews mentioned I received a battery `` Made in China '' . I did n't think much of it at the time . It seemed to charge in the same amount of time and have about the same battery life as the OEM that lasted me numerous years.I have now noticed I get about 10 minutes on a full charge . My old `` original '' battery lasted me about 10 years and got me around 1 hour of use per charge . This is less than a year old and I have been using the flashlight the same as I always have.Moral of the story , in this case saving money will not be a benefit if you use your flashlight frequently . I will not buy a `` Made in China '' battery for my stinger ever again.I 'm not bashing `` Made in China '' and I do n't normally write reviews , but keep my review in mind when ordering .
 I ordered this so called streamlight battery for my stinger thinking it was a great price compared to our local retailers . When the item was delivered it was not a streamlight battery , rather some made in China knock off . The company offered to refund my money if I returned the battery but it was going to be a pain for shipping so I just cut my losses . My point is if you say you are selling a genuine part with a picture and send me something different , that 's just wrong . I guess it was to good to be true .
 Ordered two Studio Series 52-inch five blade fans with four medium-base 60-watt light sockets . Was very disappointed to find that shipped items came with tiny light sockets that take only candelabra-type light bulbs , available with no more than 40 watts each . So instead of 240 watts of light the item affords a maximum of 160 watts . One of the ceiling fans was already installed at considerable expense before I discovered this fault , so I 'm keeping it . I 'm returning the other one .
 I have not been able to get the flashlight to last more than 60 seconds on the hand-powered generator , no matter how long -LRB- I once tried 10 minutes -RRB- nor how fast I wind it .
 The carryout lamp was supposed to be red . it arrived as a black one . upon notifying pop store they were supposed to send me the red ones with a return label to return the wrong ones . it never arrived . be certain the pic matches the heading . buyer beware !
 Amazon suggested this when I bought my poulan weed whacker , but it does n't fit my poulan . I ended up rigging a strip of cloth tied like a sling and that works just fine . Save yourself some time , trouble , and money and do what I did .
 I purchased my PM2000 in mid-September ; it 's a great saw and I 've no issue with it at all . Powermatic is offering a $ 100 Gift Card promotion with the purchase of this saw . Amazon did not include anything about the gift card with the saw . I sent Amazon an email and they washed their hands of it saying `` this offer is a transaction between you and the manufacturer , you will need to direct all future communication to Powermatic '' . Funny as I ordered my saw from Amazon.I called Powermatic Customer Service a few weeks ago and they asked me to email a copy of Amazon 's response to them . It 's been three weeks now and I 've heard nothing back from Powermatic or Amazon . I phoned Powermatic `` Customer Service '' again today and they took my name/number but did not call me back .
 Powermatic used to make their products in the USA . Now most are made in China . Let the Chineese buy them then . I wo n't buy Powermatic tools .
 I received my tablesaw about a month ago but it was missing the bolts and saw blade . Within 10 days , the bolts arrived and assembly was relatively simple . I never received the saw blade but received the guard that goes behind the blade -LRB- I dont know what I will do with another one of those -RRB- . I just sent an email to Powermatic because the arbor lock broke . This was after changing the blade less than ten times -LRB- between kerf and dado blades -RRB- . I like the caster feature but wish I would have bought a Grizzley . I know I could have had problems with them but it would cost a thousand dollars less for those same problems . Hopefully Powermatic will get back with me soon or I will still be changing my blades with a 2X4 and wrench since there isnt a back up when the arbor lock brakes.It has been almost 1 year since I purchased my saw now and thought I would edit my post . It works great now that they replaced my motor -LRB- it went out a couple months after this post -RRB- and my arbor lock . Regardless of all the problems , it sure is a pretty machine .
 This is the single most disappointing purchase I have made on Amazon to date . I wanted and needed the brass supports the picture showed and was shocked to receive plastic ones instead . A lesson in the need to read all the fine print and not depend on the pictures to represent the actual product . I felt mislead and cheated . On the other hand , the seller did refund my full purchase price -- but not the shipping .
 While this product served the purpose we had for ordering it , it was difficult to install as the main piece that stretched along the top of the closet , was bent . My husband had to spend most of his time just straightening it out before he could attempt to install it . Better packaging would have been appreciated .
 It took 4 weeks to get a simple part from these people . On their initial shipment they did not send me tracking information , so when the shipment was damaged by UPS neither they nor I knew anything about the halted shipment for another week after it happened . Then they took 4 days to ship a replacement , and sent it via ground , which took another 5 days . Do n't order from them if you need something on a schedule.Oh , the product was fine .
 I attempted to remove the two screws on my Honda XL-250 points/condenser cover with my K-D 1140 impact driver set . I used the smaller Phillips bit , and got the first screw loosened , but the second one twisted the tip of the Phillips bit off . Do n't know what kind of steel was used in the manufacture of the bits , but it is obviously very soft . How unfortunate . I wo n't be purchasing the replacement bit set . `` Hit me once , shame on you . Hit me twice , shame on me ! `` Randy YoungBattle Ground IN
 I have spent weeks searching for this 12 '' shower head and contacting numerous sources , because their website would indicate `` not in stock - contact us for ship date . '' When I called them , they explained it was not an item they stocked and it would be at least 4 - 6 wks before it could ship . I was delighted to finally find it `` In Stock '' at Amazon.com through their source CSN on May 13 . I was puzzled why , 7 days later , I had still not received any shipping details . I contacted Amazon , who referred me to CSN directly and was told it not only was NOT in stock , but that they NEVER stock them -- they merely contact their mfr . when they receive an order !!! I then rec 'd . an `` estimated ship date '' of May 19 - 24 -- which -LRB- because it 's already 6/7 -RRB- is ANOTHER LIE ! I 'm now told it is expected to come in by 6/10 , and I 'm pretty sure that 's just a ruse to keep me from cancelling my order . By now , I could have ordered from any one of the other HONEST sources and received the shower head ! Shame on Amazon for allowing CSN to sucker customers in by showing inventory as `` in stock '' -- and double shame on CSN !!!
 In a sense , it works . However , the time it takes to get used to using it is quite an extensive process . I went out and bought the Lansky Garden Sharpener -LRB- for lawn mower blades , axes , hatches , etc. and it works great ! Way better than this . I 'll keep it around to use it if I have to , but nothing else .
 I found this sharpener completely ineffective ; perhaps I have the technique wrong , but it did n't work for me or for a couple of more knife-knowledgeable friends I had try it .
 I got these to try to get out several stuck and broken bolts . Needless to say , it did not work . They are not strong enough and broke . I got a $ 4 bolt extractor set from a tool store , and they got two other bolts out . I wish that I had done that first , instead of buying a more expensive one that did not work for me . Yes , I could probably send the broken one in and get a replacement . Just to have it break again ? Better to save the postage .
 This lock is not 3/4 Shackle by any means . When closed the shackle height is 1.25 '' and when opened it 's even longer . I have a tight place and searched everywhere to find a 3/4 shackle lock and was excited when I saw this lock . When I received it today , I was so disappointed that the shackle clearance is not even close to 3/4 '' .
 Had one of these for `` years '' and it was a great lock , but like all things it had its day . I searched for one just like it and here it is . I highly recommend this lock . CANCEL MY RECOMMENDATION , I WOULD NOT NOW RECOMMEND THIS LOCK !!!!! Had this lock now for a year and one day it decided that it no longer cared to open and I had to get it CUT OFF ! Multiple attempts with the combination failed to open it . It worked fine up until that day . NO WAY would I buy one of these today , the quality just does n't seem to be there like it used to .
 Maybe some of you have received these Made in China sun/safety glasses that work . I Did Not ! The distortion in both the supposed clear area and the magnified area made them completely useless . They honored the return , but the return shipping cost made it kind of a waste of time and money , but I did return them . If you purchase I wish you better luck .
 LA CONSTRUCCION SE MIRA DE BUENA CALIDAD , PERO NO SON PARA EL SOL , YA QUE TIENEN AUMENTO EN LA PARTE , DE ABAJO , SON COMO PARA UN TALLER DE SOLDADURA , O EN ESMERILES
 I use sunglasses on a daily basis , I have been using a different brand for years and they were discontinued so I ordered the apex glasses with high expectations but after the third day of wearing them the frames broke on the right side , and I was able to repair them , then the very next day the left side of the frames broke leaving them unrepairable ... I was very disappointed ... save your money !!!!
 Hoping that the glasses would be great for outdoors they were so uncomfortable . The plastic was unforgiving ... When wearing them they simply did not sit correctly on my face . Will not order glasses on line again .
 These glasses are a very nice fit and very stylish , but when I use the magnifying lenses I feel like I 'm crossing my eyes . I only use these when I absolutely have to . I also bought a pair of Dewalt 's and they are excellent .
 This is false advertising !!! The item pictured had clear lenses but the one I got had sunglass lenses . No use for it as I wanted clear lenses . Do not Buy . Bogus product . Flimsy plastic crap .
 I was so disappointed when these glasses arrived with smoked lenses . I had ordered them according to the picture which had clear lenses . I already have bifocal sunglasses and needed clear ones . Guess I should have realized that with a UV400 they would n't be clear but still a poor job of advertising . Will cost more to send them back than they are worth . I 'm screwed .
 -LRB- -2 stars for getting the order wrong -RRB- I ordered the clear lenses ; I received the smoked lenses . I do n't know that I 'll have a use for bifocal sunglasses , but I 'll give them a try . I had hoped to use these for working on my home renovation -LRB- indoor electrical , plumbing , etc work -RRB- , but the smoked lenses are just too dark for that . For the price I paid , I 'm not willing to spend almost the same amount of money to repackage and send these back . -LRB- -1 star for making me have to go look for another , similar item -RRB- Self-explanatory . If I find out later that these are actually useful to me , I 'll come back and update this .
 Do not buy this wrench . They sent me a 1-7/16 '' , etched right on the handle , does n't say 36mm anywhere , wrench.The conversion makes it a 36.5 mm wrench.I 'm a mechanic , I do n't have time to do conversions everytime I need a wrenchand I 'd prefer to have a tool that 's not as sloppy , brand new , as the worn out tool I was trying to replace .
 Searched universal remote control garage door openers , This one came up . It is not a UNIVERSAL garage door opener . Cost too great to return because of handling fee and return postage . File 13 , from now on look very carefully at small print .
 Returned this item , as it was the wrong item I needed . Be sure you know the model # or the learn code button color of your unit before ordering a remote .
 awaiting response from company about the unit i already returned.need to hear so that i can order the proper part
 The product was easy to set up and use and is lightweight . However , just a few months after the one year warranty expired , it quit working reliably . The battery still holds a great charge , but the remote fails to transmit most times due to a failure of one of the circuits .
 This product was retuned unopen to the vendor about 3 weeks ago and I have n't heard anything back.Can someone tell me why
 Wish there was more information with this product before I made the purchase . It did not work with my garage door . After the fact learned that it was not easy to return to the manufactor .
 This company and product is awful ! Did not find out it only works with PURPLE learn codes until arrival , on the work order in very small font says `` Works with PURPLE learn code BUTTON ONLY !! `` This means if your garage door motor does not have a PURPLE button , this will NOT work.Now there is a $ 5 ship back fee and another $ 5 restocking fee per remote . Save yourself the hassle , Do not buy !
 I emailed and asked to confirm proper garage door openner . I purchase two that ended up being the wrong ones , they said that the color of the button on the unit mattered . I thought the serial # and other numbers would get me the correct unit only to find they want me to order again and pay in advance then refund my new remotes if they get them back in original condition with a 25 % restocking fee . I would not use this company again until they make this right . I do n't recommend them , find a company that offers a better return policy and faster response.Good luck.I went to HOME DEPOT and gladly spent $ 35 without the hassle and it worked fine .
 We followed the simple universal instructions . My Brother tried first , no good . My Mother then tried to set the garage door opener , no luck . Then I cam from inside the house , not seeing what they had previously done , checked the battery , opened closed the garage door , started from the beginning of the instructions . Still nothing happened.We tried with an existing remote that was working , followed the new remote 's instructions . It worked perfectly for our old remote . #EpicFail
 Battery was new but transmitter sends no sinal on any freq . JUNK . Here are your extra few words fir this Dumb rewiew to go through .
 I spent almost an hour trying to make this remote work . I tried testing the battery , taking it apart and re-assembling it all to no avail . In the end I went to Sears and bought one that worked instantly .
 I received a defective opener . The only thing that works is the battery . Taking all things into consideration , I did not feel that it was worth returning .
 I purchased 2 of these after I purchased a home with a liftmaster garage door . The batteries had only arabic instructions on them and they were not programmable to my american garage lift system .
 The sealer cent me the rouge item and to send it back for an exchange , I had to pay 25 % restocking fee . I do n't right reviews , but this mad me so mad ! you are better off getting one at Home Depot or Lowe 's
 I purchased the remote control from vendor name called
 This product will only work with `` liftmaster '' garage door motors . It seems like the designer could support interfacing with more than one type of device . That would be a much more robust and useful tool .
 my remote arrived in the mail last week . i took out my stepladder , climbed up to the opener and programmed the remote as per the instructions . within 3 seconds or less , the remote was working like a charm . it does n't get any easier than that .
 I only wanted to purchase one , but I checked other products . I could not figure out why the other two I only showed my interested without even given my final purchase request , but all showed up with my purchase even without my approval . Stephen Yu , 415-469-5469 -LRB- home -RRB- , if not at home , try cell at 415-244-6215
 I installed this lock in my bathroom pocket door and the mechanism is so stiff that you ca n't even turn it to lock it . The whole thing works fine until you install it ! I actually had this problem TWICE with the same model -- my contractor broke the first one trying to fix the problem , so I had to buy a second one . I was hoping that the first one was just defective , but the second one I received was broken too !
 I bought five of these for my new house about 3 years ago . I am now replacing the last of them with passage door sets . They worked well for a while but then one of them caught on the strike plate and we had to take the lock apart to open the door . I have replaced three for this reason . Now I am replacing the last two because when you go to open the door the lock part pulls out and you have to push it back in every time . These locks are a good idea , but they are just not reliable .
 Bought -LRB- and paid for -RRB- the `` fifty-pack '' which turned out to be a single , drawn handybox that was perfectly average/serviceable in every way . I complained , but never got the remaining 49 pieces . I 'm not sure if it was a mistake or a scam , but it was definitely BOGUS advertising .
 I purchased 2 of the 24 drawer cabinets from one supplier and a 44 drawer cabinet from a second supplier . -LRB- The first supplier did not offer the 44 drawer model . -RRB- All three cabinets arrived with broken tabs laying in the bottom of the box . -LRB- These are the tabs that keep the drawers from falling out . -RRB- In addition , one of the UNBREAKABLE plastic drawers was cracked . I called one of the suppliers , -LRB- Wasserstrom -RRB- , and they sent me a replacement cabinet . The problem was that it was worse than the others . Nearly half of the plastic tabs were broken . This is not a shipping or handling problem . The problem is that the process of installing the individual drawers at the factory is damaging the frame during assembly . This is a poor quality product.I found a better choice at Lowe 's . They carry a line of plastic drawer cabinets that are much better , and made in the USA too !! They have a 9 drawer cabinet that has the same size drawers as Akro-Mills and is stackable . They are much more robust in design and cost about the same -LRB- $ 1.22 per drawer vs. $ 1.17 -RRB- as the Akro-Mills products .
 I own another Akro-Mils parts drawer that is similar - the 10764 and I did n't have problems with that one , but this one arrived with several of the plastic tabs broken . I did n't even need to unwrap the shrinkwrap - it was clearly evident because of broken pieces rattling around and drawers shifted . The tabs serve two purposes - they serve as a drawer stop to keep the drawer from being pushed in too far , and they keep the drawer from falling out when opened.Akro-Mils clearly did n't size the tabs properly for the bigger drawers of this model . They are the same 1-2mm tiny tabs that are used for the models with smaller drawers and the plastic is hard and brittle enough that they break easily.This went unopened right back to Amazon . I 'm looking for a different brand .
 These do not include drawer dividers ! The dividers are another $ 8 for 6 of the large and $ 10 for 16 of the small . This adds up when buying multiple units . I just sank another $ 80 into 4 units just to get dividers ! For the price of this unit considering it is made completely of plastic the dividers should be included . This is nothing but a hidden cost and I find it deceitful .
 This item is alot smaller then I thought it would be . The back of it had a crack in it . The drawers fall out very easily . I will be sending it back .
 The drawers are too small . My daughter had asked for this for xmas but did not realize the drawers were so small . How do I return it .
 I purchased two Akro-Mils drawer cabinets from Amazon and was not pleased with the quality . They need to be attached to the wall behind the shelf I have them on to prevent them from flexing . The drawers do not fit well into the cabinet and even when pushed against the stops look uneven . The packaging says that they come with drawer dividers which is only partially true . There are only a few drawer dividers provided and you need to work for them . The dividers are stamped out of the back piece and need to be cut away from the cabinet and cut out individually with scissors . When they advertise that it comes with dividers , I reasonably expected to have a divider for each drawer.The drawers are made of a durable plastic and will probably hold up pretty well . All in all , I recommend that you look elsewhere for your drawer cabinets , $ 35 - $ 37 for these units is way more that they 're worth .
 Received what appears to be `` B '' stock or typical crap coming from China.One or both of the stop taps on 12 of the 24 drawer guides were broken.I have one of these , purchase many years ago . It takes quite the effort to break the tabs ; this was the case on the older units .
 I purchased this item in hopes of organizing my garage ; I have to say once it arrived I was VERY disappointed ; the image appears to be that of a large item , it 's NOT . It 's actually only a few inches larger than my laptop the picture is misleading , all you can store in this would be small items such as screws , bolts , batteries etc. . . Nothing larger in my opinion it 's NOT worth buying . I plan to return it if my husband do n't find some use for it!Dissatisfied CustomerThe wife !!
 I have been ordering these gloves for the past 2 years . They have been great , but I recently ordered them and received plexglove size 9 instead.Reversible Double Sided Dotted String Knit Work Gloves - Size 9 - Sold As 1 Dozen . I can say they are crap . They are very small in size and very very cheaply made . So use caution if you have ordered these in the past . You will not be happy if they are not G & F.UPDATE
 This looks a lot more durable in the picture . I wanted it for the garage but it is so lightweight and flimsy I am going to have to think of somewhere to use it inside .
 This seat is somewhat disapointing , The sitting area toward the back of the seat is slopped up higher so when seated you are forced to lean forward . The seat itself is not flat , it is rounded and narrow adding to discomfort . The wash wand does not come out far enough so with every wash , water is splshed on the back of the seat and needs to be wiped up . Must set power saving feature daily instead of set and forget . The unit does wash well and the water comes out warm .
 Terrible . Burned out after first use . The company itself was horrible about it.Avoid at all costs .
 Worked pretty well the first season , but when I got them out this year they were DOA . Tried calling the customer service number , but ca n't seem to get through . Clever concept , but terrible execution .
 Bought the Ventamatic IF24 - 24 '' Heavy Duty Exhaust Fan at Tractor Supply . The fan looked interesting
 I installed this sink about five years ago , based on the description of features and the look of the sink . It was easy to install , seemed well made and was light enough to manage the installation myself . Unfortunately , it just did n't perform well over time . I barely knocked a pot on the center divider and the surface chipped , showing the black underneath . The bottom of the bowl started to look worn after about 2 years with fine scratches and stains . The stains come out with BKF but you have to use it every other day to keep the sink looking clean . I even used a plastic mat in the bowl when washing dishes by hand so as not to scratch the sink , but the surface is just not as durable as necessary for daily use . I replaced the sink this week with a Blanco Silgranite , so time will tell . I would not recommend the Americast finish .
 Wo n't last long . Mine wo n't close on small objects anymore . Spend the 3 extra dollars and buy some American Klein Lok 10410 pliers .
 First off , Amazon is the greatest , and they are always my first on-line location for purchases . Purchased these small vice grips for a project working with small devices . The first attempt at use yielded two screw heads being scratched/messed up due to the vice grips continually slipping off the screws . I carefully looked at the jaws of the vice grips and immediately saw that they are mis-aligned from the factory - it looks like they are molded improperly . Irwin - that is bad , bad , bad ; unacceptable , no excuse . Amazon - my guess is all the 4WRs have mis-aligned jaws .
 This nifty looking hook will not fit onto a standard Occidental tool belt -LRB- 3 inches wide . -RRB- Occidental tool belts are the construction industry standard . I am a contractor , and this hook would be very helpful to me , but oddly enough , the `` heaviest duty tool hook available '' wo n't fit the heaviest duty tool belt available . I think it was designed very poorly in that aspect . And if you look at the pictures , you 'll see how ridiculous it is . Who wears a tool hook on their regular belt around their pants ? They say it 'll hold 200 pounds on their website , but the only belt capable of that is the one the hook wo n't fit on .
 Clip-In Style Electrical Cord Set With Switch . 6 Ft. Black Heavy-Duty . -LRB- Set Of 10 -RRB- While the seller was quick to take my money , they have yet to send their product . Avoid this seller and make your purchase from someone else . Peace
 Received the item I ordered , but this was not the three-gang Claro wallplate I was expecting . Did n't know that the Lutron Claro wallplate comes in two models -- this style -LRB- Claro model CW -RRB- which is glossy with square-ish sides , and challenging installation -LRB- is almost impossible to separate the front decorative faceplate -RRB- ; the other style -LRB- Claro model SC -RRB- has a flat-satin finish with rounded edges and simplified installation -LRB- the front plate comes off much easier -RRB- .
 Thin veneer of brushed SS on black plastic , so if black plastic would n't look good on your wall , you probably wo n't like these . Buy a single to check it out before buying enough to finish a room/house . Installs easily enough , just does n't look as nice as the straight on view photograph implies , as thats the only angle that really looks nice and/or SS .
 Jorgensen used to be the `` go to '' brand for miter hand saws.My wife picked this up for me at my request , so I could do some work around the house.When got it I was a little worried as the weight of the box suggested they might have moved from steel to aluminum.I opened the box and found that they had not gone to aluminum ... they had gone to plastic.Another great brand destroyed for this quarter 's profits . The thing is on the way back to the store as I type this and I 'm off to craigslist to find an old/real Jorgensen .
 ordered this item and found out after the fact it DOES NOT FIT KOHLER . Should say what toilets it WILL fit . Very disappointed
 The product works fine but is susceptible to corrosion very quickly . This is the third one I have gone through in 2 years . The most recent lasted about 6 months . Unfortunately it is located in a locker that gets wet constantly . If it was in a dry area I would expect better results . I have moved on to a different sytle of plug that is more protected from the elements -LRB- and costs 3 times as much -RRB- and so far so good .
 Read the previous negative reviews and add that I ordered one switch that did not work upon installation , and the second one would not work either .
 This is a completely worthless object ! It does not come with any mounting hardware and is almost impossible to fit and hook up the wires !
 Obviously the people at RigRite have never even installed this item themselves .1 . It is LONG - you need over 3 1/2 '' of clearance behind your dash to make this fit ... did not fit on any of the boat I work on .2 . Do n't be fooled by the front label - it is only a thin adhesive film and is NOT a mounting bracket . YOU will need to make one YOURSELF because it comes with absolutely NOTHING ! 3 . If you resolve problems 1 and 2 , then break out the soldering iron because that 's the only way you will ever hook the wires up properly .
 I 'm not sure where the defense of this product comes from ; dare I say troll from/for the company !?! Never have I ever purchased a chisel of any sort that requires `` sharpening '' before use . Maybe if you purchase a cheap brand that requires a little more care to the edge but these things do n't even have an accurate/correct angle let alone the the edge and NO WHERE does it state from the manufacturer or on the package these require sharpening before use . $ 400 dollars worth of sand stone give me a break ! No one is going to or want to spend that much time getting these metal bars to a usable state . Google these things and you 'll know what I mean ; Buck Bro . is not at all what they used to be years ago these are china made garbage.Save your mony and pay $ 53 for the 7 piece power grip -- > http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0037MI3K2/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00 you will not be disappointed!PLEASE DO N'T BUY THESE ! PLEASE
 Do n't even waste your time/money . The tools are not sharp and are quite worthless . Maybe they will work better with a hammer , but not for use as hand tools . They are huge thick at the tips , makes it hard for carving . They are going back after 20 minutes of use.A -
 Did n't review this enough I guess , these are very small and of course come unsharpened , which is n't unexpected . Do n't have much use for them as they are however .
 A little too loud , 250W Heat Lamp insufficient for our application - replaced with a Panasonic .7 sones , 1500W Heater , 100 CFM
 First my compliments to Air King for a sturdy housing of consistent size and only slightly out of square . And they were quick to replace the fan unit when I complained that the blower wheel was out of round , out of balance and though mounted in the ceiling was giving me a foot massage from the vibrations transmitted to the tile floor . Unfortunately the new made in China blower is just as bad as the old made in China blower . How bad is it ? I close the door to the master bath and I can hear it . I close the door to the master bedroom and can hear it in all rooms on the second floor . I go down to the main floor and can still hear it in every room . I go into the basement and can still hear it in every room . Considering that I have greater than 50 % hearing loss , it gives zero credence to the advertised 3.5 sones as well as the 4.0 sones listed on the packaging . I wanted the heat lamps so this looked like a good idea . Now I need to choose between a bunch of rewiring and drywall work for a different brand fan-only unit or a small amount of wiring and a $ 280 fantech bathroom retrofit kit . Oh , one more thing
 Within three minutes of turning the light on , the glass cover exploded and the force of the explosion sent broken glass everywhere , as much as eight feet away . I was standing two feet away and was lucky that I was n't hurt . Returning it and getting a refund .
 The deisgn is attractive however , the paint is not lasting outdoors . I oredred a couple of these 5 years back . The color faded within 3 years .
 The first log that I tried to lift was about 10 '' in diameter and 8 feet long . I placed the unit about 20 '' from one end . The socket that the jack stand plugs into snapped on the first lift . I do n't know if the metal was crystallized from welding or what but is was extremely weak . I ended up welding in a reinforcing gusset to make the thing work but it is still substandard .
 No wrenches included and I have NO clue what size -LRB- s -RRB- to use . My regular router wrenches are to small . Wish I would have ordered the MCLS , as it comes with everything you need , and is almost $ 10 cheaper . Does not say in description that wrenches are not included . Wasted money ... maybe when I finally figure out what to do , I will give better review .
 As this product will hold a fairly heavy router bit spinning at 16,000 rpm , I would have thought they could have printed the safety instructions in english . Four other languages , but not english .
 Using an extension on a shaft spinning at 15 to 20K + RPM is a ` high-risk ' operation . Even with a perfectly balanced adapter , the increase in the length of the shaft will place a greater lateral load on the bearings and the shaft , possibly resulting in a catastrophic failure -LRB- think ` ballistic ' -RRB- . Every router I 've ever owned -LRB- 6 or more -RRB- or used is designed for wrench access from the side not from the bottom -LRB- or ` top ' in an inverted position -RRB- . Your router table should allow this access negating the need for an extension -LRB- unless the base plate is not flush with the tabletop -RRB- . If you must use an adapter make sure it 's quality tool and use only a very sharp bit .
 can not adequately rate this product . ordered it 12-29-09 and as of 2-2-10 still have not recieved it .
 I purchased this for my dad so he could shower with a bench and an extra long hose was needed . I have had the impression that Moen was a quality manufacturer but the hose fitting began to leak , my dad tried to replace the o-ring which did n't solve the problem , and he overtightened the plastic hose fitting which promptly broke . Thanks Moen .
 We installed this hand held shower head in my parents ' second bathroom . It worked the 1st two time we tried it . When they went to use it , the water only came out as a trickle . Do n't know if the button for pause locked up or not . Looked like a great product .
 This leaked so badly , from everywhere possible . We even tried higher quality plumbers tape , with little improvement in the leaking .
 For this being a Moen product , I think they could have done better.The couplings at the ends of the hose are plastic , they will crack very easily if they are tightened too much , making the hose worthless . I had to put my old hose back on . It has metal couplings.There is only one outer ring of water besides the center pulse setting . There is not enough water allowed to come out of the outer ring to suit me , so I had to remove all water inhibiters inside the unit to allow enough water flow to make a rinse economical . I think Moen should design a head with 2 outer rings of water flow for those of us who want a decent rinse , because the outer ring is reduced so much when the pulse setting is even half way on . They can keep the pulse setting as far as I 'm concerned . For me , if the pulse is more than half way on , it beats on me too much.The only reason that shower head is still in my shower is because of the button that reduces the flow a lot when water is not needed such as soap-up time or head washing time . That is economical .
 This showerhead is not very good and I would n't recommend it . You can find better and less expensive alternatives.The showerhead is all plastic but it does n't feel cheap , although I prefer chrome or nickel as it looks and feels better and is more durable . It was a quick 2 minute install and there was no leaking.The dealbreaker for this showerhead is the hose . It is a cheap plain plastic/rubber hose that is n't reinforced to prevent kinking and tangling . So when the water turns on it will cause the hose to twist about and move the showerhead out of alignment in the cradle so it sprays to the sides . I had to loop the hose around the shower pipe in order to steady it.This leads to the other problem , which is the neck of the showerhead does n't fit snugly into the cradle . It just sorta sits on top and turns freely.I 'm surprised none of the other reviews have mentioned these problems . Almost every other hand held shower I 've come across has a tangle-free hose , even the cheapo ones , but Moen must have decided to really cut some corners here . I should n't have to wrap the hose around the pipe to secure the showerhead everytime I shower.The water pressure is ok . Not great but acceptable . The pulse and massage settings are kind of useless though due to the unremarkable water flow and volume . Maybe removing the flow regulator -LRB- not sure if it 's possible -RRB- could fix this.The rubber strap that prevents the showerhead from slipping is more of a hindrance than a help . I think it 's unnecessary since I almost never drop the showerhead but it might come in handy for elderly folks . It 's removable if you do n't like it.The best feature about this showerhead is the pause switch . Like others have said it does n't completely shut off the water but makes it dribble out slowly . A great water-saver when soaping up . I do n't know why this is n't a standard feature on all showerheads . If people were serious about conserving water they should make it mandatory.Anyways , I do n't like this showerhead because of the crappy hose so I 'll be returning it . I love the pause feature but do n't absolutely need it on the showerhead . Home Depot sells a separate water shut off valve for like $ 5 which you connect to the shower pipe and then connect any showerhead to the valve .
 ordered this moen product because i already owned a Moen hand held shower but it was time for a new one . this model had all the things i was looking for -- especially the extra long hose . well it was very poor quality -- the hand held shower head never stopped leaking where the hose connects -- tried everything -- extra washer -- extra thread tape and finally the connection cracked while trying the tighten it so it would not leak -- the hose is now useless . the water pressure was so low and the water spray pattern was just pitiful . had to pull out the old one and reinstall it til i can order a new one -- BUT it wo n't be this model !!
 The shower head that I received was defective . I sent it back . Water not only came out of the intended holes in the head but also came out of all the seams down the sides of the entire hand set . I was looking forward to the pause feature on the showerhead thinking it would be convenient when bathing my dogs . Unfortunately it did not work out and I 'm leary or ordering another one.Aesthetically the shower head is attractive except the hose is a bit strange . It is just a gray soft plastic hose that was rather stiff but it was nice and long and looked like it would last even though it was a little ugly .
 These entry knobs will open from the inside while locked . This would be okay if it unlocked the knob , but it does n't . My older knobs that I replaced , when locked , would not allow the knob to turn from the inside and outside . You had to unlock them to get out . I see this being a problem for me and a lot of others who go out to check the mail and , not realizing the door knob is locked , come back to find a locked door .
 This lock allows you to open the door from the locked position . If you go out and shut the door the door remains locked and if you do not have the key you are locked out . I would not buy this lock .
 Fast easy purchase and shipped quickly and correctly . However , the hinges and hasp for the lid are just bent pieces of the same molded plastic instead of seperate hardware parts . Results are a much shorter life expectancy of product . Price is low enough that its not worth returning and I gave it to my 3 year old as a toy box . Not recommended for tool box use , but okay for a kid to use as a toy box .
 Schlage has cheapened their knobs in every way conceivable . The metal is thinner , the knobs smaller , the metalwork is shoddy , the lock feels chintzy when you turn it , and on and on . I went out of my way to buy Schlage , thinking it was better than your average lower-priced knob . Boy , was I wrong . I installed three of them to replace knobs with tarnished finishes and had them all off and ready to return by the next night . Save your time and money and get something better . These scream junk !
 I bought this with the yellow Board Buddlies , which are great . However , no instructions came with this , and I could n't see how it was useful , so I just mounted the BB 's to the fence directly . I did n't return the bracket because I did n't want the hassle .
 The product is intended to allow one to mount Board Buddies -LRB- BB -RRB- on a table saw fence equipped with a T-Track . There is a cheap photocopy template that is included with the product that has what look like magic marker semi-round blotches indicating where you are to drill four holes in the plastic block provided . That little ~ 5 '' x 2 '' template manages to contain four problems because of a lack of common sense on the part of the manufacturer : -LRB- 1 -RRB- As mentioned , instead of being clean circles or at least `` X '' 's the five hole locations -LRB- one is for alignment with a predrilled hole in the plastic block -RRB- on the template are inexact , about 1/8 '' diameter , blotches . Simply sloppy . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The text on the template tells you to use a pre-drilled 1/4 '' hole in the plastic block that you will be drilling four holes in to align with a blotch on the template . If you do that and drill the four holes as instructed , you will find that two are misaligned . The template is simply wrong for the placement of the holes in the Board Buddies -LRB- BB -RRB- base . Two of your four screws will go in `` cock-eyed '' , needlessly . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The text on the template tells you to use 1/2 '' long # 8 wood screws . Those screws are too small for the holes in the BB base and , more importantly , too short . You will barely penetrate the plastic block because of the height of the BB base . You can mange with # 8 screws , but they must be at least 3/4 '' long and # 10 's are a better fit . -LRB- Four too-long , for this purpose , 1-1/4 '' # 10 wood screws come with BB 's , by the way . No screws come with this kit . If you do what the template instructions say to do , you buy too short screws . -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- If you do use this template as instructed to drill your four holes , you will find that one of the two thumb screws on the BB base interferes with the use of the large black plastic set knob that is part of this mounting blocks kit . The template has you drill the four holes too close to the pre-drilled hole that is for the bolt that the black plastic knob mounts to.These instructions represent exactly the kind of `` I do n't care '' attitude that has lost the US so many jobs to off-shore production . There is absolutely no excuse for any of the errors on that template . They could ALL be solved in under 30 minutes with just a little thought by the manufacturer .
 These entry knobs will open from the inside while locked . This would be okay if it unlocked the knob , but it does n't . My older knobs that I replaced , when locked , would not allow the knob to turn from the inside and outside . You had to unlock them to get out . I see this being a problem for me and a lot of others who go out to check the mail and , not realizing the door knob is locked , come back to find a locked door .
 Very cute tape measure , and I like the self-locking feature - that 's why I bought it . But the very first day I had it , I pulled the tape out about 10 feet -LRB- did NOT go to the 12 ft limit -RRB- , and it would NOT retract . It just plain broke on it 's first use .
 I work in a frame shop and bought a pair of these . This tape has been used daily , tossed around , dropped , and about everything you can do to a tape measure . The mechanism worked flawlessly -LRB- which I have gotten use to -RRB- ... for about 6 months , until the blade tip snapped off at the first rivet . You usually see this in very old tape measures . Can not find replacement blades so I tossed it . One still works so I gave it two stars instead of one .
 I bought it together with a similar brand , since I was going to keep one for me and give one out as a birthday present.Unfortunatly this pair came with some stitches missing so I had to mend them stright away . If I had been in the States and not abroad I would have returned them . Sorry Wells Lamont . The glove is good looking but the finishing ...
 Inly got 1 star because I could n't give it 0 stars.These lasted one day . Actually about 5 hours before they very think and soft leather between the palm pads ripped.They also run very large . I bought a size smaller than normal and they still felt very loose.Will not buy this brand of glove again .
 I had high expectations for these gloves as I should have being I paid $ 50 for them ! I thought I would finally have a glove that didnt fall apart after a little metal work . I dont use them all day or anything all I use them for is welding and metal shaping at home . Well after a few weeks of use the stiching just fell apart in more than one place ! -LRB- mostly on my right pointer finger -RRB- I was also a it disappointed by the fit as well these gloves run very large , I ordered a medium and they still left a ton of room in the end of the finger and that is my normal size with other mechanics brand gloves . Anyway my recomendation is DONT BUY !! there are much better gloves out there for this price !
 These gloves are very comfortable . They also seem durable , at first.I used these gloves for fabrication at work and after a week of use the stitching wore through and they started coming apart.I am very disappointed in these gloves.I think they should use kevlar thread for a more durable and longer lasting glove .
 I was curious how durable these gloves were since I heard so much about them . They were not all that . They were flexible and allowed me to grasp and move around but they did n't last long . I ripped them in two weeks and had to throw them away . Save your money and buy a different brand .
 For the price of these gloves I would expect something that would last longer . It is a heavy duty glove , but not a good fabricators glove . These gloves lasted about 3 days of fabricating before the fingers blew out ! I usually buy the cheapo harbor freight gloves which actually last longer . For the price I would have expected something that would last longer .
 We purchased this fan to replace a 32 '' whole house direct drive fan . The reasons for replacing the other fan were the loss of heat through the uninsulated louvers and the racket it made when operating.The installation was not very difficult and the insulating door did seal the opening and limited the heat loss.The maunfacturer touted the super quiet operation of this product . NO WAY ! This fan is as noisy as the previous one . We rarely use it . Instead of the sound of a freight train the other fan made , this one sounds like a 747 taking off.If its quiet you want , you do n't want this fan .
 I agree with previous review - no way is this quiet . Fans make way too much noise and with both going the chassis rattle and vibrates.We 've used it twice and its too noisy , we 're pulling it out and looking for a quieter one .
 Easy to install except after installation , cover kept opening and closing when it was turned off . Company suggested replacing the whole fan , but I was able to adjust the limit switch after some time.Company does not honor warranty unless purchased from an approved dealer.This fan is relatively noisy . If having a chainsaw in your bedroom running at high speed does n't bother you , then this should be OK . Otherwise , I would suggest hearing protection or another fan .
 I agree with the other reviews . It 's a horrible product with extremely misleading marketing - advertized as `` quiet '' . I rarely use it , it 's so noisy . Worse , the motor is so cheap , you ca n't put a standard ceiling fan speed controller on it to reduce the speed -LRB- reduce the noise -RRB- AND they do n't make a lower speed replacement motor ... Their `` low and high '' is just one loud fan on high speed or both loud fans on high speed . The engineering is bad enough , I wo n't buy from GAC Materials Corp again .
 The installation of this is pretty easy . The unit comes with a nice video that shows the basics of the install.The fan seems to move enough air but the fan is much too noisy . If your anywhere near the unit you can not have a conversation without having to yell . Even on low the unit is very loud . The fan comes with a high and low setting but low means 1 fan at high speed , high mean both fans at high speed.Also the remote seems to have very limited range , I pretty much have to stand under it for it to work .
 This should not be advertised as quiet . The small diameter high rpm fans make it extremely loud.Other than that , it works as advertised.Because of the noise , I am replacing mine with something quieter .
 Regular size light bulbs will not fit . You need thinner ones to clear a metal bracket . Also , you have to screw the glass cover on blind because you cant see what your doing . When the motor dies good luck finding a replacement .
 The product arrived on time and was fairly easy to install . The only problem is the fans are very , very noisy . I 'm sorry I purchased this product .
 The sound is a bit loud , but I can deal with it . However it is very weak and does not appear to suck out the hot air at all . I would definitely spend more money next time .
 I replaced the builder grade tiny and loud fan with the BFQ140 - and do n't notice much difference in air movement -LRB- feeling around the door , etc -RRB- and it 's way louder than the previous ... Reading the reviews it seems I 'm not the norm - any suggestions as to what I might have done wrong ? FYI
 A truly terrible purchase that I regret . First , the installation bracket is impossible to work with , buy the time I managed to get fan into place the bracket bent and would not snap into place . I was forced to drill holes in the plastic housing to drill into the stud . Despite claims , there is no way to put this in without crawling into the attic . Finally , the air flow is terrible , it barely moves any air , and certainly nothing near the 90 cfm that it claims . Complete waste of money , I will replace shortly and throw away .
 This is a foundation for a future great product , but mine did n't even operate out of the box . Mine had the same problem with the fan mounting bracket as others have reported - so badly bent the cage fan was scraping against the housing . Not bent from shipping , bent as part of the mfg process by some 12 yr old kid with no tools in a 3rd world sweatshop . 20 minutes with a half-dozen Vice Grips and I bent the bracket into an acceptable position , but this thing looks like it was assembled in a mud-floored sweat shop in India.The metal bracket in question was made out of the softest steel I 've ever encountered . The mounting screws also started to strip when tightening them up . They came so loose I could finger tighten them.It 's also not designed very well , with that bracket preventing removal of the fan for cleaning without also uninstalling the metal tabs the screws go through . Also unimpressive , the capacitor screwed onto the motor housing that sticks up so far the grill wo n't seat tight against the ceiling . Why is n't that in the electrical connection box where it belongs ? For that matter , why is the fan housing two pieces that needs 7 screws to hold it together ? It would be trivial to just mold the whole assembly as one monolithic piece and eliminate the need for all of that assembly expense.I 'm not a product designer , but 15 minutes with this and I could think of a half-dozen major improvements , that ironically , would make it cheaper to build , as well as easier to clean and maintain . Broan , where 's your product design team ? This is an invitation to design a better product for any competitor.Oh , it blows well , and is energy efficient . I kept it , but mostly because at the price it was n't worth hasseling with a return , and waiting for another one . A little quality control would go a long way , but it really is just a crap design that is the underlying issue.I would n't buy this product again , nor recommend it to others . I do n't have much faith in the brand anymore either .
 Was looking to replace all 3 fans in bathroom . Typed bathroom fan with light and this shows up . Looking at the Picture , the bright spot in the middle , assumed its light and ordered 3 of them . Go to install , none have light . Looked at details on air king website and it does not mention light . Therefore returning it . Otherwise , no issue with product .
 I bought this bath fan and installed on my basement bath . I bought this as this is a high performance abs powerful bath fan however I did n't realized that this fan is quite noisy and the design does n't allow you to fully secure it onto your ceiling stud , thus when the fan is on iit vibrates .
 I ordered this unit based on other posted feedback . First the good
 I made a mistake buying this item . It will never be used by me in the future . There was no info in the description which clearly showed one would need a reciprical electrical saw to use it . I thought it was a hand tool.This item is for a professional who works on a whole room of tile . I just needed to remove ten tiles in one row.I ended up using a chisel and hammer to complete the job .
 I found the Grout Grabber to be all but useless . First , a proviso
 My husband returned this one immediately . The photo shows that it will do up to 3/4 '' of grout , but that 's only if you buy three of them -LRB- and add them together -- which he did n't do -RRB- . For $ 45 for three , you are better off investing in a much better tool to do the job . I guess if you had a 12 '' spot to redo , this tool might be good for you . However , my husband purchased the Fein Multimaster tool -LRB- that he saw at the same time on TV as an informercial -RRB- for $ 260 and is absolutely AMAZED at the speed and efficiency at which the tool removes grout -- not to mention in a clean and consise manner . It saved him hours and hours worth of tedious work . He initially balked at the price , but now says that the tool is worth it 's weight in gold and would certainly recommend it to anyone needing to remove grout , tile , etc. .
 The grout grabber looks great in theory and would have saved a lot of time removing grout against the wall . I could not manage to keep it in the groove . I tried 2 reciprocating saws and the grout grabber walks all over the place .
 The GG001 tool works okay cutting through grout , but the blades are pretty light duty . I thought it could be used to remove thinset from the back of used tiles and found the GGHDB blade -LRB- s -RRB- was too light duty . Emailed their `` customer service '' to find out if their GG002 blade was heavier duty , since it costs five times more than the GGHDB and received no response . I took a chance and when the -LSB- ... -RSB- dollar shipping blade arrived , it was the same as the GGHDB Blade ! Apparently they give a price break to Home Depot -LRB- as in HDB -RRB- and not to their other distributors . Their `` customer service '' would not confirm this . I 'd check out the Milwaukee grout removal tool , it 's much better quality , less expensive , and I suspect their Customer Service has nothing to hide .
 This product definitely did not work as advertised . The blade was worn out and ineffective before I had even finished the first row of tiles . No doubt that is why this product is available by internet order only . No reputable retail or big box store would want to carry this product and deal with the consumer complaints . Never again !
 I found the Grout Grabber to be all but useless . First , a proviso
 Product worked very well out of the package as described . Was the fastest method I tried for my job . However , the blades did wear down after about 24-28 linear feet of cutting . Did not find this product very cost effective as I was using 3 blades at a time and attempting to rotate them through the blade positions . It is also not a `` dust free '' process . This tool definitely creates dust , although it creates the least of all the methods I did try . I did switch over to a dremel type tool with a diamond grout cutting blade that lasted much longer and was a better option for me as I had a big removal job -LRB- 300 s.f -RRB- I can not recommend the Grout Grabber unless you have a small job such as bathroom floor or shower stall.Was very happy with the service from the Flooring Connection who sold the extra blades for this product .
 I used it to cut out the old grout in my kitchen . I went to buy more grout blades and was shocked at the price , about $ 40 a blade . I do a lot of work around the house and used this Fein MultiMaster 2 or 3 times in 4 years . Now it it just a dust collector . IMO , not worth the money .
 May be fine for very light jobs but will not handle any `` real '' projects . Replacement tools are very expensive and will not handle construction projects . This is more of a `` hobby '' tool . I was very disappointed .
 I was very interested in the MultiMaster after seeing it on TV . so I Googled it an came to these reviews . The postive reviews out weigh the negative reviews but several issues stand out clearly in both that changed my mind to buy the tool . Those issues were high cost of the tool , high cost of the attachments -LRB- most are disposible -RRB- , very limited distribution centers to buy from , limited service centers and high cost of repair should you need it , and the claim by some positive and negative reviewers that this tool does not do all jobs well , tough cutting , tough sanding of large areas only fine cutting and sanding jobs . I agree with some reviewers that after buying the tool you would be locked in to buying very expensive disposibles -LRB- blades , sand paper , etc. -RRB- that would eventually suck you dry . For the pro that really would get a lot of use of the flush cutting features , which it seems that this tool stands out for , it may be a pay-for-itself investment . For a guy like me ; a homeowner and do-it-yourselfer , it believe I could spend my hard earned money elseware where I would get a bigger-bang-for-the-buck .
 Brand new , assembled ... . then I find that the valve does not work . JUNKI Purchased this new at a Sears store and paid about $ 18 thinking I would get the job done and not have to look at it again for about 15 + years . But the problem is in the design . The lever does not press down hard enough on the piston to shut down the flow of water . And there is not way to adjust the piston . So I guess I will go buy a plastic piece of junk , at least they work .
 trap arrived in good shape -- but the trip plate was so that that the squirrels could walk on it and not set if off -- every day the bait was eaten and no squirrels in the trap -- had to do some bending and adjusting to catch any at all -- all in all -- it is poorly made or adjusted
 Bought this item for one purpose to catch some squirels , but whoever build this cage didnt test it properly they would eat the bait and then just vanish . It would not close or even catch it would stay open all the time . I purchase the smaller version that has two doors works much better . Stay away from it go for 2 doors one and dont purchase easy set release its useless !!
 Havahart 1084 Easy Set/Release One Door Cage Trap for Rabbits , Skunks and Large Squirrels 24 x 7 x 7Purchased the trap first week of aug 2009 . It has been sitting in our front yard more than three weeks and still no captive . Rabbits are still picnicking on our lawn . Baits vanished and have to be replaced three times . Apparently the food were eaten or stolen but the trapping mechanism was not triggered nor work . Money wasted !!!! We are highly dissatisfied and unimpressed !!!
 I purchased this trap and found it to be useless when the temperature is below 50 degreees . The least bump or wind would trigger the trap when it is cold . I contacted the manufacturer to see if it could be adjusted and received this reply . `` Dear David , Thank you for contacting us . I would be happy to assist you with this.Unfortunately there is not a way to adjust the sensitivity of this trap . I do apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.If you need further assistance please contact us.Have a great day!Lindsay HeckConsumer Relations RepresentativeWoodstream Corporation
 I bought this and everything looked fine no damage . But after I found out my dad had what I think is a 1089 he was n't using . So I have been using both . So far I have caught 6 squirells and 2 rabbits . I have only caught one squirell with my 1084 . It has also been `` triggered '' mutiple times without any annimals . I do n't know how they did it but they did . I think it might be too short . I also have n't had any trouble both bigger animals getting in there like skunk or raccoon , knock on wood . Maybe it 's all in the bait . But the 1084 is a little easier to set , and release So I would recomend the 1089 over this just my opinion . I did this on my iPhone so I apologize for any typos or grammar issues cause I 'm not going back to correct em .
 Everyone was entertained on Facebook by the adventures of Pepe the skunk for an entire summer because I could NOT trap it . It had taken over a groundhog hole under my house that I neglected to close up right away after getting rid of the groundhog using another trap . Friends started to doubt the skunk really existed because it took so long to trap it . Finally , after a very resourceful friend added a metal spring to the trap , I was able to capture the animal . I had purchased this trap with the easy quick release on top since I did n't want to come face to face with a skunk , but there was n't enough snap when the trap was sprung .
 The design and appearance looks great , but after trying for 3 weeks to catch the rabbits killing my grass -LRB- pee & poop -RRB- I never caught a single rabbit . I did however ... feed the rabbits as some morning I 'd come out and the apples would be gone or mostly eatin from the very back of the trap .
 This is a poorly made product . The adjustments for light direction barely work at all . Gets very hot . I would not recommend this light .
 Precision Products 75 lbs . semi-comm . broadcast spreader . I purchased one . TBS40000PRCGY Model is to small to pull behind garden tractor , the wheel base is to short and will upset , so use the cover . fifty lbs . of pellet lime or ferizler will fill the one i received . not 75lbs . I ended up putting a 41 lb . suitcase weight across the front tubes this made it hold to the ground and not upset with load and the drive wheel will not slide . Handle adjustment is the bright spot of this spreader , sets easy from mower or tractor seat . This spreader will not work even in small yard unless you can put weights on it , and the pipe tubes may not stand this very long . Buddyb
 Looks pretty and went together easy . BUT ! metal was twisted after first use really inferior made unit but it is pretty until used
 I ordered this on a Wednesday at 10AM , and paid about $ 100 for expedited delivery -LRB- the virtually identical Grizzly unit costs ~ $ 5 more , but costs $ 30 less for standard shipping . Unfortunately , we needed it immediately and Grizzly does n't sell expedited service -RRB- . Amazon said it would be here by Friday or Monday . Northern says they finally shipped it on Friday because Amazon did n't give them the order until Thursday . Then they claim that UPS lost the package , but they refused to resend it until the following Wednesday . The package arrived torn and falling apart , and customer service was lackadaisical and defensive instead of helpful . When somebody seems clueless and keeps blaming everyone else for their problems , it seems likely that their just making excuses.Moreover , the shear is n't all that good . It has to be pulled to the left before cutting or the blades will jam into each other . This might have been meant as a safety mechanism , but it 's lousy design practice because the blades could be severely damaged . Mine arrived with a spare bolt and nut that did n't match the others , so I tried looking in the 3 page insert that calls itself a manual . It is useless -LRB- wrong schematic and extremely Spartan description and parts list -RRB- . Costumer support did n't know a thing because `` It 's an import from China so all we know is what 's in the manual '' . I will never buy from this company ever again .
 Absolutely horrible chainsaw . Avoid this thing at all costs . I had a Poulan 14 '' that worked perfectly but needed something just a little heavier so I bought this , biggest mistake ever . It is absolutely impossible to start . Even straight out of the box , the pull cord was stuck , so I sent it back and got another . SAME THING . It 's as if they purposely catch the cord at the factory . So I opened it up , freed the cord and it started up . But when I needed to restart it after moving brush that I had just cut , the cord was jammed again ! So what Poulan ? I have to disassemble the chain saw after every start ?
 Paid $ 150 at Tracor Supply and I 'm hoping to recover $ 75 by selling it on craiglist less than a year later.Pros : CheapCons : Ridiculously hard to startChain will not stay tight -LRB- and the nuts that have to be wrenched to tighten it will not take a socket because the plastic cover is poorly designed and in the way -RRB- Chain dulls after 30 minutes of useHolds only about a cup of gas so it only runs for about 15 minutes before refillI only needed a light duty saw for felling the occasional tree and cutting it up for the camp fire , but this saw is not even suitable for that . If you can only afford $ 150 for a chain saw , try to borrow one instead . With this thing you will be out $ 150 and still needing to spend $ 300 on a usable tool .
 I should have known better . I 've had a contractors license and buying good tools is the first rule for a professional.I saw this at Walmart for $ 125 , everything included , plastic case , oil , etc. . I was going camping in a couple days and figured I 'd take a shot.I used it to cut firewood for our home and on several camping trips.First the oiler went . Then the motor quit . I finally quit messing with it and dropped it off at Goodwill.Save your money . Buy a real chainsaw . I had the opportunity more than once to be cutting firewood with friends who used Sthils and Huskys . That 's when you learn the difference , not in the store.The one positive I can say about this saw - you 'll learn how to keep the chain sharp -LRB- or else you 'll burn the little turkey out ! -RRB-
 This chain saw is the biggest piece of junk that i have ever owned . I bought this saw 14 months ago and it is shot . I will never own another Poulan or Electrolux product again .
 Plastic start/off lever . Plastic choke lever fits loosely . Plastic reset lever.Poor design , has the foot pad on the right side so you have to use your left hand to start it - MOST OF THE WORLD IS RIGHT HANDED POULAN!I used it everyday for a week and a half and then the clutch went out on it . Chain wo n't move now so I have to go out and buy another chain saw.You can bet it wo n't be a Poulan ...
 Worked for 20 minutes and have been trying to get it serviced for the last several weeks . Looks like I may have missed the window to return this piece of festering poop .
 I HATE this chainsaw.Poor design , crappy plastic breaks on it . I used it for a month and then the clutch went out on it . Like other raters , my chain wo n't move now so I have to go out and buy another chain saw.WORST MONEY I EVER SPENT ON SOMETHING.I ended up spending twice as much on this Makita , but it was completely worth it.http : / / www.amazon.com/Makita-DCS510-18-Commercial-18-Inch-2-Stroke/dp/B000TML120/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&s;=home-garden&qid;=1260542592&sr;=8-5
 -LRB- My review is for the yellow Poulan Pro version that seems to have been discontinued , but upon inspection I believe it to be essentially the same saw . -RRB- I purchased this saw in the spring from one of the big-box stores and have used it several times . I 've taken out two fairly large -LRB- 14 '' + diameter -RRB- trees on my property along with several small ones . Like one of the other reviewers , I found that the chain needs constant adjustment . I realize that a new saw needs this more than one that 's broken in , but it 's still too much . Also , the starter pulley kept sticking on me , leaving the cord hanging out , and it 's a huge pain to fix -LRB- the pulley is cheap plastic -RRB- . When it works , the saw cuts fine . It starts reasonably easily and has plenty of power . The saw is fairly easy to handle and has decent ergonomics for occasional use , even light firewood-cutting . However , it 's cheaply made and evidently can not stand up to even moderate use . Sure , it 's less expensive than a Stihl or Husqvarna with similar specs and features , but it 's MUCH less saw quality-wise . Also , buying from a chain store with no service makes it a major pain when yours breaks , as mine did.I ended up severely damaging the saw -LRB- my fault , not the saw 's -RRB- and instead of fixing it , I decided to purchase a new one . This time around I 'll spend the extra dough for a Stihl , from a dealership that can actually work on it .
 Plastic everything . Console broke when I tightened screw . Chain bar needs constant adjustment . Starter cord often jams and you have to take it apart to free the cord . Rarely starts cold . Chain kicks off all the time , as the bar does not hold steady . Choke slips and does not hold position at full and half choke . This is the epitome of cheap junk thrown together . I have spent more time fixing and trying to start this piece of junk than I have cutting . This is a cheap saw but adds credence to the ole saying
 I received the Poulan P4018WT `` Wild Thing '' gas chainsaw as a gift last Christmas and have used it a total of 10 times , the reason being it WO N'T START most of the time ! This is the hardest starting gas chainsaw I have ever used . It was obviously cheaply made . Poulan should be ashamed . DO N'T waste your money on this piece of junk !!
 This is a terribly designed chainsaw . I have had the same issue of constantly having to adjust the chain . In order to have the proper tightness of the chain , the bar literally has to hit the clutch drum sprocket . And the chain brake is just stupid . The clutch never disengages . The drum is held `` tight '' by a tension ring . This bogs the motor down and makes the saw shut off when the brake is engaged . If you know any thing about chainsaw safety you know that the brake should be on anytime you are not making a cut . Oh , and the brake does n't even hold after you 've used the saw for a few months . Do n't waste your money . Go buy a Stihl MS250 . I use one on a daily basis at work . I 'm also on an Emergency Road Clearing Crew . We have 3 Stihls ...
 When I first purchased this saw I thought it was a great saw . It was good for a few small trees . Was a bit hard to start but I did not have much experience with chainsaws so it seemed like a good saw . If you are a once a year trimmer for fallen trees this saw will work OK but if you have WOOD to cut for heating I would advise not buying this saw.Last year I tried to cut some 18 + logs with it and it took for ever to cut the logs . I had to cut about 4 cords and it took a long time to cut stuff up . I barrowed a friends saw and it made this wildthing look like a toy . His saw convinced me to buy a real saw.The key is dealer support . If you have a problem with the saw who will fix it ? If you get it on line you can not just take it in and have it fixed.There are some great makers out there and if you buy from them you will get a real nice saw for maybe $ 100 bucks more than a wildthing but you get dealer support . This wildthing is a throw away saw so when it breaks chances are it is not worth the money to fix it . The best way to find a realy nice saw is to get onto some of the logger sites and follow their advice because they use them everyday and can match you with saw that will meet your needs . I am very happy with my new saw based soly on their recomendations.That being said here is my review of the wildthing . Great cheap saw for trimming once for twice a year . So what is the difference between this saw and a saw meant for cutting firewood . The wildthing has a very small chain with very small cutters . This makes the saw very safe for the first time user but the teeth only can remove small pieces of wood . That is why it takes so long to cut . The bar is too long for the power of the saw . I thought they would not have a long bar unless it had the power to pull the chain . There trick is putting on a chain that has very small teeth . It is sometimes very difficult to start . If it was warm and sat for more than 10 min . it would simply not start . This saw vibrates the crap out of you . When I would finish cutting my hands would tingle . Real saws have springs that seperate the motor from the handles . My new saw has the vibration of a leaf blower which is very smooth . My oiler started leaking very badly and at that point I was ready for a real saw .
 Well , you get what you pay for . And if you pay for this Poulan `` Wild Thing '' you are buying frustration and little else . This saw cuts well ... when you can start it and keep it running . Just do n't try to restart it when it is warm . You have to wait a couple hours until it cools down completely . The choke wo n't stay in place . The idle screw does not hold - I have to continuously adjust the idle . The chain/bar oil plug vibrated loose . I lost the plug , oil spilled all over my pants leg and boot . The replacement plug I ordered from Poulan cost a fortune . The fuel tank only holds enough gasoline for , at most , 15 minutes of cutting -LRB- if you can get the saw started in the first place -RRB- and then you have to wait a couple hours until the engine completely cools before you can restart it . Do n't buy this product . Shame on Poulan for marketing such junk . And they call it the Poulan `` Easy Start '' chainsaw !
 This piece of junk would NEVER idle - had to be constantly restarted . Leaked oil all the time . Broke the SECOND time I used it . It 's a $ 150 paperweight . Called the local Poulan authorized service center - they said that they were not currently repairing Poulan , because they seem to have trouble getting paid by Poulan . They also said that they are all made the same way - J-U-N-K . Never again .
 All of us have experienced the old adage `` you get what you pay for . '' Unfortunately , I keep deceiving myself into thinking that `` this time will be different . `` Wrong ... again.Why I expected a $ 150 chainsaw to be sufficient for my general yard-work needs is just another demonstration of my own idiocy.I 've had the 18 '' `` Wild Thing '' for roughly a year now , and have `` used '' it many times to fell trees , cut up fallen trees and branches , and take off some larger branches as well . If your needs are very modest -- like cutting off 3-inch branches or felling very small trees , then the `` Wild Thing '' might service you satisfactorily . Starting the saw can be hit-or-miss . About half the time it starts quickly -- from around 10-15 pulls for cold-starting with choking , where the other half of the time becomes a battle between the saw and your personal stamina -LRB- the saw usually wins -RRB- . Power is very anemic . I tried it out on an 18-inch tree and some larger fallen branches and it is very easily over-matched . I went through three chains this weekend , not because they were dull but because they keep falling off , and yes they 're installed and tensioned correctly . The bar height is simply too small/thin . It had an impossible time cutting up a medium-size pine in my yard that had succumbed to high winds.Solution ? I went and purchased a Husqvarna 455 Rancher , and after 30 minutes the difference is painfully clear . It went through the 24-inch stump like the proverbial hot knife through butter . It 's three times the price , but I get the feeling that the 455 will be my last chainsaw for quite a while.So , for VERY minor tasks , if you can get it started , the cheap , plastic `` Wild Thing '' might function satisfactorily . However , since you just never know what you will ask of it , I ca n't recommend it . Do n't cheap out -- skip the cheap consumer Poulans and get a Husqvarna , Echo , or Stihl . You 'll immediately realize you made the right decision .
 I have to agree with most of the other reviews here . This has to be the worse saw on the market . I did n't get an entire tank of gas through this saw before it stopped working . Started fine and ran great but the chain just stopped turning . I 'm not sure if the chain brake broke or what happened , it went back the next day . I bit the bullet and bought a Husqvarna . On the good side the retailer gave me 10 % off the new saw for my troubles .
 I recently bought this from a local hardware store . Initially , I was very pleased with it . I had no problems with starting the saw and it felt good ergonomically . After using it a couple of times , I had plenty of problems with the chain coming off . I keep having to adjust the chain , put the chain back on , etc. . . This last weekend , I somehow jammed up the cylinder so the sprocket wo n't even turn . I ended up using a bow saw ; it took about the same time . Next time , I will spend the extra money for a good saw -LRB- Stihl , Husky , etc. -RRB- .
 Idles nicely , but is very hard to start when the engine is cold ! Needs to be primed multiple times between attempts . Very frustrating , especially in the fall abd winter when then engine cools back down even while refueling .
 Do n't waste your money on the Poulan Wild Thing . It wo n't idle well and has to be restarted constantly . Forget trying to use it off the ground on a ladder . It has to be started and restarted just like it has a cold engine each time . Believe me it is so complicated to start you will wish you had never purchased it . I only give this product a one because I ca n't go any lower and still write a review .
 The saw was priced at $ 139.00 . With supersaver shipping that would have been ok . But I messed up . I clicked on ` one-click ' . And hour or so later I realized that I had made a mistake . I checked and suddenly my cost was $ 158.00 due to shipping and handling . The saw was n't worth that and I could n't afford the $ 139 . Plus the saw is worth about $ 125.00 , and w/shipping and handling it would approach $ 139.00 . But since it got messed up , I tried to cancel , but no , too late they said . Balogna . Oh , this was on Saturday , and it was reported to be due here by Monday . Liars . It did n't even ship until Monday . It made me sick . I could have gone to walmart for $ 158.00 and been back in 20 minutes with the same saw . And it is HOT outside . It makes me mad . I may be done with Amazon dot com . If I had gone for the super saver shipping , it would have been open to cancelation for three days before they even pulled the order . Plus they said I would be charged for canceling , but that it would be refunded in two days . It had better.BTW , I already have one of these saws . It quit . And it is so low mileage that it is practically new . The fuel lines fell apart already , and the carb mount chipped , essentially allowing an air leak causing it to fail . But I decided to purchase one for back up anyway . And interchangable parts meant something to me too .
 I have had this chain saw for about a year and have had nothing but trouble with it . It is so difficult to just get it started that by the time it does start , I 'm ready for a break before I even cut anything . Even after it starts and is warmed up , it sometimes stops suddenly and is difficult to start again . Yes , I am following the directions . To make things worse , the pull rope sometimes gets stuck when you pull it out and wo n't retract so there you are , poking at the wheel with a screwdriver or stick so it will free itself and you can pull it again and watch it not start - good times . I have been so mad at this piece of junk that I have tossed it in the garbage twice on separate occasions only to get it out and not accept defeat . Now it 's personal ! It starts just long enough to get my hopes up before it stops again . I 've had periodic success for about an hour before but overall , I would rather get punched in the groin instead of trying to cut with this saw . Oh , and you need the tool just to open the gas cap because it 's so tight that all you do is curse and twist to no avail if you try by hand . At least they made it so you can remove the cap with the tool - good luck putting the cap back on because it is just as tight going on and the tool only works to remove it - Bravo Poulan engineers ! So , in conclusion , if you are super bad and laugh at pit bulls while they maul your genitalia , then you are just the right kind of person for this chain saw .
 Just look at the reviews ... 50 % are a 1 !! ** It is an obvious crap shoot if you buy this product . ** 50/50 chance of getting one with nothing but problems . even the reviews with 4 stars say things like the pull start jams . etc. . . The chain tensioner will need constant attention ! Even with constant attention the chain will occasionally pop off . The auto braking mechanism will cause you trouble , and they are pretty annoying to start and keep running .
 If you only need to cut two trees in the whole life of this saw , by all means , buy it . But if you may need to use it more , turn your nose up at it . This is the second one I 've had , because I thougt the first one was just a piece . They are mostly plastic , the chain oil tank is just a cavity between the two halves of the plastic body , prone to leak . The engine is ok , but the carbuerator is a cheap chinese made piece of junk -LRB- zama brand -RRB- that has to be rebuilt or adjusted with a special tool almost every time it is used . The caps for fuel and oil are course plastic threaded so after removing them a couple of times they rag out and need to be removed and put on with a pair of pliers , the magneto is held in with screws that go through plastic so they rag out ... Over all a good doorstop , horrible chainsaw .
 I bought this chainsaw at Home Depot in 2006 on a black Friday sale for $ 100 . After using it for ten minutes , the starter mechanism crapped out . Sometimes it helps to knock on it but most of the time I have to take that part apart to make it usable anymore . After about an hour of use the carburetor died . A plug inside the carb came out and it could not be fixed . I ordered a brand new carburetor for it but it still does not run . STAY AWAY from this tool !
 I had this saw for about two years and used it a total of about 30 minutes . I have used a lot of chainsaws -LRB- Stihl , Husky , Echo , Dolmar , and others -RRB- . This is the worst chainsaw I have ever had -- poor balance , erratic running , everything of very poor quality . Get something else . I just threw mine in the garbage .
 This product is a total joke , do n't waste your money . The laser ball is held in place by replacable peel off stickers which do n't hold the ball in place ... and when you run out of the dozen or so that they give what do you do next ???
 It looks like it should be a great product . The laser ball thing is kinda cool -LRB- though I dont have much need for it . -RRB- What I really need is a stud finder . This product is nice , compact , and cheap . Unfortunately , it only finds the studs about 30 % of the time . So , if you want a stud finder that finds some studs some of the time , this is for you ! If you want a stud finder that reliably finds studs , keep looking.As you may guess , I am returning the product .
 I searched for a long time on Amazon for the right vanity , countertop , sink , and faucet and found one that looked just like this . I was so excited . Except it was n't available directly through Amazon . I clicked some more and found this seller . I thought it was the same supplier as what Amazon would sell . First off , they charge me taxes even though they were listed in another state ! Okay - one star off . Then I received the items and had the plumber try to install it ... No faucet ! What the hell ? I checked back on my order , the picture indicated it but the product description makes no mention of it -LRB- with or without -RRB- . So I guess it 's my bad ... still ... another star off for being deceptive . So now , I have a vanity installed , it looks good even though the poor instructions sent the plumber and my husband into a swearing storm for the whole day . We had to cut the lower drawer because it would n't work with the p-trap kit placement . Warning - the height description is off . The counter is 35 &#34; and the bowl is in addition to that . So if you have a large recessed mirror cabinet above the vanity it like we do , it 's going to cause you more trouble -LRB- especially when you order a new faucet like I did -RRB- . So one star on for it looking good and two more stars off for it being a pain to install and having to wait for a faucet to have a working bathroom again . Luckily , we have another bathroom . Otherwise , I may give them negative stars .
 When they were knew , the duration of light was barely adequate , but it was good enough to use in an emergency . Back then , I would get a few minutes of decent light for a minute of light cranking -RRB- . Within a few short years , they got worse ; I know this because I tested them periodically . Now , I get less than 30 seconds of dim light for a minute of vigorous cranking , making them useless .
 I bought two of these , they were great the first week , after that no matterhow much I wound them , they did not and still do not work . Total waste of money .
 Got as a gift . One week later , you crank for a minute and light only lasts for three minutes . Other reviewers state that there is an internal rechargable battery - I assume it 's defective . Will try to return this .
 Seeing these flashlights in the store and observing how bright the light emitted from them was , coupled with the smooth cranking mechanism for the hand generator implied quality and a GREAT emergency flashlight . The package states NO Battery to replace also . I bought 2 packages of them -LRB- each package contained 2 flashlights -RRB- . Well , these flashlights are NOT good for an emergency flashlight at all . I use one of these flashlights and left the others in the package they came in and NEVER touched them . The one I do use does NOT give anywhere near 45 minutes of light for the one minute they tell you to crank the flashlight crank handle to achieve that much time of light . MUCH , MUCH worse than that though is the fact that if you do n't crank this flashlight up maybe weekly -LRB- package does not tell you this , but package does tell you there is NO BATTERY to replace -RRB- , that the battery that is inside drains out on it 's own and you are left with a battery that WILL NOT charge really at all !!! It has a small Lithium type battery inside it and if you know anything at all about Lithium type batteries then you know that one of the WORST things to do to one is allow it to completely drain out . IT RUINS THE BATTERY !!! If you desired to have one of these flashlights say in the glove compartment of your car , or cars as emergency lights , then you 'd most likely find that you did n't have light when you needed it from these flashlights !!! WHO IS GOING TO REMEMBER to crank your flashlights once a week ? I wish companies who produce NEW PRODUCTS would fully test them before offering them for sale to the public first !!!!! Perhaps if they had made it so the battery was removable from the flashlight when not in use would work ??? At any rate I can not recommend this flashlight as a DEPENDABLE one . Buy at your own risk !!!!! Additional follow up info
 I just had the same experience as most of the negative reviewers here . Bought these a few years ago at Costco . Package has a window thru which you can crank one of the flashlights as a demonstration . I tried it out briefly and then put the package in our emergency preparedness kit under the kitchen counter.Last night I `` participated '' in the Great San Diego Power Blackout of 2011 . A few hours after it began , the stuffed suits at SDG&E ; issued a statement that citizens should `` implement your family emergency preparedness plan immediately '' . `` OK , we 're prepared '' , I thought . -LRB- I have other `` preparedness '' stuff . -RRB- I cranked one of our flashlights for a minute and it only burned for a few seconds . Then I tried the other one , which had never been used at all . Same result . So I cranked them for over a minute as fast as I could
 These things are an absolute joke ! Even when new they would not hold a charge for more than 2-3 mintues after 1 minute of cranking . And now that they are older , it is 30 seconds of use after 2 minutes of cranking ! Great idea but the product stinks !
 I bought one of these a couple years ago and was excited to have a flashlight that `` has no batteries to replace ! just wind to charge '' . Unfortunately what I and many users have found , was that once the internal battery is discharged , no amount of cranking would ever charge it again . Yes you could crank it and it would light , but it would not hold a charge for more than a few seconds . If the internal batter should not be fully discharged , then there should have been circuitry to prevent that from happening . There are a number of reviews on various sites that complain about this issue . I do n't know if newer models have fixed this or not.The emergency flasher is not very useful.The crank handle does not lock into the main body and tends to flop around.The unit seems to be made of fairly sturdy plastic and should not be damaged by normal wear including short drops .
 I enjoy no longer having to search for batteries to make the flashlight work . I do not enjoy cranking for a full minute and only getting 3 minutes worth of light . 1 minute of cranking does NOT give you 1 hour of light . I would suggest another brand .
 Those who rated this flashlight so highly will have a VERY different opinion in time . It seems that everytime the battery is charged , it remains charged for a shorter period of time . Eventually you will have to crank nonstop because the battery will hold no charge at all . That is my experience .
 Yeah , it looks like a Star Trek Phaser but that 's where the fun ends . Upon purchasing my 2 pack from Costco , I thought I 'd do some consumer testing to see if it 's claims are true ... The package says you get 45 minutes of light from one minute of cranking . `` Well , let 's see , '' I thought ... So I turned one on and let it burn down . I was extremely happy that it took over an hour to burn down . I thought that they had conservatively underrated the device and was very pleased by that . Then I cranked it up ... I cranked it for a little over a minute at the rate of about 1 rev per second and let it burn down again . The light was very dim in about three minutes . I was shocked . So I cranked it faster , at about two to three RPS for over two minutes . -LRB- By the way , that 's much harder than you may think ! -RRB- The light was dim in about seven minutes.Remember when you were a kid and ordered something from the back of a kids magazine that sounded really cool ? Remember how it was nothing like it 's description ? Well , unfortunately , this is that .
 In the store this flashlight looked great ; super bright white light . I could n't believe how bright it was . Enjoy it while it lasts because you 'll never see it super bright like that again.These come two in a package . I left one new and ran the other one down . Instructions say only one minute of cranking gets you charged back up . This is just not true . One minute of cranking will produce some light but that is not even close to the brightness of the flashlight fresh out of the package . I cranked for a full ten minutes , until my arm became tired , and the brightness only reached about a one-third of what it was in the store.This product is a fraud . Do n't believe me ? Try a pair yourself ; just make sure you save the receipt .
 I agree with the person who wrote that this flashlight does n't run as expected . My parents purchased this light maybe 3 or 4 years ago and it worked back then but we did n't use it . Currently it only works when I crank it which is n't the way it should work . I took it apart and inside is the basic gears + generator + lights + -LRB- 1.5 v watch battery -RRB- . Now what is this battery doing here ? I am thinking it powers the lights although the hand crank can also power the lights too . I do n't think it was designed to hold a charge at least for very long .
 The Versapak never worked on our Dustbuster , the batteries would never charge right , so I had to use my husband 's cordless screwdriver battery charger once a week to get the batteries up and running again . I should have returned it right away , but did n't . My family has used Dusbuster for years and have found all their other products to be excellent . However , the incorporation of the Versapak did nothing for that reputation . Spend less and use the 7.2 V model V7210 .
 The vacuum works just fine , the attachments are useful , but the charger did n't work when I bought it . I called the toll-free number and they told me how to make the charger work by pulling the contacts out , which I did , but it wo n't stay fixed . The contacts are flimsy and need to be redesigned.I wish I had taken it back when it first did n't work . It 's not worth the irritation .
 I purchased one of these mailboxes 3 years ago from Home Depot , and I 've had enough . I 'm on Amazon looking for a new mailbox , and it really frosts me to see this one here.First off , the opening to my mailbox faces west . When there 's a driving rain from the west , the mail gets wet . Fail # 1 . If I 'm not around immediately after a driving rain , and the mail gets wet , ants decide to move into the mailbox . Fail # 2 . If I take my time getting around to the ants , and it 's late summer/early fall , yellowjackets were able to get in , and build a nest . Final fail.I want my mailbox to protect my mail from the elements . If it ca n't do that , why would I want it as a mailbox ? Key or not , it does n't keep my mail safe .
 I liked the looks of this unit , plus it looked like it would be real easy to install on any post . But , the magnet to hold the door shut is placed in such a way that when the mail carrier tried to insert some of our weekly ad mailings -LRB- we get them two time weekly -RRB- , they caught on the magnet and ripped . Larger items and the magnet closer do not like each other . I sent it back and am ordering something else . I can not reccomend this mailbox to anyone .
 I own this mailbox and am planning to replace it . The door is easily pulled opened by the criminals with their bare hands . You can easily rebend the locking tab and use it again , to give yourself a false sense of security . The ability to grab the door with your bare hands is a fatal design flaw . The positive side is that you know that your mail has been stolen . It does deter the casual passerby from checking your mailbox . Save yourself the time and do not purchase this mailbox , because you will want to replace it .
 1 . Entire top is plastic . Easily broken into . Turns yellow after weathering .2 . After a couple of years , bottom and corners are completely rusted .3 . Steel door is mounted on plastic brackets . Hence easily broken into , makes no sense at all.Look elsewhere as there are much better mailboxes in same price range .
 it would be nice if you would state the size of the product , do you actually sell items that do n't explain everything about the product . good luck
 This item was very different from the picture . It was a cheep material like a paper . I should 've purchased just simple white plastic one . Now I ca n't return this because it 's not worth spending shipping cost .
 At 4 times the price of the other plastic one , I believed this was real metal . Not only is it plastic , but the silver coating hangs over at the edges -LRB- not trimmed well -RRB- and looks awful . Not worth the price .
 I have done finish carpentry for thirty five years , and for twenty five of those I have used a Schlage lock gig.Thought it was time to update , you know round corner faceplates and all.Well , do n't waste your time or money.This tool is the worst I have tried in some time!It will not hold to the door unless you tighten so tight it will crush the door.The 2 1/8 bit I do n't think would cut through butter.I did not try the faceplate cutters , but they look good !
 I bought this unit and the adaptor broke the first time I tried using it . I contacted Kwikset twice but have received no response . I 'm sorry I bought it , but at over $ 200 I assumed I 'd be buying something substantial , especially with the Kwikset brand name . I would n't recommend this or , based on the non response from Kwikset , any other dealings with this company .
 Just too loud . Do n't put in bedroom or tv room . Cadet Register Plus much quieter.Cadet Register Plus Heater - 120 Volts , 500/1000/1500 Watts , Model # RMC151W
 It gets two stars because it works like it is suppose to , but it is really very quite , and I had to adjust the the striker and the throw to get it to sound like a bell . Really poor sounding still , the striker is made from a really soft metal and it just ca n't hit the bell hard enough and it bends out of shape rather quickly .
 I bought this bell hoping it would be loud enough to hear in my shop over the other noise , but it would not work , so I ended up installing a smaller bell , which worked fine . Probably should have returned it but it seemed like too much trouble at the time . Should be a no star item .
 This bell is very loud when used with a 16vac transformer . When rung it shakes so much the cover pops off every time . The punch-out for the wires is more like a cut out with a grinder .
 The bell does not ring it buzzes . In addition to making an unpleasant sound it is not very loud even when mounted on wood .
 Three weeks after I ordered this lamp , it arrived at my house with the glass shade broken . After talking to three different people on the invoice , they agreed to send me a replacement shade . Two weeks later that arrived -- broken ! I took a picture , and they agreed to send me another one . That one arrived intact -LRB- again , two weeks later -RRB- , but it is almost impossible to get a new shade on , as you have to flex the metal without breaking the glass . As I was trying to perform this task , under the pressure of the metal , the glass shade BROKE ! They can keep their money -- I 'm not wasting any more time with them .
 I was a little disappointed when receiving this lamp . I thought for $ 75 I would get a decent lamp . The texture on the metal was a little rough-made than I thought . Instead , I bought a different one from Amazon.Golden Brass Desk lampIt is lower price but the quality is a LOT better . Highly recommend the other one from Amazon instead .
 Quite a presentable table lamp except the glass shade is too thin & very fragile . Will be a preferred to buy item if the glass is not fragile & easily break .
 Switch broke in 3 months . Paint color is cheap . Would not recommend . Very disappointed in this purchase ...
 I was a little disappointed when receiving this lamp . I thought for $ 75 I would get a decent lamp . The texture on the metal was a little rough-made than I thought . Instead , I bought a different one from Amazon . Golden Brass Desk lamp from Conoco piano lampsBaroque White Desk / Piano LampIt is lower price but the quality is a LOT better . Highly recommend the other one from Amazon instead .
 Worthless , the glass is n't deep enough to cover the fixture . So you can see the metal housing and socket from the side and bottom . Paper thin metal , no quality at all , there should be a law against selling junk like this , and any fixtures like it . One actually arrived shattered because of horrible packaging .
 good afternoon , I did indeed purchase this lamp but received improper packing totally unlocks the lamp so I could not use it . I wonder who I am liable for such loss
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 Worthless , the glass is n't deep enough to cover the fixture . So you can see the metal housing and socket from the side and bottom . Paper thin metal , no quality at all , there should be a law against selling junk like this , and any fixtures like it . One actually arrived shattered because of horrible packaging .
 good afternoon , I did indeed purchase this lamp but received improper packing totally unlocks the lamp so I could not use it . I wonder who I am liable for such loss
 Fitting 's for pipes is not right . Not much luck from the company as ALL THE PHONE NUMBERS ARE NO LONGER IN SERVICE . Not happy after shelling out a grand . WILL GIVE THEM ONE MORE CHANCE TO REDEEM THEMSELVES .
 Oh man is this lantern a far cry from what I grew up with at summer camp . It is half the size and less than half the weight of what I consider to be a real hurricane lamp . Very poor construction . The only reason I am not giving it a single star rating is because I 'm not surprised and I got what I paid for . I do n't have to throw it away , but I 'll only reach for it in an absolute emergency .
 This is NOT a cold blast hurricane/outdoor lantern as it 's looks would have you think . The air intake chambers on the side are not even functional . The air intake is directly under the wick . The result ? ... this thing blows out in any kind of medium wind . Here is the best part of the lamps qualities ... it leaks . It does n't just leak a little , it leaks a LOT . When filled to the point where the fake air chambers connect to the fuel tank , at that spot is where the kerosene pours out . If you are walking with it while it is lit , care must be taken to not allow the kerosene/fuel to slosh around or it will spill out the leak hole . As leak holes go , it is a real good one that V&O supplied as a no cost option . I have given up on all Chinese made hurricane style lanterns as not ONE of of the three I have purchased are true hurricane/outdoor lanterns & two of the 3 leak . I am going to purchase proven high quality GERMAN made Feuerhand hurricane oil lamps .
 This is a scaled down version of the original Hurricane Lanterns , which makes it look like the real thing.Pitiful , simply pitiful . A true waste of good money.Alas , I can only be thankful that the person who bought this item for me , did not buy me SIX of them as I had ` wished ' for.Don ' t waste your hard earned money on this .
 Arrived fine and worked fine for a month , but over time it develops a leak in the bottom seams and oil flows out slowly . Fine for decoration , but do not put oil in it !
 These lamps are china made and not worth it at half the price . I purchased eight to use outdoors on my deck during the summer . Two leaked like a sieve as soon as they were filled and dripped flammable oil all over my deck . The metal is so poorly fit that there are cracks between the base and the arms that support the glass and top , and the oil just drips and drips . Of course once filled with a flammable substance -LRB- that has dripped all over the outside of the lamp -RRB- , they ca n't be mailed back so I ended up throwing them away . I expect the that if the other six do n't spring a leak before the end of the season I will be lucky . I will probably just throw the remainder away even if they last that long , and look for something of higher quality for next year -LRB- or maybe sooner -RRB- . Certainly do n't purchase these to use inside your home . I give them one star because you ca n't go any lower .
 As the title states , this product is extremely poorly put together . The metal is thin -LRB- in the parts that are metal -RRB- , the container is a pain to fill -LRB- and it leaks -RRB- , and the glass is thin -LRB- it broke within two uses -RRB- . Mine is now in the trash can .
 I ordered the lamp under the premise that it would function like the ones I used as a child while camping . Unfortunately , those days of quality are gone . The coating is of the lamp -LRB- not paint -RRB- is applied haphazardly and unevenly . I filled the lamp with oil per the instructions and it started to leak from where the base of the lamp meets the body and not in one spot , but along the entire seam . Save yourself the hassle and go with a name brands that has proven quality .
 These taps are not what i expected . The threads were put on the tap , then the slots were cut for the metal shavings.The threads were filled up with the metal that was pushed out when the slots were cut . They did not even try to clean the threads up . The threads also had nicks on them where they were banged together before the were hardened .
 Shame on me for not reading the return policy first , so I 'll know better next time . I understand a restocking fee , but 25 % . Ridiculous . I wo n't be ordering from this supplier again . Lesson learned the hard way . The product appeared to be fine , but because I returned it without even removing from the box , I ca n't speak about quality of the product .
 As any one knows palms need magnesium and These fertilizer sticks have none they are basically just for normal house plants .
 Again . . This doesent work-I do n't know how much fertilier is in each spike-I perfer the regular fertilizer to prevent waste and for measuring .
 I was quite surprised to learn that the filter is not designed to be water sealed . While the installation direction clearedly says that it is required to apply Teflon tape , it still feels like a 19th centry technolodgy . On the bright side , a small scroll of the said tape is included in the package.The installation is easy and simple . Unfortunately , when we attached our shower head back and tested it for the first time , the filter could not sustain the water pressure and broke into two pieces . Luckily the only casualty was our light bulb.Item returned without much of discussion . I hope this company 's got a good return policy .
 I bought two . Tried to install the first one , over-tightened and broke . Tried to install the second , being extra careful not to over-tighten it -- it would either leak or break . Buy a different filter .
 The construction of this mini-flashlight is very solid ... however the beam produced is exceedingly weak , and the on/off mechanism is a rotary switch . So , take your pick ... good construction , good price , bad design with a conventional mini-bulb -LRB- no LED -RRB- . Altogether , a good last-resort clipper for the wallet chain or breast pocket .
 I like everything about this light EXCEPT the bulb ! Come on MAG get with the program and start putting LED bulbs in all your flashlights . These lights are too well made to put such a dim old-fashioned bulb inside .
 I bought one of these , thinking to include it into a small emergency kit . . When I finally received , got really disappointed . If you 're even intending to get as a key ring for finding the key hole on the door , better go for a cheap chinese flashlight . . It will be without doubt brighter than this one !!! The light of my cellphone goes brighter !!!! . . Still , this one looks pretty . . Useless . . But pretty !
 So dissatisfied . I never used anything so dull . These should not be called cutters . I use online order to save shopping time - who has time to bother with returns . I feel so rippped off .
 The wrong set was sent . Although the invoice contained the correct model number , the box clearly identified the included set as a passage lock rather than the privacy lock I ordered . Additionally , the handle was dented . The denting may have happened during transit , but I was unable to determine this with an certainty .
 After drilling a few hole in some mild steel the bit started getting dull . I thought for sure this would do the job.Needless to say I was disappointed .
 The description of this tool should be changed and made clearer . I was expecting a totally different tool than I received .
 The product description says `` This chrome plated Metal Shower arm and flange assembly is used to replace existing arm and flange assemblies in the shower . '' THERE IS NO FLANGE !!! It 's just the shower arm.I got 5 , and I 'm mad at this waste of my time , money , and energy .
 I 've had this unit for about 4 months and just today had to take it in for service . I was making trim in a router table and -LRB- unknown to me -RRB- it overheated . Apparently there is n't any sort of thermal protection built into the motor.Even after cooling it off , it ran at 1/3 speed drawing about twice the normal amount of current . Internal inspection -LRB- forgetting for a moment that bit about disassembly by unauthorized service centers -RRB- revealed fairly severe pitting of the commutator in several places.In short , DeWalt would have been wise to include a thermal cutout .
 Poor overall construction.Seems impossible to install.I will be returning this product.Differcult to insert light.Do not see a way to secure main bolt because it is inside lamp .
 Please note ... . I attempted to install the unit on my vintage unisaw on either side . It fits my saw but The router hits either the motor cover or tilt crank . I am working on some type of width extender to get me the clearance required to use it .
 I do n't know how it happened but my order ended up going through BIC without Prime shipping . After 6 days shipping I ended up with a PG100 which is useless to me . The gauge that arrived seems well made so it gets a couple of stars but BIC should get one star for delivery time and order accuracy and amazon should get one start for running it through BIC in the first place .
 I would n't have mined if this dripped a little , but mine sprayed water out -LRB- where the turn valve fits into the valve body -RRB- . I went to my local HD and found a shut-off valve made by the same manufacturer but this one had a push button , instead of a turn knob . You can still adjust water pressure by varying how much you push the button in . It drips very little and is only $ 5.50 . Made of full metal , no plastic . Found it by the showerhead aisle.I figure I use half the water I used to use and you save on hot water usage too .
 The valve looks nice and seems heavy duty for the money , but when I turn the water on it blows the control know of the shut off valve off w / hardly any water pressure . It 's going back .
 My shower head has a continuous steady drip . This is due to old and faulty fixtures that will be replaced by a complete bathroom remodel in the next couple of months . Purchased this item in the meantime to stop the drip . It does n't work . It does not shut off the water 100 % , it constantly drips too . Returning to seller . Went to a plumbing store and they put together a 100 % shut off valve for me for less than $ 10 . I have that installed and it works . Its not pretty but will be sufficient until the remodel .
 product was advertised as a shut off valve , tried two of them and neither shut off the water completely . amazon did give fast service and refund for these items .
 While I received what I thought I was getting nowhere did it mention that the hole inside the shutoff valve was very tiny not allowing enough water to pass through when wide open . The results were drastic , when I turned the water on full blast to take a shower it held so much water back that it actually blew the seals out of my shower faucets causing me to have to replace the complete faucet assembly . I was very disappointed in the product as I 'm sure anyone could understand .
 i have bought 3 of these valves . they all leaked by.made in china junk . dont waste your money.bad bad bad
 I had purchased this with the Delta Water Amplifying Shower Head . I intended to use this valve as a `` pause '' upstream of the Delta head and a diverter to a hand shower on a clawfoot tub . I did not even bother to open the clear packaging , because one can plainly see that , although the valve body is sized for 1/2 '' IPS , the actual orifice is about 3/16 '' or less . At normal water pressure , I doubt that any massaging shower head would receive an adequate volume of water to even function . The `` pause '' aspect is `` green '' enough for me - I do n't need my water rationed when I do call for it.This is so `` green '' that Al Gore would probably love it . Just not in his house . Maybe in the servant 's quarters . -LRB- How 's that for an `` inconvenient truth '' ? -RRB- Amazon would do well to include flow rate in this product description , as they do in many others . It would have saved me some trouble .
 Name of product
 Let me start by saying this is a very high quality valve for the money ; great for flow control . I gave one-star so people will read this . If you are looking for a 100 % shutoff valve , this is NOT it . Other reviewers claim `` total '' shutoff , but its not true -LRB- I just tested it 5 min ago -RRB- . I wanted 100 % shutoff so my railfall showerhead does not drip cold water on me when i 'm not using it ; but alas , it is not to be with this valve . i 'll have to suck it up and buy the $ 38 valve i found elsewhere . Ugg , now to deal with returns .
 I installed this device easily enough , using plumber 's tape as instructed , but when I turned the water back on I could n't get the central ball joint to seal . Water kept flowing out , albeit slowly .
 I bought this item and it did not completely cut the water off . I returned it and was sent another one . It does not work either . I have a slight drip at he faucet cutoff , and this item does not stop it at all . Using it to cut off most of the water while you are showering is fine , but it does not cut the water off completely . I will have to get another brand .
 Had to send them back ! I bought three and non of them stopped the water dripping even when turned off . Seemingly well made but of no value if they do n't do what is required .
 When I installed the shut-off leaked , I did install the rubber washer supplied and sealed the threads . The shut-off also does not shut off completely , it allows water to by-pass . I would not recommend .
 It does not shut off water for you during a shower . There is a small smount of water keeps comming out of it at the shut-off position .
 This a really nice looking valve . It is listed as a `` shut off valve '' but that is a misnomer . It leaks through and drips when in the closed position . It is a `` control valve '' in real life .
 I should 've known . Went with the cheapest part on the list thinking all plumbing is created equal . First try and the switching knob flew out and I had a stream shooting out the side of my shower .
 As soon as I turned on the water and turned the valve , the valve stem blew out and sprayed water in my face . There does not seem to be any means to keep the stem in place . You can pull it out with your hand . But , since most of the reviews are favorable , I ordered another one and it worked great .
 It works as a valve . I needed it wo shut off the water , but it leaves a small stream . It would get 5 stars as a valve that does not shuts off the water . However , it advertises itself as a shut of valve .
 I bought 3 of the Danco 89171 . None of the 3 can shut off the water 100 % when it is in the closed position.They are on the way back to Amazon for a refund !!!
 This device is incorrectly named , because it does n't shut off the water all the way . If it 's to prevent cross-flow or to allow the hot water to flow slightly without wasting much water until it comes up to temp , then fine but the instructions do n't imply either of this . Instead , the packaging clearly says it 's a shut off valve . If water continues to trickle when the valve is in the off position , then you ca n't claim it to be a shut off valve . Just saying.My 2.5 gpm shower head does n't appear to be designed to work well with this valve . I thought it would be an inexpensive way at reducing the water use further with my shower head . I probably should have just spent the $ 75 for a Bricor shower head instead .
 Should have read the reviews before ordering . Item looks great but is dripping.No sure what joker desgined such thing having metal on metal to shut off water ... Keep on looking for something .
 This valve simply does not fully stop the flow of water . I ended up with a slow , steady drip . That may be fine in some applications , but is not in others .
 I purchased the Jonathan Beauty Water shower filter in February and it lasted less than three months . It did work well for the first 2.5 months then I noticed a quick change in the dryness of my skin and hair manageability . I am on well water in the central part of US , our water is pretty hard so it would probably last longer on city water . For comparisons , the previous filter was an ewater which lasted eight months -LRB- but much more expensive -RRB- .
 This came with the wrong bar.Once corrected -LRB- by Solo -RRB- i finally tried it - started very hard . Once it started it would not keep running . I finally returned it and bought a Stihl locally , like I should have in the first pace . Its great .
 But NO real screwdrivers or wrenches.Also note that 48 items of this ' 56-piece tool set ' are simply screws and nails !! This leaves 8 tools.Great advertising approach . Not completely honest as I have not before seen non-tool items counted - yes , it does carefully say ` pieces ' , not ` tools ' so it is not a flat-out lie.Still , 8 of 56 . That 's 14 % , which is not passing.We are looking for a simple , self-contained , adequately complete tool kit for a weekend place
 This is a decent small set . I bought one a while back for my college-bound daughter.It would be nice if they could be HONEST about what you are getting
 I did n't expect heavy duty construction , but I did expect the screw bits to be well-made enough to put together Ikea furniture . Sadly , the screwdriver was not even up to this task . These are more like a kid 's first tool set than anything else .
 I ordered two of these brackets and unfortunately one was missing the plastic piece that actually holds the closet . Since I needed two matching brackets I was unable to use either of the two .
 The American Lawn reel mower is uni-directional , push only . You ca n't pull the mower along behind you , and you ca n't pull it towards you . This makes cross-hatch mowing near impossible and even simple straight line mowing considerably harder than it needs to be . The blade height is non-adjustable , the blades jam on the smallest of twigs , and the cheap grips slide along the handle bars requiring constant readjustment . One reviewer mentioned this mower was a car stopper . Yes , indeed it is . People will stop and wonder what on earth possessed you to buy such a horrible mower .
 This `` Push Reel Lawn Mower '' does not cut lawns made of grass . I have n't found anything it cuts except my fingers when trying to adjust the blades . I have tried every height and blade adjustments possible . Everything I can think of to get this bad -LRB- and I mean this literally -RRB- boy to work . I can cut my very small lawn better with a pair of dull sissors than use this mower . By the way , I have bermuda and rye combination lawn if that makes any difference . If anyone has any ideas on how to get this `` lawn mower '' to work , I would appreciate it . Until then , it sits in my backyard , teasing me as I cut my lawn with a weed wacker .
 Product did not work . In fact , it was just sliding over the grass in my lawn . Would definitely return it .
 I received this as a Christmas present from my daughter.Unfortunately this expensive trinket is worthless.Measurements are inconsistent and inaccurate . The tool is also a pain to use . Do n't waste your money .
 ... probably one of the worst tool investments I 've ever made . Extremely inaccurate , repeats errors , too sensitive to anything in the space being measured , what a waste of money !
 This thing is little better than a toy . The accuracy of measurements is accurate but only some of the time . I often get a reading of `` Err '' when trying to check distances . And other times I 'll get wildly varying readings . I 'll probably be returning this as defective .
 Do n't buy this Stait-Line product if you need to measure with an accuracty greater than whole inches . The package promises great accuracy , but if you need to measure a room which is , say , 9 ' -4 3/8 '' wide , this laser tape will give adjust the measurement up or down -LRB- to 9 ' -4 '' in this case -RRB- . I wish the packaging for this product had described this aspect of this laser tape , but you wo n't learn this until you either use the tape or read the Owner 's Manual -LRB- which is tucked inside the sealed package -RRB- .
 I purchased this Laser Tape to measure the spacing of trees in a field , which it can not do . It seems to only be able to measure the distance to a very smooth surface that is at the right angle to bounce the light back to you . And the surface 's color seems to disrupt the measurement as well . If all these conditions are n't met , you do n't just get a false reading , you get nothing at all . The packaging says nothing about this . Not only did the device fail to work in the yard , it often failed indoors as well . I wanted this to work -- it seems like a great timesaver and kinda fun -- but I finally returned it . It did n't come in handy one single time .
 I bought this product for my dad for Christmas , and after trying to use it for a few days we both gave up.People do n't buy this product , or worse give it as a gift . I felt like a fool for giving it to my dad .
 Waste of money , do n't buy this ! I wo n't even give you my used one away for free , I 'd feel too bad !
 the laser measuring tape will sometimes give more than one measurement which can be very hard to decifer which is correct conventional tapes much more accurate .
 I got this for Christmas as well , and was planning on using it for measuring distances for cutting baseboard , chair rails and crown mouldings . It 's a good thing that I double-checked with a conventional tape before cutting , because there 's no way this device should be used for anything requiring accuracy.Even on short measurements , the thing was always off compared to a conventional tape .
 This product should be sold as a toy . It only measures up to the inch and can not be used for exact measurement . Basically it is useless for measuring accurately to the nth of an inch.However , our dog enjoyed chasing the red dot on the floor using the laser pointer , kind of expensive as a dog entertainment device.My recommendation is for the manufacturer to do a recall and improve the product .
 Why would anyone sell a measuring product that is only accurate to within an inch ? I bought this product thinking it would replace measuring tape . I was very wrong . If you want a laser measuring device either purchase the more expensive ones on the market that do measure within 1/8th inch , or wait for the prices to come done on those products . Do n't waste your money on this .
 It seems amazing to me that this product was released for public consumption being as unreliable as it is , without proper testing/debugging . I tried using this device many times and the readings produced are consistently unreliable . Even at short or known distances -LRB- say 10 ft -RRB- the device produced readings that were unquestionably off . For instance , measuring a wall that is 10 feet away could give you a reading of 36 ft , and so on . Not only that , it 's not just a matter a taking several reading and see which one comes up more frequently -LRB- to eliminate incorrect readings -RRB- . Unfortunately , after taking 4 or 5 readings , you can get 4 or 5 measurements that are all significantly different ! Do n't waste your time -LRB- and sanity -RRB- on this product .
 I understand that this tool is only for estimating , but even for that purpose it 's unacceptable . Lots , maybe most of the time I simply get an `` error '' result ; other times , on a distance I can visualize to be 10 or 12 feet , this device says `` 3 foot '' or `` 3 foot 2 inch '' -LRB- this seems to be a favorite false result , happens A LOT -RRB- . Device wo n't work if you 're close to a corner , wo n't work well on any irregular surface , and rounds to the nearest inch ; no eighths , no quarters , nothing less than a full inch . All in all , I have no confidence in the results , and have switched back to a tape .
 I got this tool because I LOVE the laser level and it works so well - NOT so with the laser tape ! I guess we need a little bit more technology before something like this can be very useful as a household tool . When its low on battery especially , it gives wacky numbers that are nothing close to the actual distance ! It also does n't work well if you have patterned wallpaper - it needs a solid surface ! When it does work , it only measures to the closest inch - anyone who has done home repairs knows that is n't nearly close enough ! An inch might as well be a mile ! I do n't recommend this product .
 I had great expectations for this product but when I received it I realized it had major short falls . First of all it only displays in whole numbers . What about all those 1/8th , 1/4 's etc. that are crucial to measurements . Secondly it only works when directed at very solid objects . Anything that can absorb sound waves will result in an inaccurate reading . I can not think of any application where these shortfalls are acceptible . Do n't buy this product . I in fact tried to return it and was told that since it was opened it was unreturnable . The suggestion was to try to sell it used . WHO WOULD BUY THIS JUNK ?!
 Would give it 0 stars if I could . Yes it does measure but only to within an inch . i 'm sorry but that is n't even close for making accurate cuts and if you cut short your really messed . Also it does n't have a level bubble so if your not shooting real straight your length will be biased by the laser being out of level . Unless your only requirement is a `` best guess '' as to the length forget it .
 Never mind that the measurement readout only reads down to the nearest inch , the accuracy of this tape is simply mind-bogglingly bad.Examples
 A relative of mine does work for Irwin and received a box of these free . He gave me 4 units . I was quite excited and began to use 1 of them for myself right away . It does not work well at all . I 've tried it in several rooms in my house from my garage down to my basement . It has been terribly wrong . As I sit here and type this I am pointing it at a wall that is 15 ' 5 '' -LRB- used regular tape measure -RRB- . The Laser Tape is reading 12 ' 3 '' . When I point the laser at the solid wood door on the same wall , I get a reading of 4 ' 9 '' ! To reduce the chance of user error I am placing the unit on my counter top and just pressing the ` Read ' button . It consistently states the measurements above.I have two theories on why it does not work . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Battery strength or -LRB- 2 -RRB- sound waves bouncing off objects in or near laser dot.I have read some reviews on batteries making a difference and this is a new battery . To be fair in my reporting I will say this is the only new 9V battery I have , so I have not tested the unit with another battery . If the strength of the battery is so important they should -LRB- 1 -RRB- add a battery strength meter and not allow the unit to work with a weakening battery or -LRB- 2 -RRB- add a rechargeable battery with a cradle to keep the unit fully charged.Perhaps the problem is the fact that it uses sonar and the reading is messed up by surrounding objects . The laser is pointed under my kitchen cabinets . Perhaps the sound waves are bouncing off the counter top or bottom of the cabinet . Is that why the commercial shows a guy in an empty room ? Maybe the unit is more accurate with flat walls and no objects in the room . This makes using it unrealistic.Even though the unit was free for me I can not recommend it as a tool , even for estimating . I now have a dilemma in that I was going to give the other 3 units away as xmas gifts , but I can not do that . It simply does not work reliably .
 I have this item on order and have only used it in the store . Found it to be accurate enough for my purposes - sq footage for paint , wallpaper , flooring etc. . I am having the most problem with Amazon 's list price of $ 59.02 . I shopped extensively for this item and never saw it priced over $ 36.00 . They make it seem that you are getting a very good buy when in fact you are paying exactly what it sells for at any store .
 ... this is a good example of `` you get what you pay for , '' I suppose.This alleged `` laser tape '' actually uses a sound wave to take its measurement , the laser beam is there mainly for underhanded marketing purposes to mislead you into thinking that you 're buying far more advanced technology than you 're really getting.Of course , sonar is notoriously unreliable for this sort of application , and therefore it is hardly surprising that it delivers kinda-sorta accurate rough measurements in all of maybe 3 out of 10 tries . All sorts of environmental factors can easily throw it off
 The commercial shows a man measuring to a mesh trash can before chucking his old measuring tape ! Wrong ! There is no way the sonar would get an accurate reading to an object like that.This device is NOT a laser tape . It is a sonic tape measure -LRB- which have been around for years -RRB- with a laser pointer to highlight your target . This function is pointless because the `` laser '' tape must be aimed at a fairly large and solid object to get a reliable reading . It would be just as easy to aim without the laser.I guess Strait-Line thought they would cash in on the sales being made by adding lasers to products that do n't need them -LRB- saws , drill press , etc. -RRB- . A true laser tape with decent accuracy could have potentially been a great product at this price point .
 Excuse me , but calling this a piece of garbage gives garbage a bad name . When performing at its best , this tool is only accurate down to 1 inch . This renders it useless for anything other than estimating . And the tool is rarely at its best . Amazon should be ashamed to be carrying this tool and should reimburse anyone who bought one .
 I received this device as a Christmas present and agree with previous reviews ... you would be better off using a nice tape measure than this device.On the surface it is appears to be a laser measurement device , but instead it bounces high frequency sound off an object you are measuring to determine distance . The sound is actually audible . It sounds like someone tapping a pencil on a desk . The only reason that the term `` laser '' is associated with the device , is because it has a built-in laser pointer to tell where you are aiming it.The object you are pointing the device at must be fairly solid , or the sound wo n't reflect properly . It even states in the user 's manual that when measuring something like fabric , to put cardboard in front . As expected , it ca n't measure through glass , even though the laser can shine through . I have also noticed that objects to the sides of what you are measuring , sometimes get picked up . For instance , I am measuring from my seat to the front of a cabinet . To measure to the wall behind the cabient I must move it over about 6 inches to the side of the cabinet to avoid reading the distance to the cabinet.I have had fun playing with the device , but want people to know that at best , I would use it for estimating measurements . I got this as a gift , but would not have spend that kind of money on a device that only measures down to the nearest inch , and sometimes produces flaky measurements . I say strap an inexpensive laser pointer to a digital tape measure and you would have a much better device .
 The reason everyone is having such problems getting accurate results is that this is n't a laser measure at all . The laser is only a pointer to show where you 're aiming , and as you know , you can get one of those at the dollar store . The measuring happens with the sonic clicker , essentially a sonar , which is extremely inaccurate . I keep mine around for difficult measurements that do n't need to be perfect , like ceiling height . However , if you want a laser tape , you have to buy a REAL one . Leica 's Distro is absolutely wonderful -LRB- I 've done 600 ' measurements to within 1/4 '' -RRB- , plus you can add a scope or put it on a tripod . They cost $ 300 and up , but they are well worth it to professionals . I hope to see consumer level units soon for under $ 100 . I also hope someone stops Strait-Line from calling itself a laser !
 Wrong so often I have lost all my confidence in it and usually have to double check with a conventional tape . I have a 4ft 8in square window , which this `` laser '' tape repeatedly tells me is 2ft 10in x 4ft 10in . I measured it about 100 times to test th unit and it never gave me the horizontal reading correctly once , yet never made a mistake on the vertical one . Impossible to fathom how it could do that . Use it to `` impress the neighbors '' , then use a conventional measuring tape when they are not looking . : o -RRB-
 Good for estimating size of a room but no more than that .
 This is what I said after I threw this `` laser '' tape out into the street . As one other reviewer wrote , it 's a `` SONIC '' tape . This product is strictly garbage ... spend your $ 30 + on an old fashioned tape . .
 I am a building consultant and appraiser . I use a measuring tape almost every day . I must conclude that anyone who found the performance of this product acceptable never checked to see if their measurements were correct or they are affiliated with the manufacturer . The only use this thing has is as a laser pointer . Upon checking the laser tape results I found it completely inaccurate most of the time . It was off by feet not inches , sometimes 4 ' sometimes 18 ' . I confirmed my experience with a colleague who got one for christmas like myself . These things are total garbage .
 This is not a `` Laser Tape '' . It 's an ultrasound distance estimator -LRB- based on the same wildly inaccurate echo technology used in those old Polaroid cameras -RRB- with a laser sight attached to it . And just like any ultrasound distance estimator , it 's inaccurate to the point of being worthless . The laser is essentially a laser pointer slapped onto this contraption , apparently for no other purpose than to be able to print `` LASER TAPE '' on the packaging , misleading the unsuspecting customer into believing they were buying a laser tape . Not quite
 I am giving it two stars because it may be useful for rough estimates . However , it is a disappointment . I got it on sale -LRB- close-out , I think -RRB- and for interior walls it consistently reads about 5 inches longer than the actual dimension -LRB- properly measuring from base . I am sure I will occasionally bring it out of the toolbox for a quick rough measure , but that is about it . I 'd return it if I could .
 What can I say exept this thing really needs more development . Sound waves seem to be very unpredictable . After almost screwing up an important carpet cut I decided I ca n't trust the straight line . I immediately returned the straight line . Now I 'm shopping for a true Laser Range Finder .
 Firstly , it 's important to note that this is not a laser measurer . This is a sonic measurer with a projected red dot . The difference in accuracy between the two technologies is striking . When measuring with this device , holding down the measurement button will result in a constant variation of 6 '' - 15 ' in reading . While I can usually tell when something is an obvious error , I do n't want a measurer that I have to constantly check with common sense . If I know a wall is around 30 ' , readings of 12 ' , 34 ' and ERROR do n't give me a lot of confidence in this device 's accuracy , and those sorts of misreadings are the rule , not the exception . This device is horribly inconsistent and inaccurate.But if you 're a glutton for punishment , it 's also important to note that you can pick up this particular model of sonic measurer at your local hardware store for 20 to 30 bucks.HOWEVER , I would instead recommend an actual laser unit . Stanley has a terrific true laser measurer you can find here on Amazon called -LRB- appropriately -RRB- the FatMax Tru Laser Measurer which is affordable , accurate and consistent.Because buying this thing would be a mistake .
 I would n't recommend this tool to anybody . It 's packaging is misleading . Yes it has a laser and yes it measures distance , but what the package does n't tell you is that the laser has nothing to do with the measurement itself . Ultrasonic sensors are notoriously unrealiable , and the last thing I need is to be second guessing a measuring instrument . If you ca n't afford a real laser measuring device , stick with the old standby , because for distances where a measuring tape is a hassle , this TOY only works under the most ideal conditions .
 I bought this bag primarily to carry a 20-inch plastic tool box with scientific instruments to work sites via checked plane baggage . It has not held up well , considering how light the cargo has been . The very thin plywood bottom has broken into a million pieces and created quite a mess . The velcro on the handles is now useless . And the edge wear trim pieces all got pulled out of the fabric so they hang out and just catch on things . I guess this bag has been on probably ten round trips . I expected it to last a lot longer than it did . How this translates to tool storage on a jobsite I am not sure , but it should be predictive overall .
 Unless you plan to have this fan professionally installed and/or if you value your sanity at all , DO NOT purchase this fan . the `` directions '' , otherwise titled the owner 's manual , although detailed , are written with these barely recognizable , sometime blurry , black and white pictures of the fan being installed . It does n't specify what included screws or washers to use specifically where on the fan , so about 95 % of your time will be spent guessing where to put what screw -LRB- and sometimes , if the mood hits you , you might want to throw on a washer -RRB- . In a word , it 's crap.Miraculously , I was able to get the fan up , connected , and running , but not without the fan crashing to the floor once and my having to reattach the assembly several times with a string of profanities , due to poor directions.Don ' t let the price fool you -- overall , it sucks .
 The bearing fell apart on the first use for me . Maybe I just got a dud . I 'll try the Bosch version next .
 Junk . I put in in a router table and it ran for about 15 minutes before it sheared where the shank meets the cutting head .
 Does n't actually sharpen knives that are even a little sharp already . Maybe it would sharpen a VERY dull blade , but even then not very well.I can not recommend this product for its intended purpose .
 it is too small ... more like a bebble than a rock ... and the amber light is too weak to shine effectively on anything 4 feet away ... it is shaped nicely and the color is nice ... so basically if it was twice as big and twice as bright i 'd give it 4 stars ... but it is n't ...
 We bought this product for our car rental business and it came right on schedule , all the way to Hawaii!It was installed outside and we immediately started using it for automotive repairs.That was at the end of December -LRB- less than three months ago -RRB- . Yesterday the crimped fitting that connects the hose to the chuck developed a leak and upon inspection I realized that the entire portion of the air hose that had been exposed to the elements had already lost all it 's plasticizer and had numerous hairline cracks!One of these hairline cracks is where the leak developed and now the hose has to be cut and a hose barb fitting installed for replacement of the crimped fitting , in reality the ENTIRE hose should be replaced because its integrity is suspect from one end to the hose to the other!Do yourself a favor , spend the money and get one made in America with the proper amount of plasticizer in it so it can last at -LRB- least ? -RRB- a year ??? Save your money and go elsewhere for this type of equipment !
 I ONLY reason that I bought these gloves is that these were SUPPOSED to be puncture resistant . These are very far from being puncture or cut resistant . These gloves can not even block from small wooden or plastic pointed objects , how in the world would they stand up against glass and even more solid objects . These gloves are total GARBAGE . STAY AWAY FROM THIS USELESS PRODUCT !! Save your money and buy some better quality gloves from a hardware store .
 As an amateur whittler I purchased these gloves primarily due to their claim of puncture resistance . I was tempted to buy the chain mail gloves offered by Amazon but when I saw the price I quickly looked for an alternative - Enter the 22600XL BladeX5 Gripas . Out of the box the XL size fit comfortably on my fairly large hands , and equipped with my new gloves I headed for the kitchen to seek out a steak knife to test the claim of puncture-resistance . With a canvas-like rear and a rubberized coating on the palmar surface I was easily able to open the knife drawer and select a suitable weapon with a pointy end . I was tempted to take a Jack-the-Ripper like lunge but at the last moment I deciding that discretion was the better part of valor so I opted for a short jabbing thrust to the middle of my palm.Two hours later I was on my way back home from the local urgent treatment center with a backside full of a tetanus booster , an incredible hulk band aid on my hand , and a bill for $ 175 . I ca n't speak for the Gripas claim to be cut & slash resistant because after it 's herculean failure in the puncture department I have n't built up enough nerve to try a cut or a slash.In short - BUYER BEWARE .
 The description say puncture resistant , they are not , a simple nail will poke straight through , never mine some thing with a real point on it , do n't waste your time or money on this rubbish , company will not do anything about the issue either , do n't waste you money buying of them either .
 It 's got this texture that might help avoid a cut but it 's basically just rubber . Save your money . You 'd be better off getting a metal glove . A little cumbersome but works much better . The fit was n't very good either . It felt tight on my palm but it was loose in the fingers . Do not recommend .
 We tested this intercom in our home & at our church
 I brought to China and it stopped working after 1 week . I ended up throwing it away , and finding more of these for 1 dollar in china .
 bored stone tiles and installed to later fill and find that plunger does not function and there seem to be no replacement plungers . Just days later they now no longer even show bronze plungers but show chrome/satin on bronze holder ? I am very dissappointed that there is no recourse for this situation.Jerry Mahlberg , General Contractor
 This was a bugger for me -LRB- a single woman -RRB- to put up !! requires drilling holes putting in plastic holders for screws , then screwing the back metal part to the wall . It was not just as easy as snapping the cover that hides the cord either . I need to go the hardware store and get one of those plastic covers that just stick to the wall . Of course it does n't help that I put it up a little on a slant and can not stand to look at it . I will have to take it down and fill holes then paint before I can put the new one up !! I would n't recommend this product unless you have a handyman handy !
 I purchased a wall lamp and it was recommended that I buy this but one was included with the lamp and this purchase was completely unnecessary . I have not bothered to return it , therefore have wasted $ 13.00 . You should not be recommending that this be purchased with the lamps .
 These straps are junk . Ratchet does n't hold + hooks are not a full U shape . Used these to trailer motorcycles to Daytona for Bike week from Michigan . Have been doing this for years . Never had straps let loose like these . I also never take the time to leave reviews but these are very crappy + I do n't recomend them at all
 item was not the same one in the picture which is suppose to be victorian the style vs the modern one they sent me
 This is a promising product that did n't deliver . I plugged it in to charge the internal battery . The LCD display came up once , but after unplugging prior to installation , it failed to come up . I 'll be returning this for a refund .
 This timer arrived not working and following the instructions did not reveal a way to start it up . I plan to send it back
 I bought five of these and am very happy with the functionality -LRB- they 're easy to program -RRB- but one of the units died within two days of delivery and a second one died within two weeks . Both times the display went blank and the timer stopped working . -LRB- Both timers were plugged in all the time . -RRB-
 I ordered 3 of these despite the reviews because I could n't find any other 7 day timers on Amazon . I only needed two , but i figured that at least one would n't work right based on the reviews . Every single one of them was DOA .
 I bought this even though previous reviewers complained of quality issues . My mistake . My unit would not transmit power to the outlet even when I used the manual override.Even more aggravating , the packaging suggests it was a returned item . You 'd think they would make sure it worked before reselling it ...
 I searched for an hour and paid extra for this product because the description said `` Tie Down has coated S-Hooks to prevent marring and scratching '' . What I received was straps that had uncoated `` J '' hooks , that are not useable for my intended project .
 Hook opening is very small , could n't grab onto my roof-rack securely . Seems like any potential uses would be very limited by the small hook , do n't understand why it 's designed this way . So ... big fat waste of $ $ $ , hope I can use it for something else someday .
 I bought this wireless doorbell & intercom with expectations that it would replace the existing hard wired intercom/doorbell system that I have attached to my security system.This item is nothing more than a glorified walkie talkie -- it even squelches like a walkie talkie . When you push on the doorbell , the microphone is activated and the chime noise originates from the doorbell module . The receiving intercom module receives the `` Ding Dong '' sound . How cheap!Almost laffable is the fact that you ca n't put the doorbell outside where it might get wet . According to the instructions , the doorbell module should be kept in a place where there is not excessive sunlight or moisture . ARE YOU KIDDING ME ? I called Westinghouse to confirm that it was n't a typo -- to which I received a recommendation to buy a clear plastic box to keep it in outside OR -- get this ... . put it in a bird house with the button where the bird would enter ! HAHAHA . I swear . . that 's what the operator said.Save yourself the $ $ $ ...
 I bought this at Lowe 's not Amazon but thought the review would be useful anyway.This is an utterly useless piece of product with defective engineering and design . Here is a list of things wrong with it :1 . The doorbell unit is recommended to be installed without exposure to heat or humidity ... did somebody forget this is a DOORBELL ? 2 . Once we set it up , the doorbell chime was received by the inside receiving unit about 5-6 times , after that the the doorbell stopped chiming and the receiver stopped receiving .3 . Receiver would work intermittently , with a lot of static to make your speech incomprehensible ... both ways , when they connect with each other in random fashion . I tried both the A and B frequency settings several times with no effect.It is amazing that products like these can actually be in the market and that sellers like Lowe 's and Amazon continue to sell them without checking if they even work.I am checking the market for alternatives but yet to find a good one . Most products in this space appear to be no better . Should I find one that works well , I will post it here .
 The Westinghouse Whole-House Wireless Doorbell and Intercom does not work . Customer service explained that unit must be powered directly from a clean wall plug and not plugged into a power stip . While the building is new and the wiring is very clean power , the unit only worked when tested two times . We never managed to get the system to function with the main unit being indoors and the bell unit outdoors.With luck the money will be refunded . The unit will not hold up in an outdoor environment . If we could have made it work , a protective housing would have to have been built .
 We tested this intercom in our home & at our church
 I was shocked to discover how horrible this unit worked . I followed the directions for set up -LRB- which is very simple -RRB- , however , the doorbell failed to ring 3 out of 4 times . I tested it in ranges of 2-40 ft and found no change in results.The voice response met with even fewer positive results . That was also tested in various ranges with different options.Get a refund while you still can , I did .
 An exterior product should come with exterior fitting . The screw at the bottom of the unit , which allows access to replace the batteries is not stainless steel ... Therefore ours rusted , so that the screw can not be removed . Buy this , only if you want to have to replace it after the first set of 9-volt batteries is depleted !
 I bought a pair of these gloves and it was not until I opened the package that I realized they are for the same hand . They were supposed to protect my hands from the food slicer but they are both for the left hand . Hmmmm . I do n't know what to say .
 The gloves work & their ok but really small in size , not super quity . I 've had the gloves a short time an they show waer spots of the fingers.A friend of mine has the `` ove glove '' an says it lots better . I guess I should of bought the real thing not a knock off .
 This glove smell very bad when it is new . I guess maybe all glove made of this Kevlar material all smell bad.Beside the smell , I do n't feel the glove comfortable to wear . I will try to buy other glove to see if they are better.However , this glove is inexpensive , compare with other glove .
 Sturdy work gloves but difficult to work in as they are really thick and not very form fitting . I send them back .
 This glove was similar to the kevlar glove I had before -LRB- 8 yrs ago -RRB- and worked perfectly . I used the glove for pulling thorny weeds by hand -LRB- I ca n't remember the name of the weed -RRB- . The old one never had thorns go through gloves . This new one did . I got surprised that the thorn went through . I guess I ca n't use it for this purpose . I did not try it with a knife as other reviewers had done it .
 I bought this glove since it was paired with the oyster shucking knife which I was buying ... says that it 's a popular purchasing combo . This is not a suitable oyster shucking glove . The description does n't tell you that the back of the hand part is a knit fabric . Not very practical when there 's a lot of water-splashing , oyster juice sloshing , and rinsing going on . On the plus side , I did n't come close to cutting myself while shucking . On the negative side , I was starting to get prune fingers from the water soaking through the knit part of the glove and collecting in the fingers .
 Received these gloves only to find that both gloves were for the left hand which rendered them useless for me . It was more trouble to return than I wanted to be bothered with . I do n't know if all these gloves come like this or I was just lucky .
 I bought these to use with a new mandolin . I am female and my hands are 8 &#34; , so I ordered a medium . These arrived in good condition , but they are really tiny , only going down my fingers about 2/3 of their length . I called the manufacturer to verify the sizing , and the person who answered the phone was very nice . He said these gloves are sized for men , and at 8 &#34; I should fit a medium . He was mystified that mine were tiny and asked if I was really sure I 'd purchased the genuine G&F brand directly from Amazon -LRB- not another reseller -RRB- . I did . He said there are knock-offs that confuse customers , but from everything I can tell , these were a legitimate purchase with the G&F logo on the tag , sold and fulfilled by Amazon . He advised me that I could try larges , but to avoid extra large , which are for the biggest of -LRB- male -RRB- hands . However he stressed that mediums should really be the size I need . -LRB- They do n't make small . -RRB- I am returning the pair I purchased and I 'm now unsure whether to reorder the same size or a different size . I may simply find another style to purchase .
 Bought these gloves to prevent cuts from my mandoline slicer . My first time using them and the tip of the glove got caught between the potato and the blade and was effortlessly cut through . It would seem these gloves are more resistant to slicing than shearing .
 They sent the same side . We ordered 2 pair and the large pair was both left hand and the medium pair was both right hands .
 I never used them as I purchased them to go with the Benriner Vegetable Slicer that I returned as well .
 When I first received the gloves I had great doubt on whether or not these gloves would protect my fingers against the sharp blades of a mandolin . They appear to be nothing more than thin cotton knitted gloves coated with a thick rubberized coating . Sure enough , I slashed through the tip of one finger the very first time I used the gloves with a mandolin . No , I did not cut my finger but only because my gloves were longer than my finger.These gloves are not giving me the peace of mind I was hoping for when I purchased them.To be fair , the gloves are not specifically marketed toward mandolin users . It was positive reviews of mandolin users that led me to purchase them . I would feel confident enough to use these gloves for handling sharp glass or metal edges .
 When I purchased a mandolin slicing device , Amazon helpfully suggested slash-resistant gloves . Be warned
 most glass companies use these gloves to handle sharp glass and metal , but they always seem to slice right thru and the elastic cuffs suck , hands sweat in them and they stink after getting wet . terrible gloves
 Very disappointed . I bought it by the end of June and plugged it in the planter . Next day I started to see leaves got burned and dropped . The 3rd day bulbs dropped too . I had to shovel it out , and the plant is still dying .
 This molding looks very cheap . And be aware , the price is per foot , not per piece .
 I received product quickly and thru some personal issues could not install for quite a while . When I finally got counter installed from Home Depot I was able to install sink . It fit the hole fine , but the underside of the sink was curved from the baking process when manufactured . I had to grind the high spots down and use extra caulking to make it work . Both my contractor and plumber told me I should have just returned it . If I had my project would have been further delayed . I feel like I got a `` Second '' or `` Re-ject '' sink . In the end I was able to make it work , but for the money ... poor quality or bad inspection ...
 The concept is great but the practicality of the item is limited by the arrangement of the ropes used to close the device . They tend to twist , kink and tangle constantly and it takes longer to lay the the tarp out then it does to haul the leaves away . I work as a professional landscaper and thought I 'd give it a try but it does n't work nearly as well as a regular $ 18 16x 12 tarp .
 Advertise sizes that you will NOT receive if you order this item . The shipping on this heavy item means you 're not going to send it back , so you get cheated . DO N'T BUY !
 The Wolfcraft table is one of the cheapest tables you will find and for good reason . The parts are ill fitting and poorly designed . The guides move independently from each other making alignment difficult , and the clear plastic safety cover all but falls off with a little bump . Here are my recommendations , if you want the capabilities of a table at this price , find a high quality edge guide and make a jig or two , and if you really want a table and the convenience it provides , consider looking at the $ 230 model from Kreg -LRB- its well worth the upgrade -RRB- .
 I purchased 4 of these fixtures and had them installed by a licensed electrician in August of 2010 . Since it was part of a large project , the work was inspected by our village . Less than 2 years later , 2 of the fixtures are shorting out and no longer light . Trans Globe says the warrany is for one year and I am out of the luck . I am certainly not going to purchase 2 more of these pieces of junk to match the ones that still function , so I guess I 'll have to start over and purchase 4 brand new fixtures from another company ! Nice customer service , huh ? The sad part is that I love the fixtures , but they are no good to me if they do n't work . Buyer beware !!!
 I bought the Paradise hanging path light Nov. 5 , 2013 and it died 5 days after Jan 390 , 2013 return was allowed . Bought a new lamp , tried to replace it and still did n't work . Ca n't return it and no way to contact Amazon or Warehouse Deals by phone or email to complain . It was just $ 19.19 wasted .
 Ordered five of these to bore some holes in some rocks . I wanted the holes to be just about the size of the diamond tip on these bits , but they just could n't cut the stone . Might work better on other materials , but on rock I had two of them break off in the hole while I was drill , and the little pieces of bit got so wedged into the rock I had to grind them out too . At least they were only a buck each . I 've found the 1/8 inch ace brand hammer masonry drill bits to be more effective , but not fun to use .
 If supposely it is carbide should work on hard metals . It broke while tapping the metal . Had to pay extra for a professional to do the job because of the poor quality of this product
 these pand sound good look good but on 8/12 pitch they slide right up your legs would not by them again better of with the rubber pads
 This item will only work if you have plenty of room from the end of the shower arm to the wall . I have purchased and returned this item because the only way for it to go on properly would have required replacing and therefore lowering the shower arm .
 The filter worked ok the first few days of use . It definitely effected the water pressure , but not too terrible . After 2-3 days , the water slowed to a drip . Do n't waste your money , it 's definitely not worth it .
 Living in an area where the city puts so much chlorine in the water that you have to practically buy body lotion in bulk makes a showerhead-mounted water filter a good idea . However , this one in particular sucks . Within the first week the cartridge inside swelled up and clogged from the use of hot water , and reduced the outflow of water to a mere drizzle . I have to routinely take the shower filter off , take the cartridge out and rinse it out with cool water every 3 days so it will work . And the unit is only a month old . Pathetic . It 's less trouble just to return it and use more lotion .
 I ordered 2 of these items and only received 1 -LRB- one -RRB- . I keep getting ignored and I want the other item I ordered . I tried for some time . Caution .
 The outlet on this was defective from day one they had the prong bent wrong on the inside . So I had to open it up and hook up my own 14 gauge wire inside . When I looked at the wire inside i noticed it was only rated for 300 voltes not 600 like it says on the outside . how did this even pass UL listed.Im sure you it would work fine if you get one that the plug isnt bent .
 The 120 V outlet is either defective or poorly designed -LRB- or perhaps both -RRB- . A standard 3-wire grounded plug only makes contact the last 1/8 '' of insertion . Any slight movement of the plug breaks the circuit . The connectors for a voltmeter also did not fit properly -LRB- way too tight -RRB- . In the same order I also bought the Amprobe ELS2A splitter . It is much better made and all of the connectors worked well . I returned the Extech unit to Amazon in exchange for another Amprobe unit .
 The first line splitter I received made a rattling noise . Loose metal parts , and would not hold a power cord on the load side . I did not risk plugging it in to AC supply.Amazon shipped a replacement promptly . This had no rattling parts , but the receptacle still would not hold a power cord reliably . I tested with ten different appliances and devices . In most cases , the power cord would immediately be popped back out of the line splitter . In the other cases , the cord would pop out a few minutes later , causing electrical arcing if the load was drawing current.It looks like Extech has made a bad batch of these where the receptacle is not compatible with standard power cords . I 'm giving up and ordering an Amprobe ELS2A .
 Im trying to be as gracious as I can with this review . It does filter well and there is certainly an improvement with water quality . But really that 's about it . First of all , I was hoping it was n't as ugly as the photo but it is . There is a simple pull tab to change from normal water to filtered that gets stuck in the filtering position after some use . It 's supposed to shut off after the water pressure goes off . Now its gotten to be even if I pull the tab back out , sometimes it gets sucked back into the filter position without me touching a thing . I pull the tab out , turn on the water , and watch the tab go back in.But worst of all , I am utterly amazed at the slowness of this unit . It has always filtered slowly and now with the end of the filter 's life its more miserable . Our water pressure is good too as we live in the city . So when I turn it on highest pressure and turn on the filter , I still wonder how this tiny stream of water is coming out and as slowly as it does , I 'm a patient person but when I have to wait around 45 seconds per glass of water , times that by four family members , you get the idea . We literally put our larger water bottles in the sink , turn on the filter , walk away and come back later . It 's that slow.I gave it two of five simply because it does filter . We wo n't be buying this one again .
 I have not blindly chosen just any faucet filter since I 've carefully read through many reviews and many more different types of products . Sure Culligan Faucet Filter got many good reviews , but it fell short of all expectations in my case . The filter worked decently the first week -LRB- though the water was never really clean -RRB- ; the little knob on the side soon got stuck , preventing the water from switching back to normal mode in just a few days . On top of that , the water pressure was never very fast to begin with , but after just a week , the water seems to be even slower than normal , and is pretty much `` leaking '' out from the faucet rather than pouring out . I tried everything I could with twisting/moving the filter inside around , but no help . So much for the filter lasting about 2 months.This product is a disappointment ! I suggest that you do more research before you decide on this product .
 This sounded great - mostly great reviews & low price . No one seemed to have this problem
 I can not install this product . I live in California and our apartment has normal faucet like most of the others . I just can not screw it into position of my faucet . It just does not work . This is something I never expected based on thebetter reviews of this product than the other PUR brand . It 's waste of time and money for me . I am going to return it .
 I purchased this filter on the glowing recommendations given on Amazon and after years of poor quality PUR faucet filter units . Sadly , the Culligan does not fit . There are essentially two thread types on kitchen faucets
 Based on larger quantity of good reviews I opted to purchase the Culligan FM-15A faucet mount water filter from Amazon.com . I should have paid more attention to the review that said this filter was like placebo ... Amazon service was great as usual - no complaints . The filter on the other hand is disappointing and definitely a waste of money.I bought this filter in the hopes of having an easy to use filtered water source for cooking , making teas , etc.Regardless of whether I run it with low , medium or high flow - there is absolutely no difference in taste in my highly chlorinated and alkaline tap water.Determined to understand if this filter was actually doing anything , I went to my local hardware store and purchase a TDS tester and color strips for testing various other common potable water contaminants . Initial reading on TDS -LRB- directly from tap -RRB- was 298ppm . Reading when filtered through FM-15a -LRB- rate of flow made minimal difference -RRB- was 291-288ppm . All color strips -LRB- 6 different ones testing things like chlorine , alkalinity , lead , etc. -RRB- showed no color difference when comparing tap water to the filtered water.Thus far the ZeroWater pitcher based filtration system has delivered the best quality and taste of drinking water , however the short life -LRB- < 30 days in 1 person house -RRB- and cost of their filters -LRB- $ 12-15 depending on how many you buy at a time -RRB- may not be pratical for homes with multiple people , or for combined uses of cooking , drinking water , etc. .
 I bought this thinking It would help me to clean the water but It was not that way . Problem
 I want so much to give this product a good review . The water coming out of it tastes great and no longer smells like heavy metals . Its insultingly low flow , however , forces an hour to pass before filling a gallon-sized jug . It 's come to the point where we avoid the sink in which this filter is installed . Best left on a faucet the only use of which is to rinse toothbrushes . Perhaps the water pressure in this old house is too low to do the product justice . We 'll never know .
 I do not know how good is the water comes out of the filter , but I can tell you that the flow rate is extremely slow . On the unfiltered side , flow rate is reduced by half . On the filtered side , flow rate is reduced to less than 1/10 of the original flow rate.Make sure you use the rubber or it will leak .
 Not only the the water coming thru the filter come out too slow , but the water coming thru the faucet without using the filter is too slow . It is barely enough to be aereated . I will not make this mistake again . Give me the option to conserve water with a removable part . Do n't force me to conserve water if I chose not to .
 The button to switch from filtered to unfiltered water popped off and I never could get it to work quite right . I should 've bought a Brita or something like that . Definitely do not recommend this .
 I bought this product due to its good review . However , this is not something you should buy without trying . Our faucet is Kohler , but we can not find any adaptor fit both in Lowe 's , Home Depot , or local plumbing stores . We are going to return it .
 I was very happy with this product until I tried to replace the filter cartridge . I could not unscrew the old filter from the unit . I asked someone with stronger hands to help , and he could n't budge it either . I called Culligan , and was told hard water buildup was the problem and that soaking it in white vinegar for two hours would do the trick . Well , I soaked it and soaked it and was never able to budge it . I 'm not the only one with this problem -- I saw comments online from others . Someone suggested using tools , so I tried hitting it , prying it -- I tried 3-in-1 Oil -- nothing worked . I decided to buy another one instead of trying another brand because I already had the replacement filter . I was going to unscrew the cartridge from the unit as soon as I got it and put a little Vaseline on the threads -LRB- as suggested by someone online -RRB- to prevent hard water buildup . I got the new filter unit yesterday and absolutely can not unscrew the filter cartridge . It will not budge , and hard water buildup obviously is not the problem . I 'm not sure what to do now . I hesitate to try another brand because they 're not very highly-rated . Why ca n't someone make a decent water filter with a filter cartridge that 's easy to replace ?
 After about a week the tap adapter started leaking and the diverter stopped automatically returning to the tap position when the water is turned off . Cheaply made , you get what you pay for .
 I bought this and a ZeroWater Filtration Pitcher at the same time.I 'm in El Paso , TX where the water is hard , -LRB- 410 by the ZeroWater 's electronic tester ; meaning `` exceptionally high '' in dissolved solids . -RRB- El Paso has natural fluoridation -LRB- and added , if I recall correctly . -RRB- Lithium and arsenic and other nasties , and this Culligan Filter may reduce them , but wo n't remove them ! The ZeroWater eliminates them.After installing the Culligan FM-15A and letting the water run for 10 minutes as directed , I tested the water . A 400 ! That is not good!I retested an hour later and got a 409 . It must not handle hard water well or something.Water filtered through theZeroWater ZD-013 Filtration Pitcher with Electronic Tester , Filter Included -LRB- about 15 min to filter , NOT 4 hours like someone else wrote ! -RRB- The Pitcher water tested at a 000 and after 5 or 6 gallons , a 004 . The ZeroWater Filtered water has no taste ; has a lightness to it.From the tap , a sort of Rio Grande-irony taste-With this Culligan Filter , a little better than the tap , but not much.I should have bought extra filters for the ZeroWater Filtration Pitcher and left this Culligan filter alone .
 Easy to install but the one I got leaks around the filter . I have spent around $ 60 . on new filters and the thingstill leads.The button that is suppose to turn the filter off has never worked . Suppose to automatically turn filter off whenyou turn the water off.Keep your receipt if you buy one , `` good Luck '' .
 I bought this unit after my third Pur unit started leaking . I love that it can swivel and I love how the pull knob that turns the filter on will pop back in automatically when you shut the water off . However the filter itself is not very effective . My city has pretty strong chlorine flavor in the water . The Pur filters -LRB- 2 stage and 3 stage -RRB- removed this entirely , it was completely imperceptible . This Culligan filter does slightly reduce it -LRB- I did a blind taste test to confirm this -RRB- but it does not come anywhere close to the Pur . The water still has a strong chlorine flavor , almost as bad as straight tap water . It is not good enough to keep my wife from buying bottled water , so I am returning it.I guess I am going back to the poorly designed Pur simply because it filters better . I may do as another reviewer mentioned and get it at Costco for the returns .
 Basically , due to the Brooklyn/New York/NYC water , the filter did n't cut enough of the city water taste out to be worth keeping . Tried running tap at half flow volume as some reviewers suggest but taste was unaffected regardless of flow rate.Returned before build durability or usable filter time could be tested .
 I got this filter because the Pur filter kept cracking so I wanted to try something new . When I read all the great review I thought for sure this would be perfect . I even bought a replacement filter . When I hooked it up water started spraying from between the attachment and the filter so I was going to return it . They only gave me a week so I had to keep it because I was going on vacation and was not going to be able to get to a post office before I left which was the next morning early . So , I have a heavy paperweight ! Great ! : -LRB-
 I used to have a Pur faucet filter which I loved.Unfortunately it broke after a year and half . I read the reviews on Pur and noticed many customers had the same problem with the filter breaking after a while . Disappointed , I decided to try a different filter.I bought Culligan because of the raving reviews . Unfortunately it did n't work out for me either . From the beginning the water never tasted as good as Pur . I finally understood what other customers said about the `` metallic taste '' , which I am not sure if it was because the filter was new . I did follow the instruction to let the water run for a while straight after the installation before tasting the water.Culligan uses a strange mechanism to control the filtered water flow . You have to manually pull a little knob on the side to let the filtered water out . Then when you turn the faucet off the little knob is supposed to push down automatically , stopping the filtered water and switching back to tap water . This little knob on my Culligan broke after a month or so . The filter still works , but I just have to use it manually , pulling and pushing the little knob every time I want to drink the filtered water . True , it was still under warranty , but by this point I was already too disappointed by Culligan that I did n't even want a replacement anymore.I also bought a replacement filter pack so I continued to use this Culligan faucet mount . Since Culligan does n't have a water quality indicator like Pur does , there is no way for me to tell when to change the filter . I used the first filter for probably 6 months or so and the taste of the water never changed , but I thought since it had been a while it was probably time to change the filter , so I did . The new filter did n't taste any better or worse than the old filter . Basically neither of these tasted good . I still have no idea whether anything was filtered out since the water did n't taste any different.We moved so my fiance removed the Culligan faucet mount and re-installed it in our new house . This somehow worsened the problem on the faucet mount -LRB- Please note he is an engineer so it is most likely not caused by human error -RRB- . The water started leaking pretty badly from the metal ring and EACH time I wanted to get the filtered water I had to adjust the angle of the faucet mount to stop the leaking . It 's really annoying.Conclusion ? I love the taste of Pur . I 'm disappointed mine broke after a year and half , but compared to Culligan , my experience with Pur was still way better . I 'm now searching for a new filter . I 'd like to find a faucet mount that 's more durable than Pur.If I ca n't , I may go back to water dispensers like Brita .
 I also have had trouble with the PUR faucet filters . I had the first one for a very long time and after that , I 've bought 3 of them in less than a year and they 've all started leaking , spraying water all over . I ordered and just received this Culligan unit and while I love the size and all that , it does not filter the water . My water has the same strong chlorine taste thru the filter that it has coming straight out of the faucet not filtered .
 This filter did not fit properly on our kitchen faucet . -LRB- We have a standard faucet , not something fancy , special-order , or otherwise odd-sized . -RRB- We tried all the o-rings included with the filter but none worked -- the leaking was unacceptable . We were quite surprised , as we have been able to mount other filters with no problem -LRB- unfortunately , none lasted long , which is why we decided to try this one -RRB- . We would have had to go to the hardware store and try to find o-rings that would work , but the whole point of our buying this model from Amazon was to avoid having to go to the hardware store . Luckily , Amazon has a hassle-free return policy -LRB- which is a big reason we shop here -RRB- .
 I installed the faucet filter , following instructions exactly.But after a few days I realized I could n't taste any difference between the cholorinated tap water and the filtered water - in fact , I had never noticed a difference . So I bought a water tester and discovered it was n't filtering anything . My tap score was 425-430 , culligan was 425-430 , and bottled water was 005 for particulates.What a complete failure .
 I purchased this due to the awesome reviews . Come to find out , neither of the attachements fit my faucet , and it is not even an out-of-the-ordinary faucet ... I looked in several hardware stores and I could n't find one that fit so I had to return this filter . Other filters do have more attachments so I purchased a different brand and it fit perfectly .
 perks-good taste-easy installcons-slowwwwww . And I 'm talking about the unfiltered side . Its so inconvenient that I had to give 2 stars , and I 'm thinking about removing it . I ca n't clean my dishes because there is not enough pressure on either side . The filtered flows just as fast as the unfiltered . pretty decent for the filtered side but unacceptable for the unfiltered.I have to use my sprayer all the time now when I want to wash my dishes
 I bought this in hopes of having a better quality of water.It was easy to install , but the water quality was almost the same . and the little handle that you pulled out stopped working after 2 weeks . I wo n't be buying this again . I will look for a better quality product .
 Like other reviewers the Culligan filter will not attach to any faucet in my house . I went to a very large hardware store , Elliots in Dallas , and they were unable to find any conversion piece that will make this filter fit my faucet . I have totally wasted my time with this product so I think one star is generous . And since others have made the same comment I would think that Culligan would pack some conversion attachments in the box since this seems to be a recurring problem .
 We have tried this as a last resort . Previously used Peer and they would always leak or be inthe way . Went to a filtered pitcher for the fridge .
 I bought this in June , it stopped working by august . Went around and around with culligan , treated as if I was an annoyance . Corporate said to call the local office , the local office said to call corporate . All they seemed to want to do was pass the buck to eachother and tell me they did n't carry this in their stock . Ridiculous . I 'm tired of the runaround . I give up , lesson learned .
 It would n't fit on our faucet , it is slightly bell shaped and would not fit so it sits in the box /
 I was lucky the filter fit my faucet with no problem , if you unscrew the areator and the threads on the faucet show , the filter will screw right on.that was not my problem the pin you pull out to change to filtered water quit working after 2 months , now it takes both hands to pull it out and I must remember to push it back in or it will stay on filtering water.it was so easy when I got it but know it is something I will replace in the hope of finding something better . well they said just e-mail them proof of purchase and they will replace for free , they paid postage and it arrived in 7 days , the best I could hope for . will comment later in 3 months . well it is almost 2 months and the replacement is now sticking open , so it is the same problem all over again.why sell a good product with faulty parts ? when it becomes to difficult to work , I will have to replace it again.that is 2 down and counting , pure continually squirts water from 7 or 8 different places after the first filter replacement and now culligan gives you a stuck valve.I have a brita 100 gallon filter with a manual valve I bought at a thrift store just to see it work , and it seems to work good .
 The water thru the filter was dripping in drops eventhough we have a very good speed of water flow thru the faucet .
 I really do n't know if this product is good or not as I could not install it on my faucet . My faucet is apparently metric and there was n't any adapter that fit . I had to return it .
 I was very happy with this product until the plastic began to CRACK then completely BUSTED and will no longer filter water . I called the Culligan corporate office to complain and they refused to help me or replace the product . I WILL NO LONGER SUPPORT CULLIGAN DUE TO IT 'S POOR CARE FOR THEIR CONSUMERS !
 I followed the directions , let the water run for 10 minutes before using , filled up the bottle . Originally tried the water and it tasted fine , thought I found a great solution from buying delivered water . Especially since the two companies that deliver in my area get their water from the town I live in and is the same water that comes out of the tap.The problem was after a day or two it had a metalic taste to it . At first it did not bother me but after a couple of days i gave up . Everythign we made with the water had the same taste . I went ahead and cleared out my dispenser put a new bottle that i purchased and tried it . It also had the metal taste for the first couple of days now it is fine.Unfortunately i did not save the box to return it .
 After the filter arrived , I followed the installation instructions.Since the faucet holder threads are internal , I used the best fitting adapter that was included with the kit . I tightened the adapter into the faucet holder , then attached the filter unit onto the adapter . Everything seemed secure , but when I turned on the water , the whole unit and adapter fell out of the faucet holder and crashed into the sink . After several attempts and about 20 minutes , I finally managed to get it to stay in . Or so I thought . It was fine for about a day . Then this morning , it fell out and crashed into the sink . This knocked the glass out of my hand , but miraculously the glass did n't break and I was n't injured . But I 've had enough and do n't want to take any more chances
 No problem with the order or delivery , but it does n't fit my faucet . Home depot does n't sell an adapter that works . I 'm going to have to go to a pluming supply store to try and find a solution . This is a real pain in the butt for a simple water filter !
 I am not sure what Culligan 's objective is in the design and manufacture of this product but it really did nothing to improve the quality of my water .
 Impossible to install in a way that does not spray water all over the kitchen . Simply this is useless junk .
 I could not taste the difference when water went through it ?? I will not buy this filter again , it was a waste of money
 So I purchased this filter because I 've had the Pur 3-stage FM-9700 for a few years and it kept breaking on me . Luckily I bought it at Costco so I could keep returning it for a new one . I finally got fed up with having to return the PUR filter ever six months or so -LRB- The cheap plastic would crack and leak at faucet or the sediment screen would get rusted out -RRB- . So I returned it for good to Costco and figured I 'd give this filter a go . I already use Culligan 's WSH-C125 filtered shower head , which I like a lot . So I figured I 'd try their water filter . It has good reviews and is real cheap , plus it has a metal thread ring , unlike PUR 's plastic one . Well , I used the TDS meter from the Zero Water pitcher and it barely changed from my straight tap water 's reading to the `` filtered '' Culligan 's reading . I live in San Diego with notoriously hard water , it reads in the high 400 's on the TDS meter straight from the tap . The reading is around 430ppm on the TDS meter filtered with the Culligan filter ! That 's really high . To put it in perspective , the PUR water filter reads at 50ppm on the TDS meter ! I know that 's not everything to healthy water , but it 's a huge difference between 50 and 430 . The taste is poor as well . It 's decent at first , but now a month since I installed it , it 's almost same taste as tap . I will return this and go back to the PUR filter from Costco . Even the the PUR filter is poorly made , it puts out exceptional water quality , that 's the point , right ?
 I did n't think the faucet adapter would be an issue for me . Boy , was I wrong . Please read everyone 's review first ! Lots of people have problems with the supplied adapters not working . In fact , the adapters are male to male , which makes them pretty worthless . Most faucet aireators have a female end , not male . I contacted customer support and they even said if I could n't find the correct adapter to return the product to where I purchased it.I went to Home Depot and they could n't help me . They said they had nothing . After almost an hour on my own opening other faucet filters they had and checking the size , I finally figured out that the reason why the adapters do n't work is because they have both male ends and not the needed male-to-female adapter . I finally found the one I needed 3/4 '' x 55/64 '' . I wanted to put this info out so that future buyers are well informed about the adapter issue -LRB- 3/4 '' is standard -RRB- before deciding to make this purchase . Because of the hassle , this gets one star . I have n't used it yet , so wish me luck . At least , this saves me with the hassle of returning it to Amazon.com . Thank God.Good luck
 This faucet filter was economical to use and it performed well for the first year or so -LRB- I purchased it in July of 2009 -RRB- - and then the auto shut-off feature conked out . That was n't a big deal for me , and it was worth maybe a star off my overall rating , but a couple of months ago it started to leak and drip unfiltered water into whatever I was trying to fill with filtered water . I recently replaced it with a PUR faucet filter -LRB- FM-3700B -RRB- , which is a bit more expensive -LRB- for both the unit itself and the filter cartridges -RRB- , but not overmuch , imo . If you 're looking for the most cost-effective way to filter your water for maybe a year -LRB- and it does perform well when it works -RRB- , this might be the way to go - otherwise , I 'd advise considering a different product .
 Consumer Reports rated it highly , saying it has a `` reminder '' for changing the filter . The reminder is a sticker to put on a calendar at the 3 month mark . Has nothing to do with usage , which means if you use it too often , you 're drinking contaminated water before the change date ... or changing it too often if you use it too little . In addition , the `` button '' which one pulls out to produce filtered water is supposed to pop back when the water turns off . That did n't last long ... it simply sticks in place so that if one forgets to push it in , the first water out , even when it 's not needed , is filtered water . And because the mechanical quality is so poor , it makes me suspicious about that which I ca n't see ... the actual filtering .
 Worked fine for 2 weeks , but then slowed to a trickle . Takes forever to get filtered water now . Capacity supposed to be 200 gallons or a couple months , so do n't think we 've gone through the filter . Hope I just got a bad one .
 I followed the directions and installed the water filter and it was very easy to install . I set a timer and ran the filter for 10 minutes to flush it out . Later that day I decided to test the water with the TDS water meter that comes with my Zero water pitcher . I had just tested my water in the pitcher and it was `` 0 . '' I tested the Culligan water filter and it was 260 . I tested just my tap water and it was 267 . I tested bottled water and it was 110 . I ran the water through the filter some more and got the same results . I thought that maybe I had just received a bad filter , so I installed the extra filter I had purchased and got the same results . I do n't recommend this filter . The filter did not do the job well enough to really make a difference .
 Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to slow to use daily . As you can see from my headline , I finally timed it , and it took 114 seconds , more than a minute and a half to fill a 32oz bottle.In addition , the flavor is n't all that much better than before I bought it .
 The water tastes good and I do n't doubt that it works well . For the price and the good reviews I thought I 'd give it a try . Sorry I did because it 's a pain to send things back . Unless you like waiting 2 minutes to fill a glass of water I 'd look elsewhere .
 My faucet takes a 3/4 &#34; 27 female connection -LRB- VERY common -RRB- . None of the supplied adapters fit . The instructions simply state to &#34; go to your local hardware store for the correct fittings &#34; if the supplied ones dont work . Well , good luck with that , nothing in my town.Decided -LRB- after an afternoon of running all over town , trying to make this thing work -RRB- to just give it to a relative/friend who has a compatible faucet . What a headache !!
 I bought this filter in Feb/2011 , so its been almost 2 years . Even though it 's a good filter and worked as expected , I am giving it 2 stars because of the following1 -RRB- The top started to cracked soon after installation and finally it started to leak today2 -RRB- Culligan does not honor 1 year warranty if you did not buy from them directly . I had an issue with the equipment two months after I bought it . When I had the issue I called Culligan and they flatly told me they would not honor the warranty since I did not buy from them directlyI guess its better than other filter out there in the market but not good enough
 I bought it with water quality tester.But there is no difference between water and filtered water.what is wrong with it ?
 I ordered this Culligan filter after seeing all the good reviews and comparing them to the bad ones PUR and BRITA received about how they crack and all . Culligan had good reviews , was smaller and cheaper so I 'm thinking `` great . '' But then I did a little research and came up with this website that compares the filters and found that culligan only filters out aesthetics -LRB- taste and odor , sediment -RRB- and chlorine while BRITA and especially PUR filter out all kinds of other chemicals as well -LRB- including lead -RRB- . I guess they break and the material is not sturdy but the whole point of buying the filter -LRB- at least to me -RRB- is to drink cleaner water ! So I took my chances and ordered the PUR filter despite its bad reviews . I would list the link of the website that compares the filters but I do n't know if it 's against amazon policy or if it will be seen as spam so I wo n't be doing that .
 What a waste of money this is . After 2 weeks I got the `` drip '' -LRB- only drops -RRB- . I figured hey , it might be because I needed to change the filter . I did that and same thing happened after 2 weeks -LRB- and the filter is supposed to last 2 months -RRB- . I never had the faucet running all the way . By far the worst product I have ever bought at Amazon .
 Bought this for college . . Really excited for it , and it wouldnt fit the faucet , so I returned it . Wasted some money for the college service for taking it to the UPS , and still havent been refunded yet .
 Dissapointed . Have had this for 2 months now and the water is barely trickling out of faucet . Waste of money
 I was using a Pur water pitcher for a few years and love how the water tastes from it . I hated refilling it and the space it took up in the fridge so I read reviews and this one sounded great ! It was easy to put on the faucet . However , the water tastes like tap water and it 's awful . I never realized what a difference my Pur water filter was to the tap until now . If I move the faucet at times water will break through and leak out . I have to turn the water off and manipulate it at least once everyday . I am going back to my Pur water filter . It was nice to have cold water on the spot too . I did not take that in consideration , or if my sink was full of dishes I could n't get to the faucet . Sometimes good reviews does not always mean a great product . Anyone want to TAKE mine for free ? That 's how much it sucks !
 I bought this filter reading MOST of the reviews here . I just did n't read the right ones ... I got the filter pretty fast , but the adapters are worthless they sent male to male ends adapters and most pipes have male ends as well which drive the need to use a female to male adapter . After going from homedepot to the local plumbing store and getting nothing out of these trips I started reading the other reviews . I learned that others had a similar situation and they hardly got -LRB- if -RRB- out of it and still use the filter ... My suggestion if you absolutely want one of these filters -LRB- better have a good reason for the aggravation you 'll get through with it -RRB- is to get it from a local store so you can take it back if it does n't fit ... I would have gladly sent it back but I am willing to try one more solution ... a 55/64 `` F X 3/4 '' MH adapter off ebay . If it fits will post the info ... Meanwhile this thing gets one star just because I can not give a `` no '' star ...
 Do n't even waste your time and money with this . It is not easily mounted . Once I got it on , there were lots of leaks from around the connection and the pressure caused a leak at the base of my faucet .
 I bought this filter a few months ago and was pretty happy with the quality of the water filtration . Installation was difficult due to the way that the faucet attachment can rotate freely -LRB- hampering your attempts to screw it onto your faucet -RRB- but you only have to install it once.Unfortunately , the filter cartridges are literally impossible to replace . The instructions claim that you should be able to unscrew the cartridge from the filter , but it wo n't move . I broke one of the three plastic fins off the filter cartridge trying to remove it . I 'd recommend going with a water filter that has a less fragile approach to replacement cartridges .
 I bought this water filter because it has so many good reviews ... i do n't know why though . I installed it and it does n't do anything , there 's absolutely no difference in water taste with or without filter . Will be returning this crap .
 Tap water , it is not . Bottled water taste , it is not . Just OK . I suppose if I had it to do over again I would not buy this product .
 This filter arrived cracked but my friend kept it . She called Culligan but they would not send a replacement .
 Bought this in the middle of January and it is now April first a it is blowing water out the side . To late to return and no info on how to get Culligan to replace it .
 A small explosion . When I turned the water on , it cracked near the threads and the filter came out and started spraying water everywhere . See photos . Still bought another one since my choices are limited -LRB- the Brita and Pure filters are also poor -RRB- .
 Purchased this thing , arrived next day . Love Amazon Prime : -RRB- Installed it , tasted great . An hour later went to use it and the plastic had cracked.Ordered a replacement with Amazon , will update my review when new unit arrives .
 The filter generally worked well but the casing to the filter cracked after eight months of use . It 's possible that , when inserting the filter , we stressed the plastic casing to some extent but the crack opened under water pressure alone . The return window expired six months ago .
 I purchased this water filter for a tap in the home . Upon attachment I noticed that the flow was very weak but proceeded to fill a gallon over time . The water tasted and smelled great . However with additional use the flow just got worse to the point where no one in the house wanted to use it as it would take about 1 minute to fill an 8 oz cup . I have a Brita as well and the flow it much faster.I do not know if this is due to a faulty filter or just the way the mechanism is designed . Either way it 's completely useless now .
 I purchased this filter less than a month ago . After a daily use of about average amount the flow of water is down to a trickle . It 's time to buy a new filter . I really do n't think the water filter should last for a less than a month for an average amount of use , specially one that costs that much.Considering switching to a new model .
 In 2 months the area bewteen tap and filter started spraying all over the sink and counter . My husband replaced the rubber gasket , but the leaking and spraying did not stop . Waste of money
 Bought Culligan after reading different reviews on different consumer sites . I had Pur years ago and like anything , the filter housing just does n't function after a few years . The Culligan FM-15A was very simple to install and I was happy with it for the most part . The trickle stream of filtered water is very slow but I bought it mainly to make coffee in the morning . But now , having had it for 7 months , I 'm throwing the brand new-just bought filter and Culligan FM-15A out . The little stem simply does not function any longer . The water should run through the filter automatically stopping the water from running straight down from the faucet , then turn off the water and the little stem goes back in and you have tap water . For some reason , the stem no longer stops the water from running and nothing is coming out of my filter . I am very disappointed in this product . I understand that products do fail but I only use the thing for one mug of coffee a day in my coffee-maker and I really do think that this should have lasted longer than 7 months .
 I hope it 's better quality than brita , but as far as i can tell this is a sad little stream of water and it takes up too much space in my sink . It makes it difficult for me to fill my water bottle and other containers . Overall , i think i 'd take brita over this jus cause it fills a lot faster .
 I have never been more disappointed with a product purchase . The adapter that Culligan provides does not even fit the faucet . For all the poor quality filters that Pur sells , at least Pur has the sense to provide more types of adapters . That ensures that the Pur filter can at least can be used post purchase . Not so with Culligan . For the lack of a silly adapter -LRB- which btw costs just a few cents -RRB- , Culligan filters need to returned . The adapter should cost just a penny or two when bought on a massive scale . Yet , Culligan choose to not spend even that much for the sake of ensuring customers ' convenience . That says a lot about how little Culligan cares about customer satisfaction .
 I live in California and my local tap water is hard and bad-tasting . For decades I have been refilling gallon bottles with good water from vending machines -LRB- 35 cents per gallon at the local grocery store , but the real price is in inconvenience and back pain -RRB- . After reading numerous positive reviews of this in-sink filter , I had high hopes . But I have been consistently disappointed for six weeks . The water from the filter does not taste much better than plain tap water . It 's not nearly as good tasting as the water from Culligan -LRB- and other -RRB- vending machines . I ca n't drink it , my cats refuse to drink it , and even my house plants notice the difference . Back to the vending machines !
 i too have had problems with Brita & Pur filters , but i am confused why this item has gotten such great reviews as an alternative . i guess it just depends on your specific needs / what type of water problems you have.i felt that the Culligan filter did not filter much . if `` chlorine '' is your only issue , i suppose it will be helpful for you , but the water did not taste or even look filtered to me.i do appreciate the attachment part being made of metal , and the unit did not leak for me there ; however , it did leak from the circumference of the filter unit itself , even though the filter was fully screwed into the housing unit.perhaps the most irritating of all was how SLOWLY the water comes through this filter . after about 1 week , it was barely a trickle with the faucet turned on at full volume.i 'm moving on to yet another brand ...
 Do not get this item , I got this filter after seeing all the good reviews it had . It worked fine for the first 2 month and the problem started when it was time to change the filter . I could not unscrew the old filter whatsoever , I tried all possible ways with the filter connected to the faucet or after taking it off , nothing worked . Eventually I had to throw it out and get another filter .
 It did a good job of filtering the water , though it slowed the water flow way down . Then when it was time to change the filter , the bottom piece was screwed on so tightly , I had to take the entire contraption off of the faucet and use a wrench to get if off . After another few months , it started spraying water from under the filter side . I 'm going to try replacing the filter to see if that helps , but I 'm ready to ditch this filter and try a different brand . Also , the `` filter life monitor '' is a sticker you put on your calender .
 Neither of the two adapters fit my faucet . I thought I would just call Culligan 's technical support number listed in the booklet and get the correct adaptor . I called and I was told to call another number . I call that number and was again told I needed to call a different number . I called that number and got an answering machine and left my name and number for a return call . I have n't heard from them so I just returned the item . Way to go Culligan !!!
 I do n't know how so many people are happy with this filter ! I trust Amazon reviews and rely heavily on them , but I have been let down with this product . The Culligan system attached fine to our faucet and the water tastes great , but after installing a new filter , about three days later the filter slows down to a snail 's pace . It takes about a minute or more to fill up one water glass . We 've gone through several filters , thinking maybe we had a faulty filter , but that is n't our problem . To top it off , I tried to email the company for suggestions , but they do n't list a contact number or email .
 I am physically unable to drink tap water . I am able to taste the chlorine and hardness of the water and whatever else is floating in there . I stopped buying plastic gallon bottles because lately I could even taste the plastic in my water . This faucet filter is great . It 's convenient and I like that it 's relatively cheap . You can definitely taste the difference between the Culligan filtered water and tap water . The smell of chlorine and hardness of the water is gone . If you change the filter every 2 months as instructed , it should run you a little over $ 60/year at about $ 10 per filter cartridge . I will keep using this until I move , then I will buy the Berkley water filter system . It 's much more expensive at $ 200 - $ 300 , but you only need to change its filters about once every 10 years so in actuality you would save more money in the long run . ======================================================================= UPDATE : After owning this filter for almost 4 months now I have to change my rating from 5 to 2 stars . While it helps to make the water taste better , the filter makes my faucet leak a lot of water onto the counter . Also , it runs very very slow so it makes filling a glass full of water a real drag . I am going to bite the bullet and buy one of those water filters that sits on the counter .
 They work fine for the first week . Less and less water comes out until , by the end of the second week it 's only a trickle , and days later it 's only a few drops . I returned one and the replacement had the same problem . Not buying again .
 Installed a new one about 3 weeks ago , after my last one cracked . Used the TSD water meter to test the water this morning.With this filter on I got 138ppm ! without filter I got 110ppm , with the large bottle from Sam 's club I got 88ppm and with polar spring bottle water I got 22ppm . So now I 'm not so sure what does this filter do , it seems to add stuff in to the water : - /
 Does what its supposed to do for the price , only complaint is the slow filter output . Would n't buy it again for my other faucets .
 I bought the Culligan Level 3 faucet filter . It was easy to install and use , it just does n't have the water pressure I like . I takes forever to fill up a gallon jar . This is an important feature for me . As for the taste , the water tastes fine I just want more pressure . When I used another brand , the pressure was great but I did n't like the taste of the product .
 I installed the filter but it leaks from under the valve that has to be pulled for filteration . The water sprayed all over . Looked like the filter was broken . I called culligan and they said there is a $ 134 charge for somebody coming over and looking at it . Else they asked me to call amazon itself !
 Tried this based on good reviews . Out of six filters used three failed within days -LRB- they just blow out of the mount , blow past the threads , will not stay in at all -RRB- . One did this when first installed . Other three only last about 50 days each . . no online support system . No phone support system . . trying something else .
 Received my filter and installed it OK , but to my horror the flow of filtered water is ridiculously slow and the flow of unfiltered water not much better , both are unacceptable . Have read other ratings that bear up my complaint . No more water filters unless they do not impede the stream of water , particulary the unfiltered . IT IS GOING BACK TO AMAZON THE FIRST THING IN THE MORNING AND GOOD RIDDANCE !
 I bought this and when I received the package , I read in the manual that it should `` not be used with hot water . '' I called the company Culligan and they told me it is unsafe to use and will melt if used with hot water -LRB- above 100 F , which is really not that hot -RRB- . That makes it quite useless in many cases ... what do you do when you need hot water from your kitchen tap , e.g. , for washing dishes ... remove the filter every time ? The main problem I have is that the manufacturer does not disclose this information on the product page , but writes it only in the user manual . I felt kind of lied to and I am now trying to return the filter .
 We have a Delta Kitchen faucet in good condition and installation of the supplied adapter and attachment resulted in leakage above filter at the adapter . Tightened carefully , untightened and retightened several times in seeking to close the leak . Was unsuccessful . Pressure of water channeled through the the unit even when filtering element was `` off '' was insufficient to wash dishes effectively . Followed all OEM directions to the `` T '' . Not a good experience .
 I bought this about a month ago because my apartment has lead pipes and this is one of the best values in filters certified to remove lead . The filter is activated by pulling a small metal knob . When you turn off the water , the filter is supposed to automatically deactivate itself . This feature broke within 2 weeks of use . It 's annoying and more importantly increases the potential for damage to the filter when you forget that it 's still switched on and run hot water through it -LRB- water over ~ 105 F will permanently damage the filter cartridge -RRB- .
 The online manual suggests that this filter can be used with nearly any faucet . Well , that does n't include mine -- and my kitchen faucet is a late model unit.Frustrating and disappointing . My faucet has external threads , and the Culligan FM-15A was simply too large for it . I have trouble believing that I 'm alone .
 Not only does this not fit Price Pfister but I had to purchase a new faucet because the back pressure caused my fixture to leak.I went and purchased a nice faucet -LRB- so much for saving money on my bottled water bill -RRB- but I get it home and it wo n't fit.I did get good customer service from Culligan who suggested I take both parts to the plumbing store and get an adapter on my own . So I 'm sure I 'll get it fixed .
 The water here in Dallas becomes very difficult to drink in the summer . Something about the algae in the lakes . After trying three pur filters I decided enough of these pieces of junk . Each lasted less than one summer . I purchased the Culligan FM-15A and promptly installed it . The water quality was very good . Then the bad things . About three weeks after I installed the unit , the auto-turnoff failed . It has n't worked since . I 've tried the recommend CLR treatment but no-go . And it has become increasingly difficult to turn off as time has gone by . This evening , the top of the housing cracked and started leaking . Net result , it lasted about as longas one of the pur filter units . So it 's back to square one . Searching for a faucet based water filter that works and will last.Robert MegeePlano , Texas
 You can only buy these online , if you need one fast forget it . The whole unit broke at the filter threads from the water pressure . Water was spraying out everywhere . The charcoal also broke off on the inside of the filter . Cheap , buy another brand . We are now using a PUR , much better .
 I had a Pur water filter , and I was happy with it except that it cost a lot for the replacement filters.I read the great reviews of the Culligan and bought one 10 months ago.After about six months the mechanism that switches it between tap and filter started leaking.I took it off and replaced the rubber gasket , but the leaking continued , because the mechanism itself was leaking.Now the leaking has become a spray that means i have to drape a cloth over the filter so it does not go all over the counter.I did a subscribe and save to get a new filter every month , typically I need one every three weeks , and I am just one person , after a few weeks it becomes a drip and water barely comes through at all.It gets so slow that I can leave the house and go shopping and come back and a water jug is about 3/4 full.On the upside I like the taste of the water , but not being a chemist like most of the other reviewers , I ca n't tell you what it is actually taking out of the water . I really do n't know how other reviewers can say that the Culligan filtered out more impurities . How are they testing the water ? That 's bogus!But I can say that the filter lasted MUCH less time than the Pur , that 's a stone cold fact.Now that the price of the Culligan has gone up , I realize that I 've been had , so I guess I 'll go back to the other one with my tail between my legs .
 Bought this three weeks ago . Seems to filter the water okay but the valve stem has already stopped working which means you have to remember to push it back in after each use or the filter wo n't last every long !
 I purchased this product after reading all the reviews . Now , when I am ready to change the filter , the filter will not come out ! I called the company and all I was told is to soak it in vinegar to remove any mineral deposits . No luck ! Soaked overnight ! Have tried every way possible to get the filter to release without luck ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 so this is the first faucet filter i bought . before i relied on those brita filters , but since i have a small kitchen now , i opted for this after reading great reviews about the product . honestly , i ca n't really taste a difference in the water , but trust the sources that harmful particles are being removed from my tap.here is my biggest gripe . the attachment extends your faucet nozzle a bit . so if you are like me and have a low profile kitchen faucet , it really gets in the way when doing dishes -LRB- not to mention that we have to constantly swing the filter around when doing dishes so it does n't get in the way as well -RRB- . The pull trigger on the adapter is now sticking after 6 months of use.next steps
 Be aware that the filter is made of polypropylene , which is suspected to have its own health hazards . The same may be true of other brands -LRB- still looking -RRB- , but thought the health-minded buyer should be aware.There is plenty of literature to raise this as a legitimate concern . If anyone can speak specifically to the use of polypro in water filters I would be interested in an informed opinion .
 I bought this because of the ratings and would filter more gallons . Spent a whole day looking for an adaper that would fit a Peerless/Delta faucet with external threads . Never could find one . Funny , the Pur one fit faucet perfectly . Sent this back .
 Am I the only one who received a purple , not white , water filter ? What the heck is going on?Obviously purple does n't go with anyone 's kitchen so I 'm returning it . This is the strangest thing I 've ever seen . Box is white , filter is purple.I have no idea how it works because I sent it back right away .
 Wo n't fit my new faucet -LRB- it 's not fancy or anything -RRB- . According to the box directions I can go to a local hardware store and get another piece to fit between the 2 to attach it . That seems like more work that it 's worth considering I ca n't detach the faucet to take to the store with me . So it 's sitting in a closet for now .
 I was initially very pleased with my purchase of this purifier , except for the lack of a ` time-to-change ' indicator as mentioned by other reviewers . Unfortunately , that good feeling was short-lived . Two months into use , the pin that is supposed to automatically retract and turn off the filter after use stopped being automatic and stayed in place . We now have to push it in manually each time we use the filter . The water tastes fine -- the Culligan I used to know -- but the device needs improvement .
 I love the filter . The last replacement filter , however , is now stuck in the compartment . I ca n't get it out . Unless I find a solution , I 'll have to buy another chamber .
 I have a nothing-special kitchen faucet . When I remove my aerator , there are external threads . According to this product 's instructions , I should be able to screw the filter right on to the faucet . Well , the diameter of my faucet is smaller than the attachment on the filter ! There are NO adaptors included to compensate for this ! Am I now stuck with a useless filter ???? Or do I have to change my entire faucet to make it fit ?
 This is not a good filter . I really wanted it to be , due to the price , but I wasted my money . Its bulky on the faucet , the toggle quits working , so you have to manually switch it over , and it is just plain cheap . I respect Culligan and this was a nice try , but ... I just got an Aquasana for 99.00 and LOVE it . Fast running , clean tasting , toggle works , it is great .
 The filter came once installed defective knob that allows water to pass filter travez arrived damaged and does not stand alone , the only way is to filter the water that constantly hold , not recommended .
 I do n't like this . I think it 's a big waste of time and money . I had a reverse osmosis water system before this , so it of course could never compare , but I thought it might at least do something for me since some of the reviews were good . The water comes out of this very slow , too slow for me to stand and wait.Just invest in a reverse osmosis water system , that 's the best in the long run and then you do n't have to mess with contraptions like this .
 very dissappointed . at first worked ok , but when I tried to replace the filter , I could never stop it from leaking ... too late to return it ,
 I bought this in hopes of getting cleaner drinking water . I have a water filter that i have had for 15 years i bought a water tester that test TDS or total dissolved solids suffice to say you want your water to score from 0-50 to be the best . My tap water is 230 and after testing my filtered water from my old filter it was at 229 -LRB- water tastes fine but i would imagine the filter is no good anymore -RRB- So i purchased the culligan filter , it installs in about a minute and after running the water for about 10 minutes i tested the water expecting some great results and low and behold it was the exact opposite this water filter is putting out water at 280 , you get better water out of public water fountains.Whats even worse is Amazon has raised the price on these twice in the last week.sure it goes on easy , and the water looks clear and may not taste funny , that still does n't mean its clean or ideal drinking water . My 15 yr old filter that i never replaced the inside filter is proof of that . I decided to test some of the bottled waters out there Brita is not much better scoring 190 . Fiji = 121sparklett = 12niagra = 4kroger brand = 5nestle 's = 50crystal geysers = 79arrowhead 100 % mountain spring water = 229 -LRB- its tap water -RRB- Why would anyone want to pay money to get more poluted water than their tap puts out . This item gets a 10/10 for ease of use and gets a 0/10 for doing what its supposed to do-provide clean drinking water
 It has n't changed the taste of my bad tasting water . The `` kit '' did not include the adapter I needed . I found one at Home Depot - another $ 4.00 . My sink spout is smaller in diameter than the filter.On a positive note , it has n't leaked and it does shut off by itself when you turn the water off.Without testing the water somehow , I have no idea what impurities are actually being reduced.I would not purchase this product again .
 I like other reviewers installed and re-installed and re-installed only to have the unit LEAK.It was very frustrating and i thought it was me because i am not at all handy.Amazon was nice when i called for a return label so this crap is going back ...
 The water tasted fine but the installation was a nightmare and despite everything , the thing leaked relentlessly . Added to the fact that calling Culligan customer service gets you on hold until they shove you into a voicemail box and then never return your call made me take a fresh look at the Pur which took 10 minutes to install and that included the flushing process . No leaks and the water tastes as good as the Culligan . Giving the 2 stars because the water did taste okay and the thing was cheap .
 Bought the filter and it broke after 1 month . Bought another filter thinking it was left on for a long time . Nope . Wasted money . Buy the more expensive for ... $ 5 more !
 I could n't get it to work . I hooked it up and the water would spray everywhere.Maybe if you have a newer faucet or plumbing experience you will have better luck.The refill cartridge is hard to pick out since the model numbers are almost the same-so make sure you are actually purchasing the right refill if you do get this to work .
 The water comes out in a trickle so I thought it was defective but when i called the company , I was told its the way its supposed to work . Its supposed to take 20-30 seconds to fill up an 8 oz cup ! And soon after we got it , it got even slower .
 I have no problem with the filtering system , but Culligan says it lasts for two months . Mine have lasted for one month . After one month you can still get water through the filter , but it trickels into a glass . It take a few minutes to fill a glass up . At $ 20 a filter -LRB- Costa Rica -RRB- I am not going to buy a filter every month .
 I could NOT install it as it did not fit . User 's manual tells you to go get an adapter from a plumber . Eh ...
 This product sits in my hallway closet . I ca n't find any attachments that will fit with my modern looking faucet . It may work great on older type faucets . But not mine . Thank you for reading my review .
 This Culligan filters the water well , but after using it for 2-3 months , It developed a slight dripping leak from the side of the filter -LRB- only leaks while the filter is on -RRB- . Changed the cartridge , no difference . Also , the button that turns the filter on/off no longer auto shuts off when the faucet is shut off , So you can end up using the filter more quickly if you are not proactive about the switch .
 I just bought a set of the product and fitted it with my faucet . The filtered water stream is very small which I can accept.But when I let the water flow the un-filtered stream , the water stream is same as the filtered one.I have to spend much longer time to wash my dishes . I checked the design , no way to change this , it is designed like that . Both stream use the same small whole to flow out.Eventually I have to dismount this filter from my faucet , really ca n't tolerate so ridiculously small water stream for washing dishes.How come nobody mention/complain this ?
 Seems a good product , attaches well , seems to filter . But when I wanted to replace the filter the filter cover would NOT come off ... tried by hand , tried by pliers , tried by wrench ... it is cemented . So I had to order a whole new unit.Is this the scam?I have respected the Culligan name , until now ... made cheaply somewhere in the world for more profit .
 Followed directions , instalation easy , but cut water pressure in half on non-filtered , and was even worse when on filtered.Takes forever to just fill a glass , and to tell the truth I did n't taste much differance in the water . Would not recommend .
 Spend your $ 16 on a weeks worth of bottled water instead of this . Water actually tastes worse after going through it . Someone in a previous review had a good tip
 I was a satisfied user until one day when I could n't get the darned thing open to replace the filter . I called Culligan and got passed around , finally leaving a voicemail.Corporate has no idea how to handle complaints , either . Those who will answer are used to expensive , permanent devices.Because time is also worth something , it is not cost effective to bother with `` support . '' Maybe a pitcher system would be better
 I tasted the water straight from the tap and then from the filtered source . I registered no discernable difference . The water here in Las Vegas tastes bad and smells bad to me . In the past , when I have run out of bottled water , tap water is still undrinkable and I have to make an emergency trip to the convenience store . Fortunately , I have many choices to obtain bottled water 24 hours a day because I really ca n't drink this stuff . All that said , this item does not help my situation . I have a zero water filter system which works great , but I go through a filter every few days , so I no longer use it . I drink about a gallon or more of water every day . To summarize , I wound ' t recommend it . Also , it takes about 20 seconds to fill a 16 ounce cup . I did follow all the included instructions perfectly .
 Tested my water quality with this before installing this product : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002C0A7ZY/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00And it did n't improve the water quality 1 bit . Waste of money .
 purchasd water filter and extra filter - based on reviews . However can not attach unit to my kitchen faucet.none of the adapters work for my faucet - so can not really rate item . called culligan customer serviceand still waiting response . return window expired around 6/25/2012 so can only receive partial refund and must pay return fee - so now stuck with items that I can not use - since it will cost me more to return items . the threaded attachment on unit is too large for my faucet and the two adapters are too small.No filtered water in Brooklyn
 I ordered this to replace my Brita pitcher . Problem is it wo n't go on my faucet , even with the adapters provided . I wanted to return it , but once the return postage is deducted from the refund it 's not worth the hassle ! Culligan says to contact a local plumbing supply for an appropriate adapter . More money down the drain , more hassle ... Not worth it ! I guess I 'll keep my Brita .
 Ok , I am very upset with this product right now . My husband and I have been trying for TWO DAYS to change the filter . It will NOT come out . My husband is no weakling . He is known as `` Mr Fix-it '' usually . Because of the shape , there is nothing for him to grab on to with his wrench so if it 's too tight , you 're screwed ! I do NOT want to go through this every other month so I am canceling my subscribe and save for replacement filters and I 'm just going to start all over again with a new unit -LRB- not a Culligan , obviously ! -RRB- If you are lucky enough to get one that is n't too tight , make sure you do n't screw the new one in too tight when you change it . Better yet , just do n't buy one this brand to start with ! There is another brand on another site that last 3 times as long anyway -LRB- at least it claims to but I have n't tried it yet -RRB- and it 's only $ 24 so much cheaper in the long run .
 This filter was easy to fix to the tap.However the filter system doesnt last long . Used it for less than a month and the water pressure from the filter has dropped drastically . Not durable and certainly doesnt last as long as it states it should !
 Water tasted metallic . Twitter guy sent me to a distributor who could n't help . Switched to Pur filter . All fine now .
 Most people get water filters unnecessarily , fearing contaminants that are n't really there . Although my water had some sulfate contamination , I could n't detect a difference by filtering it . For someone who gets straight unpurified water from a well , a filter is a necessity , but for most tap waters , the filter is only a placebo benefit .
 It 's leaking from the bottom after changing filters for the third time . On top of that , I see particulate floating in the water . I have one more filter and once that 's used it 's back to Pur .
 JUST NOT SATISFIED ... the stream comes out very slow and water does ` nt taste any better . why buy it . . i do n't recommend it .
 I put this on my kitchen sink and the water flow was so slow that I had to remove it . the water barely trickled out and was so slow that it took 15 minutes to do something that was very a 10 second job . maybe I installed it wrong but its not for me .
 I suppose it 's my own fault . Having purchased this filter in an effort to save money and based on the positive reviews , I was only a little surprised when the thing broke down after two-and-a-half months . Two weeks after putting a new filter in it , go figure . So , having this filter on hand , and faucet mounts costing almost as much as the filters themselves , I bought another one . That one lasted three-and-a-half months before breaking the exact same way -LRB- read
 After having to replace the whole PUR faucet system multiple times due to cracks and leaks I was happy to try this system with its 5 year warranty . Easy to put on , replace filters , inexpensive ! However , I can not drink the water from this as the taste is so inferior to the PUR . So now I use this water for cooking and my animals and have a PUR pitcher in my frig ...
 product worked great for a couple of months . first filter change , replacement popped out and broke . Amazon kindly sent another . . same thing happened , , the filter housing cracked . Water tasted great , would replace the whole thing every 60 days if price was same as replacement filter . it was great while it worked.Culligan FM-15A Faucet Filter
 I 've had this faucet filter for half a year now . It was good for the first few months . About month 3 or 4 the button that activated the filter started sticking . Also , replacing the filter cartridges is a LOT more difficult that the directions say . I had to disconnect the filter and bring it to work and it still took 2 guys to get the filter out . I would not recommend this product .
 Just installed this filter . The obvious plus is that it is easy to install , and as noted by others it 's a nice touch that valve / switch automatically returns to tap water after filter . On my previous filter I -LRB- or others ! -RRB- would forget to switch it back.The water tastes good -- gets the heavy chlorine taste out nicely.My main complaint , and a deal breaker for me , is that the water is just too slow through the filter . I timed it and it takes 50 seconds to fill 1 pint -LRB- = 2 cups = 500mL -RRB- . So it would take 1 ' 30 '' to fill one of my regular bottles or 7.5 minutes to fill my five water bottles ? That 's just nuts.The previous filter i had , Purenex SS-1 Countertop Water Filter , is much bigger and but water could come through much faster . The reason I got rid of that was that I lost the little device you need to get it open to change the filter.Not sure there 's a perfect filter out there , but if flow rate matters to you then avoid this!Update
 I wish I had read some of the 1 star reviews too . This might be a great product IF it could be installed . My faucet is a regular type which can switch between 1 large stream vs many small sprays . This makes it slightly wider than the bare-bones `` pipe like '' faucet ends . However , despite being only slightly wide at the watering end , this filter will not fit on my faucet - the filter housing conflicts with the faucet neck . I went to home depot and Aces hardware - nobody carried any adaptors that would help my situation . Culligan , please keep more horizontal distance between the faucet attaching site and the filter housing to accomodate wider faucets.So in summary , it looks like a great filter in theory but it wo n't fit . I 'm returning it in under 2 hours .
 This water filter worked really well for about 2 months . The lever -LRB- a small nail that you pull out -RRB- for use started sticking . I had to put a new filter in after that . Now nothing works . I have only owned the whole thing for 3 months ! Not worth it!I imagine I will go back to Brita . It held up better than any other system . When my Brita housing broke down , they sent me a new housing right away through the mail . I ca n't imagine why I quit using it now .
 Final update 8/11/11
 Thought the adapter would work on my tap as it is fairly new -LRB- pull-out type with sprayer -RRB- but of course it did n't . Bought this while back and have yet to get the proper adapter . Was going to send it back but it 's more of a hassle than what it is worth . Culligan should really get a modern adapter as most people do n't have old taps !!!! Guess I will never know how it works until maybe oneday I do find the right one !!!
 This filter reduces your * nonfiltered * water flow by over 40 % Unbelievable and useless unless you can up the pressure hugely.Water tastes fine . Poor flow through design absolutely ruins this thing . Pur at least allows the water through .
 Leaking and dripping in less than a year of use . wish it was better quality . It has good taste though
 This unit worked well for a few months , after which it developed a dripping problem . I was certain that there was an easy fix for this , so I tried to contact support . Over two weeks , I made three attempts to contact customer service at their customer service email address . No acknowledgement email ; no response . I then tried their 800 number , but was on hold `` for the next available agent '' for over 30 minutes . I gave up.If you have any trouble with this unit , Buyer Beware !
 The Culligan name was one to respect . I read the reviews and just knew I could n't go wrong . Well in my case I did go wrong!I installed my Culligan faucet to my sink on Dec. 29th . Today is Jan. 11th and it just took over 5 minutes to get water for an 8 oz . cup . I am the only one who uses it and have only used the filter for drinking water by the glass or cup and the filter is finished . I did buy a second filter so I can make the change soon.I must admit that the water taste is better than with the Brita or Pur but I am on a fixed income and ca n't afford all the filters it will require unless I prefer to put the filtered water above food . It would be cheaper for me to buy water.Maybe I just got a defective filter but after this filter goes , I will reinstall my put aside , Brita.Sorry for the poor review but for what it 's worth , the filter does give better taste so I assume it takes out more impurities .
 I thought this little thing was great when I first installed it . Quick and easy installation and the water comes out flowing just fine . However after 2 weeks the water only some of the water drips out and I have no clue what happens to the rest of the water . This thing may be cheap , but it will certainly raise your WATER BILL . Do n't buy , it is pure junk . The price tag does not justify the crap that this is because it will take you forever to fill a cup and all the water you use will not go into the cup , I think it stays inside of that dumb filter . It 's a waste .
 I bought the tool from walmart to check if the water is really purified by this filter and how much it is purified . The ironic thing is at first the water turns to be more `` dirty '' after it is purified . Do n't listen to the business person say it is because of carbon , it 's not , after one month , the `` dirty '' filter is washed out and the water shows completely same quality before and after filtration !!! I ca n't bear this . Do n't buy this .
 I did exactly what is written in the installation guide ... but the stem/valve did n't work at all . I had to hold my hand once i need filtered water ... it will not be held automatically even with the right water pressure ... . the valve/stem is rubbish ... . I advise you not to buy it .
 I love the idea of cleaner , better tasting water , but I just removed this filter from my faucet . The flow is SO SLOW , that it takes about 6 minutes to fill a 64oz pitcher . I even tried changing the filter to make sure the first one was n't defective . I would not recommend this product .
 Used the product for 2 weeks and then it could n't stay on the facet and kept falling down . so I had to stop using it .
 This filter is completely worthless . I tested it with a water quality tester , and it did n't change anything . Not only that , but the instructions require you to run your water through the filter for 10 whole minutes before you can even start using it . Who wants to do that ? Talk about a waste ! I 'd save your money and not buy this piece of junk .
 Was shipped quick - screwed on in seconds ... did n't work . Filter cartridge was blocked - did n't even let air pass through . Ended up tossing it , what a waste .
 Like other one star reviews , I can not attach this filter onto my faucet , I have tried both my kictchen and bathroom , either of them fit . I guess I could just return it instead of wasting my money .
 I 've read reviews on amazon for all filters and decided on these . I live in New York and by the time the water comes out our faucets its almost like sewage . I 've tried three myself , one was broken and two of the filters out of five were not functioning . My girlfriend got one and it was n't much better . We have both moved around and no matter what water pressure we had the amount of water coming out of these filters has been pathetic . It was mostly just dripping , sort of like not closing the faucet all the way . I 've bought additional three filters , and one had great pressure but I do n't think it filtered as I could still taste the chlorine . For some reason these get clogged up after two years and even turned off the water pressure drops dramatically . In the end they do n't filter or allow water to flow through . I wondered about suing this company , but they 're too pathetic for me to do that as poland spring already ruined their business and home delivery services . Hopefully you will stay away , but if not feel free to learn from your own mistakes .
 It was not rated by Consumer Reports but I decided to buy it anyway because of the $ 25 + price and I was tired of hauling the 3 gallon bottles of Glacier water -LRB- 20 centper gallon at the grocery store vending machine -RRB- up to my 2nd floor apartment . My ice cubes used to be clear but now they are cloudy . The water is ok in my morning coffee -LRB- battery acid probably would be too -RRB- . I still buy the Glacier water -LRB- though less -RRB- for that cold glass of ice water that I take to bed every night . You get what you pay for .
 i waited for this filter in got it homw and it wouldnt even fit at all . none of the attachments would make it fit either so i return it
 was a waste of money for me , I tossed it along with the rest of the assembly .
 I bought this water filter almost a year ago . It worked fine and our horrible tasting tap water was made drinkable.After about 3 months , the metal pull switch to change between faucet water and filter water started to stick . Then , even though I changed the filter cartridge per the recommended schedule , the housing cracked open after about 10 months of use . Culligan may have a 2 year warranty , but good luck reaching them . Their phone numbers -LRB- 1 from the box , 1 from the instructions , and 2 from Amazon customer service -RRB- all go straight to voicemail , and they never returned any of my calls . Amazon should remove the 2 year warranty information from the product description .
 I have no idea if this product works or not . This Culligan faucet filter does NOT fit my Moen Faucet , so I 'm returning . My faucet is n't fancy , it 's just a regular faucet . I 'm disappointed.Thankfully Amazon has a wonderful return policy !
 I do n't have any complaint about the water quality from filter ... i guess it should be good but I had to replace 2 units in 2 years or so . First one did not got jammed with the cartridge and i discovered this once it was time to replace the cartridge . Nothing worked to unscrew the cartridge.On my second unit the pull out plug got lose and comes out once in a while when you use it . Also the top of holder developed crack in less than a year due to water pressure.I guess it could be well constructed to avoid these kind of issues .
 It was easy to attach to the faucet but it leaks and continually comes unscrewed from the faucet . I would not repurchase .
 Do not buy this product !! Extremely inaccurate and false-alarm prone . We purchased this easy-to-use CO detector for our home . We plugged it in and about a month later , it woke us at 4:00 a.m. to tell us that it detected CO in the air . I called the fire department to check the CO levels , and none was detected anywhere in the home . One of the firemen said that he had the same thing happen to him with his First Alert CO detector . ALL of the firemen said that the First Alert detector was prone to giving false alarms , and that the Kidde Knighthawk was the best on the market . After the firemen left , I searched the internet and found that many other people have had similar problems . A few people compared CO levels side-by-side , using the First Alert unit and the more sophisticated fireman 's unit . The First Alert unit consistently detected CO in the air when there was none .
 My also failed in less than a year - It now constantly beeps and indicates ` err ' on the display.I did n't have my original receipt -LRB- I did n't buy it from Amazon -RRB- , but I decided to call first alert warranty services anyway -LRB- 1-800-323-9005 -RRB- . The very friendly CSR told me that the ` err ' display indicates the sensor has failed and the unit will need to be replaced . She gathered my shipping info and some info about the unit and offered to send a replacement for $ 6.50 to cover S&H ; , and I would need to mail a check or money order since their credit-card system was down.I 'm going to send in the check . I 'm hoping they 've addressed the quality issues , and the new unit will last longer .
 This CO detector seemed fine until we got an Air Hog remote controlled helicopter which set the detector off . Next we got a Vizio HD TV and just turning the TV on caused the detector to activate it 's alarm . This thing was a waste of money . If you 're in the market for a carbon monoxide detector , look elsewhere .
 I have the exact same experience as the previous reviewer . The unit quit working after a year or so . It had Err in the LCD . I called warranty service and the Indian tech support guy was quite friendly and agreed to replace it at $ 6.5 for shipping and processing . They only take check or money order only because their credit card system is down . It seems that the credit card system has been down forever and they never bother to fix it.The quality of this product is questionable since there are so many failures . Try to avoid it at all costs .
 First alert refuses to replace because it works for about a day on a new battery . Yes , its plugged in . So they have me put a new battery in and voila it works . They did there job . The next day or week it beeps again saying `` bat . '' Call First alert , Repeat . I paid $ 50 for a two pack . Very unhappy with the company
 Like everyone else said , do n't buy this . It requires a 9v battery to work properly even if hooked up to electric outlet . And then it eats up the brand new battery in 1 week and starts beeping that the battery is dead . I have had it for a few years and it seems once a year , I pull it out and plug it in with new battery just to find out that a week later it will start beeping that battery is dead . Very disapointing .
 I had two of these units in my house . They seem to be engineered to fail just beyond the 5 year warranty . In both cases , the units complained about a low battery condition and refused to clear the warning when a new battery was installed .
 I purchased this First Alert Carbon Monoxide Alarm as well as a NON-digital First Alert carbon monoxide alarm . I bought them on the same day.This alarm has gone off SEVERAL times , and it says to EVACUATE as well as states that the CO level is `` 400 PPM '' . I was sure my gas-line on my dryer was the culprit , so I stopped using the dryer for a week . I also put the non-digital alarm next to this one . STILL , the digital alarm will go off and yet the other one is silent -LRB- does not alarm -RRB- . I also looked up and discovered others have experienced false alarms . This alarm was purchased in January , 2009 , so it is new.Stay away from this product !
 So far I have been unable to use the Smoke/Fire Detector . I worked for quite a long time trying to insert the battery . Finally I had to give up . I am hoping that when my granddaughter who is in college gets home for Thanksgiving vacation , she will be able to figure out how to make the detector work !
 Would be a great tool ... if there were n't so many overlooked problems at the factory.Cons :1 -RRB- One battery was dead and had to be replaced2 -RRB- Charger did n't work and had to be replaced3 -RRB- Is n't compatible with newest 18v `` M '' linePros :1 -RRB- In Milwaukee 's defense they did replace all defective products -LRB- which is what was supposed to be done in the first place . -RRB- 2 -RRB- This tool has ample power and performs amazingly.Recommendation : Buy it new . I 'll never buy a refurbished tool again .
 We moved into a house that has one of these in the garage . I discovered the light alarm feature by shining a light on the unit while I was surfing for info on the WEB . Quite a surprise !!! My unit does NOT look like the unit shown here ! I 'm concerned that I may have out-of-date protection . This gets one star because there is NO info on the WEB about and NO pds manual!dalenieman@mac.com
 before buying this . . if you are serious ... and you can afford it ... look into festool 's version of this concept . light years better , one of the best purchases our shop ever made . especially good for site work when you need precise cuts but did n't bring the table saw . i shunned such ` snooty ' tools for years but now i 'm convinced that most of what festool makes is the best in it 's class .
 This device sounds good on paper , but in practice it fails to deliver . First of all , mounting the sled to my Dewalt circular saw was a major PITA . The clamps that hold the rail down to your workpiece do not work very well , so I used regular C-clamps . Next , the aluminum rail deflected almost 1/2 inch across the 8 foot length of plywood in the middle . This was the deal breaker for me . After trying to modify it and re-enforce it , I gave up and threw it in the garbage.Just get a long straight edge and forget about this type of device .
 Get a real panel saw !!! This thing slipped at the edges , put large dents in my wood when it held , bowed in the center where the two pieces of angle were joined . Basically , you might as well use a piece of iron and a couple clamps . It is definitely not for precision work . I wrecked 2 sheets of plywood -LRB- 1/4 '' off in the center of an 8 ' pieces and up to 1/4 '' slip on the end -RRB- before I decided to borrow a real cabinet saw . I would definitely not recommend it for anything .
 Had to return it unfortunately . I have no idea why they made the socket holes so small . My flat screen TV was purchased at Best Buy in NYC . No excuse for why it did n't fit like it should have . Waste of my time and money .
 The Umbrella Light holder does not stay together at the 2 seams and the metal that holds the tea lights has already fallen apart ... it was a TOTAL waste of money !!!
 Not good if your ceiling fan ca n't pull the weight of the heavy blades . \ Had to return the product but it was not a problem doing so .
 These fan blade covers are a clever alternative to replacing a fan or its blades . But , the product looks extremely cheap -- nothing we would want in our home . I would have expected a great deal more for the price . Unless you are looking for a very expensive , cheap looking solution to your fan blade replacement , I would recommend avoiding these .
 If you really want 210 gph pump look elsewhere . I would guess it is pumping about half that capacity and even less after about a week without cleaning the entire system . It needs cleaning about once a week because it starts to clog and air builds up inside the box and makes it float . Should have gotten another tetra pond filter like I had for 5 years but wanted to try and save a few bucks . Bad choice on my part , will probably be replacing this summer .
 The product description indicates that this has a 20 foot cord . The set I got has a 15 foot cord , which means it would n't work in my pond after I spent an hour setting it all up . Now what am I supposed to do - return a sopping wet pump box ? I am not happy .
 I purchased this plate from another company HF -LRB- Not Amazon -RRB- . I have had it in use for about two years and about a year ago the edges began to spring up a bit in the corners causing a very big problem with stock bumping while routing . Needless to say the `` bump '' would transfere to the piece and ruin it ! I have dealt with this off and on since then -LRB- I dont use my router table as often as I could/should -RRB- I am now buying an aluminum plate to replace it and wish I had never wasted money/time on the HF unit . I hope this review cause those shoppers out there to pass on this unit and in fact pass on all phenolic plates and go to the metal ones for long term satisfaction .
 I 've used a few router table insert plates . The JessEm Rout-R-Plate is the one I 've had for the past five years . I recently decided to add another router table to my shop , and thought I 'd try the MLCS plate . I 've ordered a LOT of router bits from MLCS , and have never had a problem . This plate , however , is a piece of junk . After five years of having a Bosch 2 1/4 horsepower router hanging under the JessEm there is zero warp to the plate -LRB- I just checked ... it is dead flat . -RRB- The MLCS came out of the packaging with warp in two directions . It warps downward in the long dimension , and upward in the short dimension . The mounting instructions spec . that there is intentional `` crown '' to counteract the downward force of the router hanging below . Why ? A good plate should not flex , and what do you do until gravity corrects the crown ? Also , the removable rings snap in with friction fit - no locking action . That 's asking for frustration if not an accident .
 The product description says it is `` approximately 9 x 12 inches '' . That may be fine for someone who will cut a hole in their router table for the insert , but for those who already have a router table , the exact measurements are needed . Pretty much the standard for inserts is 9-1/4 - Inch by 11-3/4 - Inch . I would buy one of these if I knew for sure the exact size .
 I 've put on toilet seats before and they are pretty much no-brainers . However , I ca n't figure this one out . No directions so I went online and got directions for this model -- except that Kohler has changed the pieces used to attach the seat to the bowl . My Ph.D. husband is stumped also .
 This item says it is available in 1-2 weeks but I have been waiting it for two months and am still waiting ... I was confused each time when I was required to approve the delay again and again ... Eventually , I had to get a hose from Lowes to save my project.If you are preparing a project to use this , be prepared for the long delay .
 waiting ... . waiting ... . waiting some more ... . why would this item even be advertised , if it would n't be available for several months ????????????? /
 The new Waterpik showerheads are NOT as good as the old onesThis review is from
 I clcked one star because it wo n't accept zero . We bought this salt brand from Ace Hardware . After the first use our brine tank had a disgusting layer of gunk on top of the water . I called Hague -LRB- who soldus our softener -RRB- to ask if I used the wrong kind of salt , and they said it should n't matter . But they were wrong . We cleaned out the tank and started over -LRB- this is the only brand of potassium salt that Ace carries right now -RRB- and it happened again . I found a Water Softener Q/A site that says crystal salt is the lowest quality and contains the most impurities . We will not use this salt ever again . Previously we used pellet-style potassium salts and had no problems .
 Read very carefully , you are purchasing only one bag not four . The way they write this up it sounds like you are receiving four not one bag . Shipping was out of sight and made you believe you would be receiving four bags instead of one . I will not purchase anything from this company again . So I tell you be careful of this company and how they sell their products .
 Ace switched over to this brand over a year ago from another brand that worked great . Since then we have had all types of problems with our water softner system . We finally figured out after virtually replacing every part in the tanks and water softner tub that these crystals were the problem . They not only contain many impurities but they tend to `` cake '' over and clog up the area where the water is filtrated in the tub . THis then prevents the water from filling or sometimes results in overfilling the tub . In order to use these tablets we ca n't have more than one bag in the tub at any time and generally end up scooping it out in order to get the granuals that have `` caked up '' out of the tub . Unfortunately it took a year to trace the root cause back to these crystals .
 This flashlight will break in a matter of seconds if dropped . Poorly built at best . Get a regular type flashlight any brand will be better .
 Unbelievable !! I open the Amazon box and the box is all torn up . I pulled out the plastic container and I thought I was dreaming but the fluid was ~ 25 % gone , no seal under the cap and build-up around the cap screw lines ... IT WAS USED !
 I have bought this product from Sears on Black Friday sale.And i would have given it four stars if it worked the way it 's supposed to.Nice kit , except it 's off by three inches at distance of only 10 '' when both levels on the unit show that it 's perfectly leveled , unbelievable ... I had a higher opinion of Craftsman brand , but i guess i should have excepted this as the product is made in China ...
 It worked well for about a week . Now its off by 6 inches on an 11 ft wall . I did not drop it , bump it or abuse it . I even took the batteries out when stored . Do n't waste your money .
 In the 11 months I 've owned this piece of equipment , I 've had a good news , bad news relationship with it.Good
 I am a pro woodworker , and am dissatisfied with this Machine . I have other Grizzly machines , which I 'm happy with - cabinet table saw , 8 '' jointer , edge sander.The Good : Very powerful machine , heavy duty body.The bad : Blows dust all over the shop and IN YOUR FACE . The seal/gasket between the barrel lid and the barrel is LAME . That Barrel should be attached with a snap ring . The hasps that hold the barrel on are poorly designed and in their own way . Very frustrating , unless you like bits of dust escaping the system during operation , which makes me crazy after all the money and setup time.The worst , however , is the plastic collection bag at the end of the pleated filter . First , it is too large for the flange where it attaches , so you have to pleat this plastic bag . Then you have to fasten it with a metal strap , which eventually rips the bag . Then you have to order another bag from grizzly , only to repeat this same lame sequence of failed procedures . This , too , should be a barrel with a snap ring , like the oneida.Since buying this machine , I have worked in a shop with an Oneida 2hp system . If I had it to do over , I 'd go with Oneida in a heartbeat . While comparing companies , I should mention that I have also tried Penn State . I 'd take Grizzly over Penn State.Now that I 've vented my splean , I 'm off to work in the dust shop .
 We 've had this maching for about a year.Good - It 's powerful . Remote control is nice.Bad - Barrel drum is too small . Pleated filter cleaning system is horrible and almost impossible to pull and is a real chore . Without cleaning , the system has no power . Bag below filter tore after several hours of use , however I just take large heavy duty black garbage bags , double them up and they work well . Overall I will be trying to replace the filter with a bag of some sort as cleaning the filter is unrealistic . Bad job Grizzly . I have other Grizzly tools and have good luck with them .
 The Collector is not that bad it is the filtering system that is so low quality that it needs to be addressed . What Grizzly does n't tell you is that this unit is not designed to work with any thing that creates fine dust . It blocks ups immediately and is inefficient at picking up dust . The filer had 2 handles that you pull to operate a brush to clean the filter , This is an exercise in futility . The handles will not work easy as the wire pull system will clog with dust and you need a good arm to pull them down . I mean they get hard and VER DIFFICULT to work and it does n't get the fines out of the filter . The filter becomes useless in about 8 hrs of run time and you have to take it off the unit and blow it clean . Expect to replace the filter annually at a cost of about $ 300 . To say I am disappointed is an understatement . IT will work great for a week or 2 then you will see the operation of this fall backwards . If they can design a better filter than the cartridge it make make this a better piece . I would not buy another one and will replace this unit as I find it ok for a hobby shop that used it an hour a month.Yes Grizzly will support the product they just do n't tell you how bad this filter design .
 Ca n't get plastic bags - backordred for 3 + months . This is the second time - apparently normal for Grizzly .
 This toilet seat is NOT worth the money . The quite close function quits working . The bolt covers do not stay on.I returned the first one to Kohler for a replacement , but that one soon broke as well.I am going to buy a different brand rather than return my second one !
 Impossible to install securely . Mounting hardware is useless . First two claims on box -LRB- Prevents loosening , Fast and foolproof -RRB- are the opposite of reality.Manager of this product should be fired asap and product should be removed from market .
 We purchased this Kohler toilet seat because we thought it would be durable , and we also liked the quiet-close feature . Well , after 5 months , the lower part of the seat completely split open near one of the feet that makes contact with the toilet . I 'm a 175 lb male and my spouse is petite . We certainly did n't overload it . I read another review here that mentioned the seat splitting . Think twice before buying this toilet seat .
 Horrible - no bolts included , been to 4 hardware/plumbing stores to find bolts , looked at Kohler drawing which does not include part number or way to order bolts , absolutely can not tighten enough to keep seat from moving , and already the seat is cracked from it slipping underneath someone . This , BTW , is the third replacement seat on two kohler toilets - you can likely think of the word I 'd use to describe kohler products at this point . It 's befitting their products and terrible quality . Buy any other brand ...
 I thought this was the best thing since perforated toilet paper , like many other reviewers , but after a few weeks of use the seat starts to get very loose and the cheap thin plastic `` hinge holder '' eventually breaks . I called their customer service who promptly sent a new seat -LRB- without even verifying any info , which tells me this is a very common problem -RRB- When it arrived the snap cover for the `` hinge holder '' was already broken in the box !! I have n't had time to deal with it since and have been wobbling around every time I use it , I 'm going now to buy something I can BOLT DOWN .
 The hinge design on this seat it terrible . It 's not good out of the box and it only gets worse as time goes on until the seat just slides around every time you sit . I just replaced it with the Mayfair wood quiet-close , it 's got a much better hinge design and the seat feels much more substantial than the thin plastic of the Kohler .
 I 'm an engineer . This toilet seat is poorly manufactured . The tolerances on the hinge mechanism are such that the slow close will not always work . I took the seat apart to see why and the cam that fits into the seat cover will not fully engage because of the sloppy manufacturing . When the cam does not engage you get the big slam . I have replaced two , and will return all and buy a different seat . Interesting that the floor samples in the store have very tight hinges -LRB- well made -RRB- with no sloppiness and work great .
 The Kohler toilet set is about 1/4 inch too narrow . The ceramic bowl can touch you legs when you sit on it !!!
 I bought this product at Home Depot for $ 50.00 and it will be returned tomorrow . The quick release is an absolutely terrible idea and I do n't know who thought of it . It compromises the rigidity of the toilet seat and I found that it wobbled and shifted too much . If you need to take off the toilet seat just unscrew it from underneath ! Pick up a tool ! I hate it when manufacturers treat you like idiots . They wind up making an inferior product . When you tighten down on this product the cheap plastic holders spread apart and do n't grip well . This is a result of that quick release feature . Yes the cover is supposed to snap down and keep it all together but I found that I could n't tight it tight enough to keep it from shifting on the toilet .
 The description indicated that one size fit all . Not even close if you have an elongated toilet seat . It was a terrible fit and the seat arrived with a broken henge . I should have send it back for a refund but waited almost a month before opening the box . The product , at almost $ 40.00 , was a disappointment and a waste of money .
 I had bought this same seat for another bathroom toilet 2 years ago and was very happy with it . That same seat came with normal plastic wingnuts for installation and the seat was and is very secure . On the new seat , the securing nuts are attached via conical black nuts that are IMPOSSIBLE to secure properly and tightly . I called and asked Kohler to send me the old style nuts but they no longer make them . They sent me new conical nuts which were no better than the first . As another commentator said , you can get them to attach if you push them all the way up , but they remain looser than they should be . I am amazed they did n't leave the old style in production since they work great ! .
 As others have reported , it 's apparently impossible to install the seat securely with the hardware provided . I needed to replace the plastic nuts with standard metal ones and apply a lot of torque to keep the seat from slipping . OK , job done ... except that the seat broke after one month of use . No abuse ; the heaviest person to use it was 160 pounds , but the seat part developed a crack that eventually separated and made the entire thing unusable . This is inexcusable for a name-brand full-price product .
 Last April , we moved into our home and installed new Kohler Cachet quiet-close seats in our 4 bathrooms . The three elongated seats are fine so far . However , the round-front seat cracked yesterday under the weight of our guest -LRB- not a heavy person -RRB- , much to her surprise . The crack is not a surface crack -- the seat separates at the crack . So -- it can not be used without experiencing quite a pinch ! Buyer beware !
 So I got this seat in May and installed it . It did have a piece that came broken off in the package but it was just a cover piece to the screws so I did n't mind much . The seat was really nice and comfy and had a neat slow close feature which I loved . All was great until about 10 days ago when it broke . I am a 300lb male and was never rough when taking the seated position on it . It cracked apart on the seat between the support tabs on the bottom of the seat . It is barely holding together now . I have owned the product for 4 months and it was used a couple times a day . I am very disappointed .
 Do not buy this toilet seat unless you want reinstalling it to become a daily chore . I had trouble with the picture instructions , as the seat was still very loose and slid off frequently . I read another user 's review about holding the black plastic `` nut '' tight to the hole in the toilet before trying to screw in the screw and I was able to install the seat . However , it loosens pretty much daily . I now keep a screwdriver in my bathroom . After two weeks , I 'm giving up and will try to return it . Very disappointed . I bought Kohler because it was a brand name I knew and thought it would be better than other brands .
 I ordered two of these for two toilets . One is fine , the other has the same hinge , wobble problems as other people have reported . It 's like the space between the hinges is too short so they are stretched out too wide . One of the hinges just snapped up and off , hitting someone today in the back.I have to return it now which is fairly unpleasant . No one wants to remove a toilet seat and then handle it to repackage.I love the one that does work - great quality - but the other has been a pain in the rump .
 I always thought toilet seats were pretty generic . Wrong !! I bought this because it matched my new toilet and it came up paired with it , as in &#34; people who bought your toilet also bought this seat &#34; . Well this matches and that 's about it . It is uncomfortable for my plus size butt and my husband and his skinny little man butt also found it uncomfortable too . It also almost looks too small for the comode . I bought another seat within a week !! Stay away !!!
 I purchased this toilet seat 2 months ago and everything was great . And then , just the other day , the seat cracked in half on the left side . Thankfully I avoided getting my leg pinched in this , but I did get my wallet pinched . I was informed by Amazon that I needed to return this product by June 2nd to have received a refund . I advise you do not purchase this product .
 After purchasing this seat , it only took less than a month for the toilet seat to break . Cheap components that break easily . I am looking what else to by now to replace it .
 Looks very cheap . Overpriced and poor quality . For $ 56.00 dollars you can get a better quality product . I did n't expected Kohler would sales an inferior product of this type .
 the surface of seat has two creases which are indicativeof a potential crack about to occur.I have experiencedthis on a previously owned Kohler toilet seat whichcracked after about 8 years without a warning . We are afamily of 2 adults weighing 140 and 205 pounds not exactly heavyweights.I would like to return it for adifferent brand or style .
 I have never purchased a toilet seat where the nuts and expansion plug did not tighten . Need to go to home depot :-LRB- .
 Sorry Kohler for the bad review but I had to let others know our disappointment . Do no purchase this seat , get the regular seat . Better yet DO NOT purchase the Cimarron toilet at all . We had to special order & pay extra for the toilet because the standard colors currently sold are not the off white that everyone has in 30 year old homes . We had to match the toilet to the tub insert . Thanks Kohler for charging more for a commonly used color . We replaced our 2 toilets after 25 years and now wish we did n't . We are really disappointed with the toilet and seat . By mistake the dealer ordered the quite closing seats but because it was special order we were told we could n't return the seats for the regular seats . I think they were about $ 48.00 each , instead of the $ 26.00 we just paid . One bathroom was our spare and not used much - that seat lasted maybe 4 months after installing . Master Bathroom lasted few months longer . We are not overweight , no kids or anyone to abuse the seats , but they both broke . They did n't slowly lower then the hinges started cracking and finally broke off within the year . We should of contacted Kohler and complained maybe they would of replaced them at no cost . Our other toilets lasted 25 years but we could no longer get a seat to match and felt we needed to be more water efficient - that was a mistaken though . The toilet design makes it hard to keep clean . It does not flush much water so your always cleaning the toilet bowl . Not sure of all the water efficient toilets are the same but I wish I had the old toilet design back . I have to give it a one star because thats the lowest you can go but I give this toilet and seat a negative . We are stuck with the toilets for now so we went to Lowes and had to special order new regular seats and the cost $ 26.00 each and received the order in less than a week .
 The seat is terrific once it is installed properly . The problem is that the black metal piece that fits into the back of the seat has four possible positions and it is n't at all clear which is the correct one . Figuring it out is difficult , time consuming and physically challenging and tiring . The instructions and graphic do n't address the issues at all . A few words and a picture are all that is needed .
 This seat worked nicely for a little over a year , then simply cracked when a person of normal weight sat down . The plastic seat is not strong enough . Plus , installation was made difficult because the old seat was hard to remove -- had to buy Kohler 's tool kit to remove and replace the seat anchors .
 The shipping time on this item was perfect ! It arrived a day earlier than the expected delivery date . I think i may have had a bad bulb or something because it was bright as hell and was great for the first 30 minutes . I turned it off and then turned it back on a while later and it did NOT WORK . I thought maybe the lamp was broken , so I tried another lamp and nothing happened . Really disappointed and mislead by such a high customer rating .
 I bought it on Feb 2009 , and after less than 1 year , it burnt out . I only used it for a few hours every day . It 's life is much shorter than the claimed 8,000 hours .
 I was going to rate this item 4 , maybe 5 stars , but I see the price has gone WAY up since I purchased it . I ca n't justify a fourty-dollar box-cutting kife to ANYONE !! It 's a fine knife , but I would happily pay $ 5 for it again -LRB- maybe $ 10 if I 'm feeling spendy -RRB- .
 PAYS TO READ DESCRIPTION ... My bad !! I am sure if you need some tweezers to pick up large objects behind your dresser these would work fantastic !!!
 So we bought these for a family member that is a stamp collector . Out of the package they were rusty and had signs of wear and tear . These are NOT new . Buyer beware.They are also not practical at all with the size and how they are made . Maybe for a &#34; White Elephant &#34; gift , but not as advertised at all . Buyer Beware .
 I bought this very cheap and so goes the quality , it 's not stainless and I could see , smell and feel the stain on mine after about 2 weeks of using . .
 I ordered this blue filter for the surefire flashlight specifically because it stated that it was a `` slip-on FLIP-UP '' filter . I paid more for this blue filter than I did for the red one because of the `` FLIP-UP '' option on it . IT IS EXACTLY the same thing as the red one only it costs more . IT DOES NOT FLIP-UP as stated in the advertisement . It is simply a slip-on . The advertising is completely FALSE .
 I placed an order for this unit direct from Grizzly . They included a free gift in the order . I chose a set of 115 titanium bits . The bit set arrived first . The metal box that contained the bits was low quality with a interfering mechanisms and a catch that did n't line up . Despite the cheesy metal box , I 've used the bits several times now and they work well.This made me concerned about the dust collector . My fears were warranted - the box showed up and was beat up . It had some minor crushing and a couple of tears and one good sized hole . The pallet onto which it was stapled had one of the bottom members torn off leaving bare nails sticking out.The box had an extra piece of cardboard taped to the top which appears to be because the box was so beat up that it needed augmentation . The box looked like it had be opened and taped shut several times . Notice this
 I do not care for the keyless chuck as it seems to loosen up at times . It has come loose at various times no matter how tight I try to make it by hand . I must be old school as I prefer the keyed chuck . On my next drill I will spend the extra money to get the tried and true keyed chuck drills I have used in the past . I do n't like the angle that the cord comes out of the handle either -LRB- comes out at a 90 degree angle to the handle -RRB- - it seems to get in the way more than when the cord comes out straight from the handle . Maybe it is that way because the drill can be put in a smaller packing box - who knows . Truth be told - I bought this because my brother gasve me a $ 50.00 gift certificate for Christmas , I needed a 3/8 '' drill -LRB- already have a 1/2 '' drill and it is too big for some jobs -RRB- and this came in right under $ 50.00 .
 I ordered a white toilet seat . The picture was white and there was no other color listed in the porduct title . They shipped me a biscuit seat . Shipping & handling was $ 12 . They will not compensate me for any shipping to return the seat or order a new seat , even though they admit that this is their mistake . Customer service says they will suggest that the photo be changed . They say there is nothing they can do for me.I would never purchase from this outfit again .
 Flimsy plastic and yet quite expensive . I figured I was paying for the color , but it does not match dusty rose porcelain fixtures .
 I 've owned this product for somewhere around 4 years and it 's never been able to cut a square board . I 'm sure that most of this has to do with the my setup , but I 've literally spent many hours afixing the base and getting it ` square ' , and squaring the guide . I had to drill and tap screws into the base to get my Dewalt to accept the EZ base , which was n't easy at all . Not only that but I seriously tore up the plastic guide pieces during the initial cut , and while they were replaced by Dino a long time ago -LRB- thank you ! -RRB- , I still could n't get them to be cut cleanly . Dino recommended that I get the thin kerf Diablo blade , and this certainly improved the cut , it still took knicks and chunks out of it . What I 'm saying is that you would n't want to run your finger down this cut , cause you 'd get all scratched/cut up . Where am I going wrong ? This should n't be that tough!Dino has attempted to get my system up and running correctly -LRB- his customer service is very good -RRB- , but I mostly gave up on it a few years ago . The only reason why I 'm back here now is that I was looking for a different sheetgoods cutting system and I 'd like to not have to invest in another system . While it does n't seem that complicated to square something , I 'd like to see this process in action to find out the best way to get the EZ system squared on the saw plate and the ` T ' on the guide . I 'm competent , but obviously I 'm seriously missing something . Any help is appreciated ! I guess I 'm willing to give it another go , but I 'm really not expecting much . Dino , where do I go from here ?
 I bought this system after much research and consideration of other systems out there . I often have to build cabinetry for customers and have been looking for a way to save time and money in doing so.Unfortunately , the EZ Smart Guide System has wasted my time and money . While I applaud the company 's concept and their attempt to make a precision cutting system than can adapt to off-the-shelf circular saws , the execution of that concept falls well short my personal value vs. cost ratio.These are the major problems : There is at least 1/32 '' play between the Smart Base -LRB- that is the interface between the saw and the Gide Rail -RRB- and the Guide Rail . This makes for imprecise cuts and an uneven trimming of the anti-chip edge , which in turn , makes lining up the guide to your marks imprecise . It also reduces the effectiveness of the anti chip edge . I was cutting melamine coated fiber board and even with a 60 tooth blade the material was chipping badly.As an earlier reviewer mentioned , when joining sections of the Guide Rail it is difficult to get them lined up to create a continuous straight line . I have to say that I was getting as precise a result using my $ 20 straight edge from Home Depot and a gauge block as I was using the EZ smart-in about the same length of time.In addition to the Gide System , I also purchased their `` Smart Square '' and Cabinet Repeater . The Smart Square attaches to the under side of the Guide Rail empolying the same type of extrusions used to join Guide Rail sections and is meant to speed up the cutting process by only having to measure along one edge of a panel . In theory , it should square itself to the guide each time it is tightened . In reality I had to manually square it each time I changed it 's position on the rail and no matter how tightly I secured it to the rail it would go out of square each time I would set the apparatus down-an enormous waste of time.The Cabinet Repeater is an indexing guide for making repetitive cuts , but once again the sloppy execution of a clever design makes for a useless accessory . To be specific , there is a swing arm at the end of an adjustable track with an adjustable truss head screw that is meant to act as an index for successive cuts . The problem is that the screw is not tapped perpendicular to the arm so that if the arm moves in its rotation between cuts , your boards will be a different dimension.While the EZ Smart Guide System is fine for ripping down bookshelves it is simply not precise enough to be useful for cabinet making . Part of the problem may be the fact that circular saws are essentially framing tools and are not designed with that level of precision in mind.I feel like my money would have been better spent on a Festool . I 'm hoping they will make good on their 30-day money back guarantee .
 Has too many problems if you want to use this tool for things other than cutting straight lines.If your work includes paneling jobs , cutting large custom doors , cutting stacks of sheet goods , buy a festool.Festools are far more expensive , but they are worth the money , as they correct many of the following problems of this tool :1 -RRB- Depth of cut - is less than 1 1/2 '' when using a 7 1/4 '' saw , as adding the base shortens depth of cut by at least 3/8 `` 2 -RRB- Bevel cuts - is problematic if your saw does not cut over 45 degrees , as adding the base changes the offset .3 -RRB- Straight cuts with mutiple tracks - tighening screws are on the bottom of the track so you need to use 2 people to tighen tracks . -LRB- If you connect 2 tracks and check it with your level you will find it is not straight , so to adjust for square , one person will hold the level and the tracks on the top , and the second person tighens the screws on the bottom . -RRB- 4 -RRB- Huge waste of setup time - if you add you hourly rate to the cost of this tool you 'll find it is not cost effective . For these following reasons :4 a -RRB- Included screws were too short for my saw4b -RRB- Base needs to be pefectly straight to track4c -RRB- Large tool set needed to attach base - counter sinks , drill , hack saw , adjustable square ... So the total setup time was over 3 hours , including a hardware run.I used this tool for 1 week , then returned it and purchased a festool , which worked correctly right out of the box .
 This product is nothing more than an expensive imitation of a high quality Festool rail system with saw . This product is more expensive than what is widely regarded as a superior product . The Festool rails with the Festool saw are built to much higher tolerances than this system with a conventional rotary saw . The results are far superior with Festool system .
 Not bad I am a fan of the axe , got here around the time I needed it to ... The only problem is that I specifically ordered the `` black bladed axe '' not the silver one . It does make a difference if it is a gift . Look at the picture . Do we not send what the picture shows ? I figure that was the point of pictures .
 I am one of those `` write the review only if it 's bad '' people , so here 's the deal
 I have the same problem as the other reviewer . I have a small yard with 9 of these installed and I end up replacing at least two each season . They eventually end up sticking to one side and no amount of flushing or cleaning will make them work . I 'm tired of digging them up each season so as each one fails again I will replace them with another brand .
 I have had to replace half of my sprinklers over the first year . I have used the Toro gear driven sprinklers with good results but their impact sprinklers are horrible .
 One star it too high . It is impossible to adjust , it does n't spray the distance it says it does , it leaks , It does not pop up . You can not adjust it unless it is squirting water . Even then it can not be adjusted . The instructions did not help solve the flow problem . Toro should stick to snowblowers .
 I have the same problem as the other reviewers . The sprinkler head sticks , usually on return . I 've fiddled with the thing to no end . The problem seems to be just too much friction in the rotating connection . I would not recommend this product .
 I have had the same problems than the previous reviewers . It has been such a waste of money.I 'm really disappointed . I do n't recommend this product at all .
 Leaves a Red mark on the fingers when the gloves are even a little wet - with dew or anything . .
 I 'm seldom willing to write a review for an Amazon purchase , but every once in awhile something is so great -- or so awful -- that I ca n't help but take the time . This is one of those times when the product is so awful . These straps are cheaply constructed , have very lightweight webbing , and look like they are likely not to last all that long . If it was n't such a hassle to return things , I would definitely do so . In short , I highly , highly recommend that you look elsewhere . Even the cheapest straps at your local hardware store will be better than this junk .
 I was not able to determine from the small picture provided that the hose attachment of this diverter would not work with my product . So this was a bad purchase which might have been prevented if an adequate description of the item and a larger picture were provided .
 I bought these because they are supposed to provide better coverage and reduce overall watering time per zone by using a more intelligent pattern . Unfortunately these heads are a major disappointment.My water pressure is sitting right at 75 lbs of pressure ; plenty to run my single stream and popup spray heads without an issue . I started with one zone and replaced all the single stream heads with these . Each head comes with a set of spray angle disks that make it very easy to pick a spray pattern.The first major issue is that even on the maximum setting , the range of the stream is no better than 15 feet , and certainly no where near the maximum advertised range of 30 ' . The second issue is that the heads have very poor coverage close to the heads . The streams are such that each individual stream has a varying throw -LRB- some short range , some long -RRB- but the pattern overall left many gaps in coverage near the heads.I will be pulling these heads out and replacing with my old single streams come spring .
 Me and at least another co-worker of mine ordered these garage openers , but in both cases they did n't work . The buttons inside are tiny , you have to use a pencil to push them up or down . The numbers are tiny as well , a little hard to read and I 'm not old . Me and the front desk person tried several attempts to make them work , but they did n't and we 're going to buy other ones .
 Be careful of what you buy and read . This is why
 im not thrilled with these . there dont seem to be enough in the tube thing , and the largest size is not very large.also , they are not adjustable -- there is no ` flip ' thing in the plastic that would allow them to be un-cinched
 Generally speaking , fluke products are surperb . But these , although made well , did n't perform as well as other clips I have . Inside , where you slip the probe tips into , there 's a little sleeve . The sleeve will slide out unexpectedly , and get stuck on the probe . On mine , this happened , I did n't realize it , then found one side to be suddenly loose . I continued using the other side , until the same happened , and I noticed the sleeve stuck on the probe . After , the sleeve refused to stay in the clip . So , I switched the whole setup to removeable probe tips , so now the clips I use slide on in place of the probes . This makes available several different tips , such as what you would find in test lead kits available everywhere including fluke .
 I got one of these routers from another source . If you are like me and do n't have alot of money to burn but enjoy wood working then you shop around right , you see online photo 's that look appealing , they are however not quite the same thing as viewing the tool in person now are they ? This router is for all practical purposes useable but this is as far as it goes . The motor sounds good and it does not vibrate . the on / off switch in in the handle this is fine and good . now here is where the positive ends . The springs on the plunge are so strong it is almost impossible to get a smooth start , I see it driving the bit into the wood . There is a depth turrent , well it has so much slop I would not chance it staying put , even if it did it rocks so you ca n't define it a stable . There is a large plastic knob that screws down a threaded rod , the knob is of hard plastic and it is sharp edged . This is not the best part . When it is raised -LRB- knob unscrewed -RRB- to raise the body away from the base which is what is required to get any plunge action at all , the threaded rod inside the routers body through a hole rubs on these threads . If the router is up set for the plunge you can rock the body side to side and back and forth , you really do n't know if the base is even close to 90 degrees to the shaft now and if you wanted to do plunge routing do n't count on it finding the same angle every time . the base has four tiny screws that hold it in place with four cheap washers and the subbase is not flat , this is because there is a vacuum nozzle that does not fit well . this can be fixed . At best and if you do n't mind endlessly turning a sharp plastic knob this router may make a good table router as long as you drill out the four base holes and retap and install larger ones , otherwise you may find this thing letting go from it 's restraints and becoming airborn . Do yourself an enormous favor , spend twice as much or a bit more and get something real , something that has a past , something that is at least good and do n't try to reinvent this thing or refine it with the hopes that it will turn out well . This may be good for rough work as a second tool on the jobsite hogging out close enough slotes in 2x4 's , if someone walks off with it no loss really . Too add a personal note , to get this router and see what it really is , is downright depressing this makes the cheapest DIY B&D ; a shining star , imagine that .
 I recently ordered a box of these nails along with a nail gun and hose . Big mistake . Almost every coil was crushed , many broken . I tried to recoil the nails by unwinding the crushed coils and then recoiling them but it still did n't work as many broke then and the ones I tried to use jammed repeatedly in the gun . I would just avoid this item unless they can find a better way to package them or ensure that they are in good condition .
 It says it can be used on thin sheet metal but it ca n't . I cut through very thin sheet and it destroyed the blade before it made it through one hole .
 I bought this torch from a Hvac store as a backup torch . It says application for hvac and plumbing right on the package . I Used this torch to braze copper tubing on an ac unit . The torch does not produce enough heat to melt 15 % silver brazing rod on 3/4 inch soft copper tubing which is commonly used in Hvac . I used propane and Mapp gas with no luck with either . I should have known it was useless . I mean it 's made out of plastic . Do n't waste your money .
 Any significant voltage lights the ' 240 ' lamp . The ' 120 ' lamp never lights . Not completely useless , but does n't work as intended either .
 I 've had my Titan 23150 torque wrench for almost a year now . Probably used it all of 4 times . I was tightening some lug nuts on my wife 's car the other evening and the directional lever popped off and it stopped clicking when the torque setting was reached . I now have an expensive breaker bar . I contacted Titan by filling out the form on their website and got no response . A call to the company no response either . Basically , the company does not support their product . Lesson learned .
 I 've twice ordered this wrench and received a very similar wrench that measures torque from 30 -LRB- not 20 -RRB- to 150 ft/lb . The label is as advertised but the actual wrench only has markings for adjusting torque down to 30 ft/lb . Otherwise the product seems fine . If you need a wrench to set torque lower than 30 ft/lb beware of my experience .
 I am very disappointed with this sprayer . It leaks where the hose attaches to the tank and the nozzle will not adjust to a fine enough spray for acid staining . I am returning this product thanks to Amazon 's reasonable return policy .
 I just purchased this stapler at Home Depot for $ 20 . The one star is for the excessive price . It is a nice stapler and staples single brads for trim work .
 Seemed to work OK but the company did not send what was in there add . Thats why the rated was low
 It 's been 5 weeks since I recieved my splitter . Unfortunately the bags of hardware needed for assembly were missing from my shipment , causing a one week delay . Finally , after a multi-hour assembly , the Honda engine started perfectly , but the splitter would not move . After many hours on the phone with the manufacturer , I was told to tow the splitter to the nearest engine/tool shop 15 miles away . There it sits , 2 weeks and counting.Understandably , they work on their own stuff first . The is awful . My advice ? Buy local .
 I assumed that buying this thing from you would be painless . It was delivered two days late and needed 5 hours of hard work to assemble it . When I got it working , it leaked so much oil from the control valve that I could n't use it . Northern replaced that valve for me which took me another three hours to do as well as oil spilled . With some wood , it won.t split and the geomitey of it will not allow it to be set up without jacks or other forces.I am generly unhappy with this purchase and wish that I had never done it
 Got tired of lookin ' at all the telephone poles foulin ' up my view of beloved Skunk Holler , so me and the relatives pooled our pennies and got this log splitter -LRB- NORTHSTAR HORIZONTAL/VERTICAL LOG SPLITTER - 22-TON , 5 HP -RRB- . Heck , took some 12 hours to assemble , and even then , Cousin Buford had half a dozen bolts and seven washers left over -LRB- plus we had done used all of our electrician 's tape -RRB- . Well , we fired up that Honda GC engine , and she came to life like a saber-toothed tiger ... and lurched like one , too . The exclusive Northstar 4-way wedge sure made an interesting addition to Uncle Hiram 's garage door , I 'm tellin ' ya . -LRB- What 's left of it . -RRB- So we towed this puppy to the first telephone pole and launched that ram force of 22 tons . But wait . The log has to actually be lyin ' on the ground ? Well , forkle , that 's no good . So we just got Cousin Luther 's pole axe and had them unsightly poles down in no time ; trouble is , now we ca n't call to return the log splitter -LRB- NORTHSTAR HORIZONTAL/VERTICAL LOG SPLITTER - 22-TON , 5 HP -RRB- . Who knows ? Maybe this splitter just do n't like guys named D. -- D. Mikels , Esp .
 In general I prefer electric trimmers to gas ones . I do n't mind the cord , and they are cleaner and quieter than other styles . I 'm looking for a new trimmer - different brand . I used a Weed-Eater brand trimmer for years , and was very happy with it . After losing that one , I bought this one ... mistake ... I have used this one for about a year - moderate use in a small suburban Texas yard . It worked well with the original spool . I have fought with the spool & string repeatedly since then . When it is time for a change , the entire mechanism gets stuck together to the point of being unworkable -- will not budge . Screwwdrivers and channel-locks only scrape up the spool worse . The long plastic bar broke in half yesterday when I tapped it on the ground to let out some more line - really cheap construction . Will never buy Toro again .
 It 's incredible the amount of time I waste manually feeding out the string on this trimmer because the spool becomes essentially frozen . Factor in 20 to 30 minutes per lawn cut wasted just manually feeding out the string . Then there is the string guide , which is a separate item from the spool head and so falls out . Mine is lost . That makes the spool even more disfunctional . Toro should be ashamed to put this product on the market .
 It 's simple enough for a string trimmer - until you have to get the spool out . Then just throw it in the garbage and buy a new one , because the whole mechanism is frozen . I 've only used it three times . Buy another brand , you might have better luck .
 I wanted a small , lightweight trimmer , since I ca n't manage a large heavy one . This trimmer did the trick until the second time I tried to use it , and I ran out of string . The cap is completely stuck , and nothing I did budged it . I thought it was just my arthritic hands , but a quick internet search revealed that big strong men have the same problem , so I must conclude that it 's the trimmer , not me . Toro 's customer service is , of course , closed on weekends , so I guess I 'll throw it away and get out my hand clippers . Total waste of money . I guess I 'll scratch Toro off my list for yard tools .
 Bought for the Toro name . Threw out due to the smoke from the motor . And as other have stated the line feed is a nightmare .
 Spool jammed , and a slightly brisker tap to dislodge it shattered the cheap , plastic shaft . The spool would n't dislodge even with a screwdriver . Garbage .
 Besides having to manually re-feed the string every 2 minutes , the handle snapped from the trimmer on the second use . Into the garbage it goes , along with my $ 40 . Its true that you get what you pay for , however , I would expect a little more durability than less than an hours use out of it . Avoid this trimmer and spend a little more for a more durable brand
 The puncture resistant material on the palms of the gloves is fabulous ! However , the thin material over the backs was shredded withing a couple of days . Would n't bother wasting my money !
 I bought these gloves as a gift for my brother based on another reviewer 's positive comments . My brother does hardscaping for a living . The gloves fell apart in a few hours . He said the cotton gloves that he buys from the hardware store for a few dollars last at least a few days .
 So I 've pre-drilled the holes and I 'm drilling past 1/2inch drywall into a stud . The first screw head twists off . The second screw twists appart in the wall , leaving me with half a screw . The third screw gets 90 % of the way and the head pops off.Made in China strikes again . The screws provided are near worthless . I have provided my own , quality screws and mounting went up alright.I gave this product 2 stars because I 'm getting tired of buying junk from China , made to inferior specs . I would have chalked one breaking up to myself , but 3 out of 4 is a manufacturers defect , you simply do n't have those issues with a Made in the USA screw . Home Depot saved the day . FYI , I 'm not some first time installer either , I do all my own work in the house and on the cars . Screws breaking while installing is classic bad product . We would n't expect this anywhere else , why are we putting up with junk from China ?
 Had to purchase an alternate rack , unfortunately . The bike we were hanging was a standard bike , nothing too large but it still did n't fit .
 Nice , clean-looking white bike mount to hang your bike vertically . The product is relatively easy to install and it 's nice that there 's a plate that covers the screw heads . However , after a few uses , the black rubber coating split in half and bunches up . Frustrating and poorly designed rubber coating !
 The tape measure I received isjunk.It does not stand out to 9 ' like advertised , and is very flimsy.It 's junk.You ought to send me a full refund for both tape measures I ordered , and issue an apology .
 I bought this tape because the `` technical details '' said it had a `` 9 foot standout '' ; it has a `` 4 foot standout '' . If you want a `` 9 foot standout '' buy a Stanley FatMax . -- By the way , I own over 10 Stanley tapes ; they are the best on the market .
 PLEASE , PLEASE DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT ! I installed this product in my garage very , very carefully -LRB- note what the other reviewers say about the included bolts - they 're not of good quality -RRB- . When I was through installing , I tested it using progressively more weight each time . Finally , when I was satisfied that it was working properly and would hold the weight , I used it to hoist my items . All was good for about two weeks or maybe a month . Then - trouble . I wanted to get one of my items down from the lift , so I closed my garage door and started lowering the lift - THANK HEAVENS I was n't standing below it -LRB- it may seem like common sense that one would n't stand under it while lowering it themselves , but it 's also conceivable to think that someone -LRB- or someone 's kids -RRB- may -RRB- . While lowering the lift it , lowered a couple of inches and then seemed to get bound up . All of the sudden
 The rotating center axil bar bar was rusted on the inside . The whole thing snapped causing the lift to fall , almost killing my 2 year old .
 Unfortunately , the quality was so poor I had to return the storage rack . The `` j '' bolts were too short and had stripped out threads . This product should never have passed quality inspection . I would not recommend this product !
 Before you purchase this item , be prepared to spend another $ 20 -LRB- twenty dollars -RRB- per unit to replace all of the fasteners . I purchased two for my garage and have yet to get the first one installed - and I am an accomplished builder . First night of assembly , in the very first step , found the 12 `` j-bolts '' that hold the wire shelves to the cross beams just barely long enough to catch a few screw threads - which immediately shredded right off the screws . Cheap , cheap , cheap Chinese steel ... if it was steel . Off to the hardware to find an alternative way since the `` j-bolts '' were also custom made fasteners . I used 1/4-20 x 2 '' round head bolts and a roll of pipe strapping . Second night of assembly , moved on to mounting the arms to the garage ceiling . Carefully marked the studs , drilled 1/8 '' pilot holes per instructions and began affixing with the provided lag bolts . The only problem is the threads on the lag bolts were so shallow , once tightened they just kept turning as they stripped out the wood studs they were drilled into . Gave up , and tomorrow will be night three after another trip to the hardware to get more substantial lag bolts . Absolutely no way these would have supported 250 pounds overhead.The only reason these were not immediately returned is because I had them shipped from an Amazon retailer , and returning them would be more of a pain in the arse than just sucking it up and replacing all the fasteners . Plus , as my wife said , I 'm now too emotionally invested in them to give up now . Trust me , either do n't buy these , or go get replacement fasteners . Othewise you should plan on your lawn mower or whatever you store on them falling through the roof of your convertible , or God forbid falling on your child . Like my title says , the worst execution of a good idea ever .
 I just spent about two hours putting one of these up . It 's a great concept but the hardware they supply is cheap . I had a bunch of stripped bolts and the two big washers that hold the winding axle in place were missing.For something that 's going to sit above my car the cheap hardware does n't inspire confidence .
 Original review is below . I 'll increase this by 1 star up to 4 for every week this continues to function . It 'll never get 5 stars . Absolute worst instructions I 've ever seen . Will I buy more , yes . Now that I do n't need instructions I can install this in less than an hour . ******************************************************************************************************************* I 'm not done with this yet . I fiddled with most of the afternoon yesterday only to resort to instructions posted on an Amazon review . Hire THAT guy to write your instructions and fire everyone else . When I 'm done installing this mess today , I might change the rating if it works . All I got ta say is that it better clear 24 '' as it says or I might be ripping it from the ceiling and leaving it on the curb for trash . Seriously Racor ... with all the bad reviews on your instructions , do something about it .
 I purchased this item based on 3 glowing recommendations . When the kit arrived , the original box was in sorry shape , held together only by a large amount of packing tape.I attempted to put the product together , only to find that the bottom grate -LRB- which you put items on when completed -RRB- would not sit flush with the crossbar . The method of securing the grate to the bar were J-hooks , and did not function as required . Plus , one of the hooks were not threaded as the others - requiring a call to the manufacter to replace . I am thoroughly displeased , and returning this item promptly . I ca n't believe that it would hold 260 pounds . Looks like I need to find another storage solution .
 THE ROTOR LOOP METAL , WHERE IT HOOKS TO THE TURN SHAFT , WEARS OUT QUICKLY , THE MORE WAIT THE FASTER IT WEARS OUT . THIS IS A FUNDAMENTAL FAILURE FOR THE DURABILITY AND OPERATION OF THIS PRODUCT.ALTHOUGH IT 'S RATED CAPACITY OF 250 LB THE COMPONENTS DO NOT SUPPORT DURABILITY . THIS PRODUCTS WOULD BE EXCELLENT FOR 75 LB .
 This is a great product-in theory . In practice , it is very difficult to install , especially if you are trying to do so alone . The supplied J hooks are too short-in some cases not long enough to include the washer-and the crank requires herculian strength to raise the rack when it is fully loaded -LRB- at less than 250 lbs . -RRB- I called Racor complaining about both the short J hooks and stiff crank gear box , and they sent me replacements . Exactly like the originals.Given the difficulty of raising the rack , it is not worth the extreme effort required to install it . I would recommend instead installing fixed celining racks and using a ladder to load and unload them .
 All I have to say is that as easy as this looks to install from the marketing ... well it 's not . I ordered two of these things and have them still sitting on the garage floor because I have to get a board to mount to the ceiling so the mounting hardware that was supposed to mount to the ceiling directly can actually work . I also have to get some new bolts that are actually threaded , I understand these are mass produced but have some kind of quality control if customers are n't even able to use the hardware included to put together your product . I actually have at least 3 of the nuts that have zero threading on them so how am I supposed to use that?To say the least this is a cheap setup for the price they charge and especially in the quality of the material . I ca n't speak for how it works because I havent been able to get to the hardware store yet to finish building these things.There has to be better products out there !
 The installation instructions for this were a nightmare -LRB- major translation issues - we tried both the English and Spanish versions - both were BAD -RRB- and many of the nuts and bolts required for assembly were not included in the package . The bolts that are included are all metric sizes making finding the appropriate size nuts difficult . All in this took over 5 hours and 3 trips to Home Depot to install . If you can get through the installation its a decent storage shelf but not sure it is worth the headache .
 Received three of these with very high hopes . Went to install them yesterday and faced multiple issues that are , quite simply , unacceptable . - The wire grid was a touch too long , requiring some interesting maneuvering to get attempt to affix it the support beams . The end result would have been that the wire grid was uneven / buckled at the joints because we had to `` smoosh '' it to fit . - Out of 36 J hooks , only 8 were actually long enough to attach the wire grid to the support beams . - Wire grids were too close together to allow J hooks through at some points . - Instructions are a joke - Tried to call the company and they have no weekend support hours.I ca n't say more about the product because I gave up after 5 hours of trying to bastardize parts from 3 units to get simply get the wire grids attached to the support beams . All three products will be returned , I have zero faith in the quality that this company puts forth . It 's really too bad that they have these things manufactured in an offshore facility where there is apparently little to no quality control . Racor should be ashamed about the quality of the products it 's selling these days .
 I bought two of these Racor cable lift storage rack systems . Great idea , its just too bad the company is putting extremely cheap hardware in the kits . For example
 Worked great for the first year of ownership . Installed per instructions then one day the worm drive tension system gave way when my father was lowering the unit using the supplied crankshaft . It caught the corner of his forearm and tore his skin pretty badly . I used it with my HD drill and had no problem . I used it again with the crankshaft and had no problem . I then went back to the drill and it happened to me as well . It now just sits up there , locked , until I figure out what to replace it with or how to repair it safely .
 I purchased and installed the Racor Heavy Lift according to instructions , except I bought new lag bolts as recommended by some users . I used the lift to store a Harmar trailer hitch scooter carrier #A 300 , which weighs 105 lbs . I figured this was OK , since the Racor is rated at 250 lbs . Less than six months after installing the Racor and hoisting up my scooter carrier for storage , all four cables broke and the lift and scooter carrier dropped to the garage floor , narrowly missing a family member and the hood of my new Subaru Outback .
 Very poor quality , holes were not drilled correctly in the supports for j-bolts to go through . They were uneven down one of the bars . Came with 15 j-bolts I assume because they were very poor quality and the threads were pre stripped on half of them but given the extra bolts I was shorted 5 nuts . Still can not wire racks to fasten securely after reading several other reviews I am off to the hardware store to just replace all the hardware as I am now worried about the poor quality of the screws to hold it to the ceiling .
 I really like the idea and it will work for LIGHT loads . I just finished installing this product and found it to be under engineered to lift 250 # as advertised . It seems to work reasonably well if the load is kept under 200 # . The ceiling arms , cable , and platform seem to be okay , but the roller mechanism , particularly the roller gearbox and support are too light weight and try to twist with a full load . The gearbox ratio is such that it would be extremely difficult to crank it up with anything other than a very light load . I used a 1/2 drill as mentioned in the instructions , but you had to be very careful that the hook did n't ride up and bind . When this happened the lightweight rod used for the crank bent and I had to straighten it out -LRB- three times -RRB- and was lucky that I did n't sprain my wrist . If you use a drill , make sure you pull down on it while winding it up to keep the hook in place and do it in short bursts -LRB- not continuous -RRB- to keep it from riding up and binding .
 After reading many of the great reviews , I ordered this product . It looks great on paper and on the website . I was extremely disappointed at the quality of the assembly hardware included . For example , I was able to cross-thread and strip the machine bolts when putting on the nuts with only my hand . As mentioned before , the lag bolts are simply a joke . I put the grid together and found that the holes for the J bolts did n't really line up well and caused torquing of the grid , which lead to a warped grid . The mounting process , while straightforward on paper , was anything but . To put the end lag bolts in , you must remove both pulleys on each arm , then re-assemble them while on the ladder.Ultimately , I ended up returning this item as the mounting configurations could not be made to work with the joist patterns in my ceiling . I did spend about 5 hours trying to make this work with no luck . And in case you 're wondering , I am very competent with tools and building -- definitely not a rookie or first timer , but this item is just poorly designed . I 'd be scared to hang anything that weighed more than 50lbs above anything you value using this.Best of luck to you if you choose to
 I bought this lift to store my kayak overhead in my garage . The directions were not easy to follow . The photographs really lacked perspective . If it were not for the on-line videos , I would have returned it , and doubt another product . The metal hooks used to hold the frame elements together were of poor quality metal and not consistently shaped . These quality issues with the hooks made it very difficult to get the platform shelf square and level , even with the almost 3/4 '' of adjustability in length of the suspension bolts . Even after several attempts to square up the platform and adjust the length of the suspension wires , I was unable to get the platform square and level . That said , I was able to place my kayak on the platform and raise it into a reasonably stable position . Given all the time , effort and frustration to only reach a marginal storage position , this product is simply not worth the cost . I would not recommend or purchase it again .
 This is the second Racor HeavyLift rack that I have purchased . The first one is about 2 years old and when I developed the need for even more overhead storage , I immediately bought another one because of my overall positive experience with the first . I am disappointed to report that the quality of some components has deteriorated significantly . First , the bent bolts that fasten the wire grids to the wire grid beam supports were not bent at the proper angle , consequently , there was barely enough tread sticking through the holes to fasten the washer and nuts . In fact I could not even use the washers as I would not have been able to have enough of the bolt threads showing and available to tighten properly . Accordingly , this beginning experience left me `` bent out of shape '' ! Next , the wire grid beam supports have pre-drilled holes to fasten the wire grids , and as you may guess the holes were not in proper alignment resulting in my having to drill at least two additional holes for the aforementioned bent bolt fasteners . Once I got past these beginning assembly `` challenges '' , I figured it would be smooth sailing to completion ... , Wrong storage rack breath ! the hex head coach screws must have been made from a combination of steel , wood shavings and cow manure . . , I stripped the heads on two of them while tightening them with my power drill . I ended going to the local hardware store to purchase replacements for all 20 of them ... , made with real steel ! Were it not for these parts/assembly anomalies , I would have given it a 5 star rating because functionally , it is great and does exactly what its supposed to do.I guess when you have your components manufactured in China and do n't have decent quality control , you ca n't expect much.This company really needs to get a grip on these issues , because I would not purchase , nor recommend another one .
 I was expecting a well built product from the Racor PHL-1R Pro HeavyLift model since it was supposed to be the heavier duty version of the lighter weight model Pro + . I bought two of these at once and was dissapointed at the cheap materials and construction when I opened the package . The wire grid sections were bent and fit terribly on the support beams . The J-hooks and nuts were of inferior quality with three of them having stripped out threads . The included lag screws for mounting the support rails to the ceiling rafters were cheap grade and I twisted off two of them upon installation into the joists after following the directions and pre-drilling 1/8 '' pilot holes for the lag screws . Do yourself a BIG favor and make a trip to the local hardware store and pick up some quality hardened lag screws and extra J-hooks to avoid the frustration I had trying to install this product.Worst thing of all is that both of these units were shipped with the WRONG gear box assembly for the hoisting mechanism . They were packaged with the lightweight PRO + gearbox which apparently has a much smaller drive shaft than what ships with the HeavyLift model . There was NO POSSIBLE WAY to continue the installation until the correct model gearbox can be shipped as replacements to what was obviously poor quality control during packaging of these units . I mean , BOTH kits had the WRONG part !! So , I 'm stuck with partially installed units hung on the ceiling awaiting replacement parts.Do yourself a favor and avoid this product . It 's not worth it !
 This product is well designed but the hardware they sent with it was so bad I almost sent it back . The j-bolts that hold the wire grid to the main crossmembers of the platform were all about 1/4 too short . I could barely get the nut on some of them even when I omitted the washer and clamped the grid down tightly to take up all the slack . The short j-bolts made what should have been an easy 5-10 minute process to assemble the platform into a really frustrating 30 minute process . Not to mention the materials and tolerances used to make the j-bolts were so bad that they felt like they could strip out at any time . If I could have found replacement j-bolts at the hardware store I would have bought them and used them instead . The lag screws supplied to fasten the lift to the ceiling were so cheap that one of them had n't even made it though the hexing operation and just had a completely round head . I did n't trust them and instead used lag screws from the hardware store . Once I finally got through all the hardware issues and got the lift assembled it worked as advertised .
 the dust mast are very light and are not for industrial work , they are suitable for personal outdoor usage not for dust
 THESE WERE REALLY TOO SMALL . THEY DO N'T COVER MY NOSE AND MOUTH COMPLETELY . I DO N'T HAVE A LARGE FACE SO I DO N'T KNOW WHO THESE WERE MADE FOR . THEY WOULD WORK FOR CHILDREN . I WILL TRY ANOTHER BRAND NEXT TIME .
 I bought these masks based on the few positive reviews they had at the time of purchase . However , these masks are smaller , thinner and of overall lesser quality than even the masks I can get 5 for a dollar at different dollar stores.The following is a list of the issues I have with these masks :1 -RRB- the masks are thinner than even the dollar store masks and I have to wear two to get the same protection ; 2 -RRB- each mask in the box has a sticky tag placed on the elastic cord that is difficult to remove and sometimes has frayed the elastic when removed ; 3 -RRB- the nosepiece was applied crooked to the mask and I have had to trim the part of the mask above it as there is too much of the material and it would poke me in the eyes if I did n't trim it off ; 4 -RRB- the elastic has pulled out very easily from several of the masks ; 5 -RRB- the masks had a stinky odor and I 've had to leave them in an open box in the linen closet to air out ; 6 -RRB- It 's uncomfortable wearing these masks as they are rather small and tight . The elastic cord is too short to wear the masks comfortably and after wearing them , impressions of the mask and cord are left on my face.Sadly , this was not a good purchase . I will go back to buying packs of 5 masks for $ 1 at the dollar stores .
 Although the quality feels strong , the mask itself is not good . It has a chemical smell to it . The main problem with the mask is that it 's very hard to breathe in it . There 's not must air flow inside the mask so every time you breathe , your breath gets blown upward into your eyes . If you wear goggles , your breath will fogged it all up and you would n't be able to see through it .
 This product is worthless . The masks are too small to cover your nose and mouth , unless you are a child . I used one and tossed the rest . The price should have warned me !
 These things are too small and extremely flemsy . They wont hold their shape . I 'll be getting some different masks and trashing these .
 The traditional dust mask has 2 elastic bands that hold the mask tightly to the face.I missed that fact that these TEKTON masks have only 1 elastic band and a very weak one at that . The masks are virtually non usable due to the inability of the single band to tightly hold the mask against your face.I would return them but it 's just not worth the trouble for the $ 5 cost .
 I would like to start with the good . My 3 year old son , whom has a fascination for construction vehicles , absolutely loves the border.Now for the real . I have 3 boys , and have gone through many bedroom revisions , as each child has their own room . I have put up wall stickers , borders , more stickers , and even more borders . This is easily the worst wall border I have ever worked with ... EVER ! It simply does not have stick to it . We were going to go down the path of using glue , but I was too scared of what will ultimately happen to the walls , so we opted to use stick tack instead . Sure you see the small `` bubble '' from the stick tack every 18 '' or so , but at least the border is n't falling down now.Be warned , this wall border does not stick at all , and you will need to come up with a solution to have it stick to the walls , even during installation .
 This item was not easy to put up . It took a while for us to find a way to get it to stick . It 's already falling apart , and it 's been up for a few weeks .
 Unfortunately this border did n't stick to our walls . It immediately fell off no matter what we did . Too bad because it matched the rest of the room perfectly . Maybe it 's because our walls have glossy paint ?
 This was the worst border I 've ever used . Two adults trying and we still could not get it to stick . The prepasted back never even got tacky . My little boy was crying - it was just awful ! Save your money !
 I agree with A. Edwards completely . The jaw is too wide to do terminals . You either end up crimping the wire and bruising the insulation or you bend the business end of the terminal . I bought mine locally and only one pair of 6 on the rack had the crimp dies even close to right . Either miss aligned or too sharp . Poor Chinese quality .
 This tool crimps by having a U indent on one jaw blade and a smaller u sticking out on the other jaw blade . They did not line up on the one I got , off by about 1/4 so the u that sticks out was at 1/4 of the U that is the dent instead of at 1/2 . The other interesting about this tool is that the tool is very wide , more than twice as wide as the other crimping tool I have -LRB- IDEAL 9-1/4 '' Multi-Crimp Tool from Lowes -RRB- . That seemed like a nice thing at first but it greatly lowers the force per square inch you can place on the crimp as the crimp is more than twice as long . In comparing the crimps , the Ideal crimp tool produced much stronger crimps . The finish on the tool was nice and it was very smooth to use . Perhaps mine was just a dud but with the issue of the extra wide jaw , I had no need to risk trying another one .
 As a car audio/security technician I use crimpers everyday . They are probably used more than a screwdriver . Years ago when I first started and knew nothing about anything , I bought a set of these . Horrible purchase . As someone else stated the jaw is too wide , and the handle is too short to provide good leverage . I have to exert more energy to make a solid crimp than I do with other crimpers.Do yourself a favor and pick up a set of Kleins , Irwins , or Channel locks . Anything but this . The only thing I can think of worse than these are the cheap multi tool crimper/stripper/cutter tools you find for like $ 5 at home depot . But those are n't even THAT much worse .
 I measured the length of the door knocker and assumed it would fit in the place of the one I already owned . It does not because I would have to ruin my door by drilling different holes in it as this ones screws are closer together than the one I had before . So I am not stuck with a useless object that I ca n't use!Therefore I am not satisfied with this purchase .
 I 'm very disappointed with the lack of information provided for quantity of tnails in the purchase.The 5/8 '' tnails were $ 40 and then when the 3/4 '' ones were $ 115 I assumed the quantity would be more but it was the same amount.Secondly , I also bought the nail gun for the t nails and when I attempted to shoot theese nails into concrete they just bent and did n't penetrate the concrete so I had to use my 22 caliber fasteners anyway.so I spent hundreds of $ $ $ for nothing .
 The description incorrectly lists this tarp as `` three layers '' . However , it is a typical two layered light weight tarp . Not a good value for the light weight .
 I was eager to get my new cabinet and assemble it before Christmas , but when it arrived it was broken -LRB- revealing the cheap material -RRB- . Bummer ! Thankfully I had ordered it in plenty of time -LRB- October 3 -RRB- to get a new shipped before Christmas , or so I thought . Unfortunately , I only received emails stating that the shipping of the replacement would be delayed by about one month . As a result , I asked what they would do to make up for this inconvenience and they offered a small discount -- I accepted since I really wanted to get the cabinet before Christmas when we had some family coming . Then , two weeks later after still not receiving it , I received another email saying that the item would not be available and not shipped until mid January ! I chose to cancel my order and was left with no cabinet . I was very disappointed with this experince and have decided not to order any additional products from this company -LRB- Home Decorator 's Collection -RRB- in the future .
 What can I say . Screws fell out . I replaced them but do not stay in , too light to be made of wood ! Hinges are plastic inside and fell apart . Started to grow mold ! Seat uses only two small plastic pads that fell apart the first time the lid slammed shut . DO NOT BUY , worst piece of junk I 've ever owned .
 The nickel plating on the hinges pealed off after a fews months . I would not recommend this product at all .
 I wish I had the same experience as everyone else that has reviewed this seat . I ordered two based on those reviews . One arrived cracked due to poor packaging and they both have a cheap quality feeling . The edges are sort of sharp and the wood feels so lightweight that it feels like it ca n't be real wood under the veneer . You can see glue coming through at the seams where it makes splotches . The hardware is nice though .
 I got 3 of these about 2 and a half years ago . I love the way they looked and they are wonderfully comfortable to sit on . However , I have had alot of issues with them developing mold . In fact , the mold is ruining them . So even though they never crack , they have mold growing in them and I ca n't get it out . I tried using a UV light to kill the mold and then scrubbed like crazy with soft scrub , but no difference , so I guess they 're clean , but it looks gross .
 Even with the lowest volume tip it put out too much material for me . Might be ok for decks but wastes too much for outdoor furniture .
 Blum makes an excellent product ; that 's why I ordered a set of 12 '' undermount drawer slides for a very specific need . Unfortunately , the supplier , Woodworkers Hardware , sent me a set of drawer slides for a 21 '' drawer length.Somebody 's dyslexic ? I do n't know -- but everything was marked 12 '' -- in the order , receipt , and the packaging . All I can say is , the actual length certainly does n't match a 12 '' description . I have n't had time to make a return of the item , so I ca n't yet describe the Customer Service response .
 After about 7 years of heavy use , I decided to replace my old Mayfair seat with the exact same model . Bottom line
 The silver -LRB- stuff -RRB- peeled off instantly and kept peeling over/around the screws and bracket that holds the seat together . If you 're looking for something inexpensive and temporary this may work .
 It 's made of wood , but it 's painted gloss black so it looks a lot like plastic . In my opinion it does n't look nearly as nice as the ones that are stained black so the woodgrain shows . The gloss black surface also exposes fingerprints etc. easily . Other than that , it 's a toilet seat that works fine . If solid gloss black and shiny chrome hinges are what you 're looking for then I 'm sure you 'll like it , but it 's not what I expected .
 I ordered this set specifically for the T40 bit , in order to change out the arms on my Herman Miller Mirra chair . The chair does n't use the secure type of Torx bit , just the regular Torx kind , but I ordered the secure kind for future flexibility.On my very first attempt to unfasten the arms , the T40 bit sheared clean off about 1/3 of the way down the shaft . That 's pretty poor ... So buyer beware - these may be okay for very low torque applications , but I question the quality given my experience .
 Do n't be fooled people , you are not going to get what the product description says you are getting !! If you contest this fact she will just cancell your order !! So what that says to me is that everybody that thinks they are getting the para-cord bracelets that have the 4 strand core , they are actually getting a 2 strand core . She gave me the option of just accepting a 2 strand -LRB- when it says in the product description that its a 4 -RRB- or she would cancell my order so i could re-order and pay more to get the one i wanted . To me thats false advertising and blatantly bad buisness ! So go elswhere if you want a good product .
 This bracelet style was originally designed by someone else and this person bought one and ripped off the design . I 'm not talking about using cord to make the bracelet ; I 'm talking about the specific way this `` person '' makes it.You can buy this fake if you want to , but the original designer was jumpmaster99 on ebay and his are the best . They are much better made than this knockoff .
 The lamp was described as one that would make the `` varoom '' sound.The lamp which we received makes no sound . I consider that false advertising , and will not waste my time trying to get the advertised lamp from such a dishonestprovider.Kng Harley Varoom Lamp
 kng Harley varoom Lamp came damaged through shipping . I follow exchanged policy and to date have not received the replacement lamp . Please follow up and reply with the date my replacement lamp will be shipped to complete action.Item being reviewedKng Harley Varoom
 The only product that I have bought through Amazon that I was not happy with . Poorly machined surfaces which were uneven and had pit marks from the forging process on the machined surface . I returned the product because the case was also destroyed from the weight of the tools during transit .
 Do not buy !! You can not do a good job with this set . I 'll be buying another set this one is only good for beating scrap . Their is noting Professional about this kit . Heavy Duty Professional 7-Piece Auto Body Hammer & Dolly Kit
 After two strikes with one of the hammers the head broke -LRB- popped , might be a more adequate description , do n't think I 've ever seen anything like it before -RRB- off . The interior of the casting looked more like it was made of very porous pot-metal . Maybe these will work well on play-doh ? Did I miss something in the ad . Buyer beware . Great hammers just do n't hit anything with them -LRB- or allow them to be hit ? -RRB- . Does `` Neiko '' translate to something like , `` NOT '' ? : - -RRB-
 Clearly inferior Chinese crap parts . Though they are heavy duty and will stand up to abuse .
 Now I actually ordered this , did n't like the quality , and had a replacement sent . The second kit was just as bad . Like previous reviews , the case is not durable enough to handle the heaviness of the case , especially during shipment , so both cases were cracked on the interior . The surfaces of all the pieces were either rusted , tarnished , imperfect , pitted , etc so although this kit was cheap , you definitely get what you pay for . Now I understand why a quality hammer and dolly kit is so expensive . A kit not for me .
 Cheap Chinese junk , hammer head broke right off when i hit something solid , Crudely made . You get what you pay for I guess .
 Very poorly made . Do n't waste your money . Heavy , bad balance . Castings are about as bad as it gets . Only wish I could get my money back .
 It got the job done the first time to use it again and one of the Hammers broke The Metal used for the hammers is not the best Quality , The price was right for what you get !!
 The cord is stiff / nonflexible . I compared it to the cord on my Porter Cable jig saw and it is stiff . I am returning the cord , do NOT want a cord that I have to fight with all the time .
 broke the first time I tried to use it . . and not even during use ... i tightened it , then decided i wanted to open it , and it refused to ... tried to open it and the handle broke in my hand ... had to cut it to free my bike
 The straps did not stay tight . the buckles allowed the straps to slip instead of grabbing them and keeping them tight . Had to purchase an additional bungee cord .
 These tie downs can not be tightened . The design of the latch allows for a 1/4 inch of play . No what you want in a tie down . I own all kinds of tie downs and these are useless .
 These units -LRB- pack of 4 -RRB- have very unreliable locking system for tighening straps to whatever , must be pulled extremely tight anf then tied as they slip very easily , Would not recommend for roof top traveling .
 We used this to tie down the cargo bag when moving from NY to Texas and I did n't feel secure with it . Would n't recommend it .
 Two stars is average for the device type.The Good : Straps are well built and plenty strong.The bad : The hooks are too small to fit over the rails on most roof racks and so the hooks must be used to snag the web after being passed around the rail.The cam buckle sounds like a good idea but it is really not particularly . The latch must be depressed to tighten the strap through the buckle . Because the hook is too small and it must be looped over the strap this is more awkward than the ratchet strapThe ugly : The latch is difficult to depress.Overall in some cases a bit better than the ratchet strap but by and large not as good as the better ones .
 This is not designed for airplane use ! I knew this before purchasing , but wondered how much force can air Resistance be created by 30 knots max winds?The answer is , not much , but changes in winds , will cause this to loose its functionality.I used this on my Cessna 207 and 206 , and they have lasted no more than 2 months if I am lucky.Yes , they are cheap , but do n't expect them to last a long time .
 The way the strap feeds through the buckle prevents you from actually tightening them down . Go ahead and spend a little more and get better straps . Not worth the time and headache !
 Tarp is so thin it came ripped I patched it up and hope it can last one winter covering my chip truck
 My beef is with this particular type of layout of the prongs/outlets . It works fine until you into plugs that are longer . For example , because of the layout of the plugs , the longer plugs will take up -LRB- i.e. cover up the other plug-in holes -RRB- more than one slot . Stay away from this type of layout , i.e. the holes should be oriented 90 degrees the other way so that longer plugs will not get in the way .
 I have used this flashlight constantly for two years . Loved it ! However , the bulb burned out and they do not sell replacement bulbs . You can not get a replacement bulb from the factory itself and the retailers can not order them . So you end up with a $ 60.00 piece of junk . If anyone knows where to get a replacement bulb , please let me know . I also know of a couple of retailers who would like to know as well .
 Not too impressed with this seat , it shifts around and does n't stay centered on the toilet .
 You will be lucky indeed if this product lasts a year before either it starts leaking or the aereater breaks off . I made a big mistake when I thought I would save money by buying a multi pack of replacement filters . I 've ended up purchasing two additional faucet mounts just to use up the filters . On the positive side , Customer Service is very cooperative about sending replacement parts when it breaks in less than a year .
 The Wattage or Amperage rating must be available and displayed in your add to permit reliability of usage . Improperly sized wire create high heat and wire burn out .
 We had this item put in our home when we built the house . The plastic lever for turning on the water is just too flimsy . We have broken it twice . Then , finding parts to repair it is an phone ` menu ' nightmare . Would not recommend this product .
 Shortened version of this review : - These panels look good and are sturdy , but they probably will not fit your attic . If they took out the notches on the bottom and added more screw holes to allow a better margin of error , they 'd have a very nice product.-The return policy is simply unacceptable.Long version of this review : These panels are nice and sturdy , but the underside of the panels have notches to help them fit more snug . That 's good except that means that your attic must be built * exactly * the way they designed these , and not all attics are made equal . Only the first row fit for me . My row # 2 was 23 inches , and these did not fit . My only hope was to turn them upside down , thus exposing the knee-hurting , eye-sore notches.The next problem was that the screw holes are in one location . If you lucked up and the panel actually fit correctly , then you still need to cross your fingers in that the screw holes actually line up over the wood . My screw holes on row # 2 missed the wood completely.Anyway , I gave up after I could n't find a reasonable compromise and decided to return these . I bought two packs for $ 100 -LRB- with $ 10 shipping included -RRB- . I emailed them through Amazon to get a refund going . During the course of a week , I found out : - It says Aisle 77 , but these are actually sold by JNK Products.-They do not refund shipping.-They said they paid $ 25 shipping -LRB- putting my refund at $ 75 -RRB- . - You are required to ship them back on your own expense.If I wanted to return these to get $ 75 out of my $ 100 , I 'd have to ship it back myself . These are big heavy boxes , and I 'd have to pay consumer-to-business prices on UPS , and the best deal I could find was $ 70 : $ 100 - $ 25 -LRB- their shipping -RRB- - $ 70 -LRB- my shipping -RRB- = $ 5 actual refund.Even if I had their nice shipping rate : $ 100 - $ 25 -LRB- their shipping -RRB- - $ 25 -LRB- my shipping -RRB- = $ 50 actual refund.No thanks . I ended up selling these in town to someone on craigslist and floored my attic with plywood.Hope that helps somebody !
 The designers of this product are massively overly optimistic about how consistent attics joists are placed . In my `` 24 inch OC '' attic some of the spacing 's were 21 inches and others were 25 + . -LRB- It 's the nature of an attic - it 's not that critical to get them perfectly accurate -RRB- . Why do n't they put drillable holes all in the product so it can be more flexible ??? Seems like a no-brainer , but you only gave me 5 or 6 holes to use . Grrrr . I tried to submit a comment at the Manufacture 's webpage but it seemed broken . -LRB- Kept saying I needed a subject when I had entered a subject -RRB-
 The cheapest I have found this product is $ 111.00 / 10 pack with free shipping + tax from Home Depot . Even at this price a 10 pack will only cover a 48 '' x 80 '' space , not even the size of 1 sheet of plywood . A 5/8 '' -LRB- 19/32 '' -RRB- thick sheet of plywood , if screwed down properly , is strong enough for an attic floor , and very customizable . No need to worry if your joists are not exactly 24 '' on center , just cut it to fit . The current price at Home Depot is $ 21.97 for a 4 ' x 8 ' sheet . So 4 sheets of 5/8 '' plywood that covers 128 sq ft will cost me $ 87.88 + tax . 40 panels -LRB- 24 '' x 16 '' each -RRB- of Attic Dek that covers only 106.7 sq ft will cost $ 444.00 + tax . Ouch !!! And what happens over time to the plastic ??? As we all know , attics can get extremely hot and cold . Plastic under these conditions over time will get brittle and crack.Yeah , it looks nice , but at what price . And who sees your attic ???
 First , the 24 Inch Attic Dek is not a square panel , as you might think . This fact could be important when you plan your layout . Each panel is 16x24 square inches . I do n't know if this constitutes false advertising . So with four units you end up covering 10 square feet , which is not very much considering the cost
 Do n't use your attic for storage . It cuts down your blown insulation `` R '' value . It will reduce the insulation because you are compressing the insulation down , and that brings your `` R '' value to a lower value .
 received this turbine and installed on roof . flimsy construction . once installed it started squeaking . a good wind would bend it . the sellers were fantastic to work with . gave me credit back for its return . but the product itself ? bad -- flimsy -- noisy -- cheaply made . stay away from this one .
 Someone told me that these are great blades . Mine wobbled all over the place . I just use it for chopping wood these days .
 This product did n't work at all . Very disappointed in this product . Wo n't buy it again . I do n't like wasting money .
 These clamps were designed to work for a few times . I bought 6 of them 5 months ago but did not put them to use till recently . I bought 6 . They all fail to grip . They are peices of jusnk . There is not warrantly information on these . Stay away from them . They are insult to the name Denali .
 I purchased a 36 inch and an 18 inch Denali clamp -LRB- 2 each -RRB- the 36 inch clamp was great , five stars but this 18 inch is worthless , I 've had it in use for about a month now and it 's aleady started to slip when I clamp it down , it 's something I 'll probally eventually throw away , please buy the 36 inch but stear clear of the 18 inch .
 This is not a 1/16 '' drill bit ! This is TINY . I received two of these , and the replacement was the wrong size too . This does n't even look like the picture in the item description ! I would rate this 0 stars if I could .
 I didnt buy this but I was looking around at related products . 79 bucks for a couple brushes , roller and cheap razor blade , sizors and putty knife . This is a rip off ! you could get all this at Walmart for 20 .
 Do n't know why Amazon always seems to expect the customer to purchase their merchandise sight unseen WITHOUT EVER PROVIDING THE CRITICAL INFORMATION NECESSARY TO MAKE ANY SORT OF AN INFORMED PURCHASING DECISION
 This is a battery powered flashlight ONLY !!!!! It is powered by two lithium disc batteries . If you take the batteries out and use the shaking motion to `` charge '' it , it barely gives off any light no matter how long you shake it . Save your money for a good flashlight .
 I just ordered 4 of these for emergency . And i thought it was like another one i have where you shake and it stays lit for several minutes at a time . This only works as you shake it and even then , it hardly lights up anything . And they are too small .
 I purchased 6 Denali Speed Grip Bar Clamp/Spreaders in August 2007 . Within 6 months of light use -LRB- used 2 or 3 times in my home workshop -RRB- , three of the clamps have failed and will not hold pressure . When I looked into getting warranty replacements I found out these clamps do not come with any warranty . None ! I will not buy a Denali product again .
 Got these about a month ago , one works well , the other slips as soon as it starts to build pressure . The design seems to be good , clutch plates are heavier than my store brand speed clamps . There are two plate one direction and one the other , my others have only one clutch each direction . The pivit point for the handle has a steel dowel as to plastic on the generics . That said I have yet to get a Toolshop -LRB- Menards brand -RRB- clamp that didnt work . Havent broke one yet either.If these clamps all worked when I got them I 'd give them 4 1/2 stars . They do fit the hand comfotably , and seem to clamp well when they work . Tighten up Q.C. and these would be good clamps for the money .
 Worked fine for a while then they just quit holding a grip.No warranty . Pay a little more for a name brand and get reliable quality.Denali DeNoWay !
 Lightweight , overpriced , and overall poor quality . The grip action is halting and stiff , and the clutch is prone to skipping . Anything else would be better .
 I purchased different sizes of denali clamps the majority do n't hold , do n't waste your money.I will not purchase another denali product ! Also I ` am starting to question my loyalty to amazon for selling such J U N K !!!!!
 This light broke the first time i took it out . Brinkman 's customer support would not sell me a replacement globe and after there dismissive customer service this is the last one of there products i will buy .
 This light is small and not worth your money the glass broke after the first 5 min of use buy something better than this .
 I ORDERED 2 BRINKMANN 800-1515-0 STARFIRE II Under water fishing lights . When the box arrived I did not observe any damage but when I removed the 2 items which were packaged separately I OPENED ONE OF THE SEALED PACKAGES AND CAREFULLY REMOVED THE BRINKMANN LIGHT AND OBSERVED THAT THE GLOBE WAS CRACKED AND NOT USEABLE , THE OTHER ONE WAS FINE . I REPACKAGED THE DAMAGED LIGHT AS BEST I COULD AND FORWARDED AN EMAIL IN REFERENCE THE DAMAGE AND WAS ADVISED THAT IT WAS ALL I HAD TO DO . I HAVE BEEN WAITING TO LEARN WHAT TO DO BUT HAVE NOT HEARD WHAT TO DO ABOUT RETURNING THE BROKEN LIGHT .
 It worked very well hanging off the back of my boat at night while kids watched all the critters . I suspect the filament broke somehow but not sure . Glass is in tact but it just stopped working .
 broke within first hour of use , package was damaged when arrived also the lights are not as bright as the lights you get from Wal-Mart .
 The seller never has any response after the order placed . And the item was neverreceived though the seller is still selling that item.Wondering why the seller does that . Very dissatisfied !
 I installed the Mace Motion Alert in an outside shed.It worked well until the alkaline battery went dead in about 1 month . I then installed a lithium battery and it lasted about 2 months . That would have cost me about $ 30 a year for batteries and I would have to frequently check it.I then had my alarm company install a remote sensor that transmitted to my home alarm system and threw this item away .
 The battery died in less than a week . I replaced the battery and it still did not work . A big waste of money !
 This radio has a very good rich sound for such a small speaker . The 1 bulb LED flashlight is brighter than I thought it would be . The rubberized case is solid and durable . Two minutes of cranking has consistently provided 45 minutes of play time at average volume . There are 3 big drawbacks . 1 . The tuning knob is very small and next to impossible to read . 2 . The crank handle is the smallest I 've seen and feels like it will break easily . 3 . The worst feature is the on/off switch for the flashlight . It is a `` push '' round button mounted on the side that keeps turning itself on when you hold the radio or pick it up . They should have used a `` slide '' switch and put it in a different area .
 I got this wind up Radio & Light because we had a 12 hour blackout here in San Diego and I wanted a radio I could listen to in future emergencies . This thing was very hard to crank . I tried to crank it for 4 minutes and never got any power for light or radio . Then I tried cranking it again and the fold out handle broke . I never got it cranked enough to get any power . Bad design , fragile handle and very hard to crank . Not surprised the handle broke .
 Have received and reviewed this item . I cranked it for 2 minutes . The radio played no longer than 2-3 minutes then died . I tried to crank it longer - same results . It is useless . It 's large and bulky -LRB- though very sleek and nice -RRB- . The cranking handle looks fragile and I suspect with all the cranking this toy needs , it will break sooner than later . Bottom line
 This light has many uses . With the batteries in , you can use it as a crummy flashlight or decent small radio . Without the batteries it has many more uses . You can use it as a dog toy or paperweight . You can use it to build up callouses in your hands and fingers and also use it to build the muscles in your forearms . You can crank it long enough to create the heat necessary to warm a small cup of snow to make water ; longer if you want to heat some tea . If you think your fingers are working too well and not getting skinned up often enough to look tough , this will fix that . You could probably use it in the wild to throw at a small animal or even to aggravate large beasts like grizzly bears . Perhaps they would think it was a giant bumblebee and would leave you alone . The `` dynamo '' switch on the side that goes from battery power to crank power will provide you with the best joke of the day , and you will laugh for hours at the double-irony ; surely Hummer meant that ! In addition to these many uses , it also will make you a better person . You will build a commendable amount of patience cranking this thing for twenty or thirty minutes at a time , only to have it not work at all . How many people get great experiences like that in life ? I think it 's worth twice what I paid for that bit of character-building alone . On top of all that , your friends and family will only laugh at you for a few minutes , then after a while their empathy will kick in and your relationships will grow as they pity you and try and be there for you in your time of sheer pathetic realization .
 This is a very good-looking filter . We used to live in Orlando where the water tastes like sewage , so a good filtration system was a must . This filter definitely cleans the water to drinking standards and the on/off functionality is well thought out . However , this is one of the SLOWEST water filters we have tried . It starts off okay but after a week or so , we wanted to return it because it took so long just to fill a glass . We tried another filter and the same things happened . A friend who was staying with us informed us that her PUR had done the same thing.So , we went back to Target and purchased a Clear Flow for 2/3 the price of the PUR and we could n't be happier . It has 3X the water flow and looks just as good on the faucet . Go with Clear Flow or Brita instead of PUR .
 Do n't waste your money on this device . It does n't last past the first filter , as putting a replacement in apparently causes all of the seals to fail , and the ergonomic design means the water leaking out of the filter indicator that is unfiltered mixes in with the filtered water coming out of the device , so that you , at best , get slightly cleaner water , but not filtered.I 've never been more disappointed in a device , what 's the point if you have replace both the filter AND the faucet mount every time the filter runs out ?
 `` I ordered this unit for my mother . She received only the bottome portion of it in one box and in the 2nd box was only a pen and not the rest of the filter . The seller then accused my mother of lying . It 's a $ 30 filter that I bought for her to have clean water . We order all the time from Amazon and we have never had any problems . I want the money credited back to my account immediately ! Any now after asking for the refund , which has yet to be credited , they have the nerve to ask for the original boxes back , still accussing her of lying . I 'm having my mother email me her scanned copy of the receipt from the store she had to go to just to get a complete working water filter . I am extremely disappointed in Tarsal for not taking care of their customers . I 'm the Supervisor of Customer Service at a very large National retail store and we most certainly do not take care of our customers this way . ''
 I was very dissapointed with this saw . The blade was not pararllel to the fence and had to be adjusted . Two of the adjustment bolts for blade alignment were frozen , one moved easily and the other took every bit of effort I had - I could n't align the blade . The stand is minimal . I sent it back and bought the Bosch . Spend the money for Bosch , you wo n't be unhappy .
 The set may be OK for you to install a few hinges on soft wood doors . All three broke after I used them for making only 2 ~ 3 holes on my solid mahogany doors . The drill bits burn the wood and then stuck . The screw that holds the bit is too fragile .
 Got these on Friday , had to install 18 doors today . Broke 2 of these bits before I had 3 doors drilled . It is nice that I can replace the bits but still annoying that I have to get new bits now .
 Seriously , I think they bought these at harbor freight and resold them . The set screws would not hold the drill bit in place from the very first use . I was drilling in very soft wood . After fussing with them for a while I gave up . I suggest you get a set from somewhere that you can vouch for the manufacturer .
 The first time I used one of these , the drill bit came loose and got stuck in the wood . The set screw will not keep the bit in the sheath . I emailed Anytime tools and got no response . I wo n't be buying from them Anytime soon .
 piss poor , the drill broke the first time I used it and they are made very cheap I would not recommend this product
 I actually bought this item because I really wanted to improve and speed up my cabinet making work.Well , it obviously did n't meet my expectation . The holes are way of the center , and I am doing much better work without them.In my opinion - waste of money.Thanks for reading , Gingko .
 while this is a lower priced shower door , the extremely poor quality was surprising . It arrived with a huge crack down the middle , -LRB- of a plastic -LRB- not glass -RRB- door -RRB- which was not surprising given that there was absolutely no protection within the shipping carton . after numerous phone and emails back and forth , the supplier did credit my account , but the transaction was more than a little annoying . the product is of such poor construction , amazon would do well to drop it from its product list . ps , went to home depot and for $ 25 more , purchased a glass door of far superior quality
 i had av724-20 for about a WEEK IT FELLOVER THE HANDLE BROKE MILWAUKEE WOULD NOT REPLACE IT . EVEN THOUGH THEY ADMITTED THE HANDLE TO BE WEEK ...
 I purchased the `` bare tool '' because I have some v28 batteries , I like them because they stay charged on the shelf -LRB- within reason -RRB- . This drill broke in Consumer Reports testing of hammer drills . Also , it is made in China . Performed very well in drilling concrete block for anchors . The side handle is the best yet of Bosch , DeWalt , Makita that I own . It is easily adjustable and stays put . UPDATE
 The drill itself feels terrific . Heavy construction , tight tolerances , everything you could want . But what the Amazon page does n't tell you is that it does n't include a battery . Suddenly that great savings is not so great . Fully outfitted this will cost you closer to $ 400 .
 The item is described as having 1012 pieces . I am assuming the 25 trays , the 45 bins and the box are 71 items out of the 1012 total . What was shipped to me was only the 71 storage items ; the actual connectors etc were missing . This then is just a review of 71 items I received . When I pulled the plastic box out of cardboard box I was careful that I held the front of the box up so that the trays would not slip out . One tray did slip out the backside because the holes on the back are big enough for the tray to fit through . The tray fell three feet and broke . I have seen some poorly made storage containers before but this one takes the 1st place as the worst by far . Thin brittle plastic , holes on the back of the box and the drawers do not slide well . I wish I could have checked out the actual parts but they were missing . I sent the box back .
 Said it fit a Whirlaway but it 's a tad too small . Guess I 'll pull out the crazyglue and try to fix my old one .
 Great shipping . Very fast . Went to fire it up and well ... nothing . I 'm gon na tear it apart and see if I ca n't figure out the problem but this sucker wo n't work at all !
 This item is cheap and useless .1
 Rife with manufacturing defects . Trigger rods and bait pan do not mesh . Bait pan is not level when the trap is set which tells you something is seriously off . More importantly if you do manage to set the trap , it WILL NOT TRIGGER without heavy weight on the bait pan , which no small animal can deliver . Ca n't lower one of the door locks when set , because the roof is warped that side . TRASH . What a disappointment , I had heard so many great things about this trap .
 I tried this on a plaster wall . The nail had a hard time going in to the plaster and kept bending . I tried a couple nails and they all had the same problem . I removed the shield and a big chunk of paint came out with it . So the nails did n't work and the adhesive backing did n't work -LRB- or worked too well . It 's supposed to allow repositioning .
 This tool works great if you drive the screw perfectly perpendicular to the sheetrock and hit the stud , otherwise it stinks.Tension is required in the fastener to engage the gears , so if you miss the stud , there is no screw removal with this tool . If you end up at an angle the screw pops off before it reaches the correct depth.Other than the belt clip , which is convienient , my cordless drill works just as good without the hitches .
 This did not work for me . I tried it on two different cars a few years ago , a 1992 mercedes 300E and a 1996 Chevy Suburban . The Mercedes was converted to 134a ; every summer it requires to be filled with freon . The Suburban would leak out the freon about every 4th week . I thought this would fix the leaks since they are both small enough , but they both leaked out the freon at about the same rate as without this seal . The best solution is to find the source of the leak and get it repaired properly , which many not be the cheapest way , but it 's the best long term solution .
 I must preface my review that I can not speak to the sealing effectiveness of this product as the compressor seized during the road test . The hose it comes with is crap , plain and simple . Its suposed to be a quick release and seal up but it didnt , instead after i disconnected it the hose sprayed a nasty sticky , oily foam . So even if the compressor had lived im not too sure about if the sealer would have even done the job . Lesson learned , always test the viability of the system before adding expesnsive additives .
 I pulled 30 inches of vacuum for 30 minutes on my Chevrolet s-10 pickup . I installed Cliplight 's ss pro 946 kit per instructions . My s-10 's ac blew ice cold at first -LRB- 38 degrees -RRB- for like 3 weeks -LRB- same as last year -RRB- , then I noticed the ac 's not as cold . Now it 's lucky to get to 70 degrees . It 's obviously leaking . $ 85 wasted -LRB- 3 cans 134a synthetic and ss pro kit -RRB- . The ss pro 946 kit is supposed to seal any existing and new leaks.A lot of great reviews but I do not think I will use again as SS Pro did NOT fix my trucks problem.A heads up
 Does n't work I vacuumed the system and changed the accumulator . The item did not stop the small evaporator leak I had in my Durango do n't waste your money .
 I make sure follow instruction from label such as after 5 minutes vacuum and pressure still holding 23 psi requirment , no air in system by vacuum and recharge the amount freon per Auto manufacture with the Leak Repair Kit . Result `` Clog up expansion valve '' . Help Help .
 Cliplight Manufacturing 946KIT Super Seal Pro A/C Leak Repair KitI 've had problems for a couple of years with my auto air conditioner -LRB- a 2000 Chrysler product -RRB- and believed the main problem to be with a leak in the dryer , which is a real pain in the a. . to change on my particular car . After using a couple of cheaper brands of sealants and recharging the refrigerant 2 or 3 times in the past to no avail , I decided to buy and try the Super Seal . I followed the detailed directions to the letter ; and the air conditioner worked ok for about 1 1/2 weeks but then went kaput again . The previous attempts at sealing the system may have interfered with the efficacy of this product . My neighbor , who is a certified HVAC technician , told me has had good luck with this company 's products in other refrigeration applications . In my opinion , it 's worth spending the money on a can of this stuff and trying it before spending `` big money '' to get your auto air repaired .
 The instructions say to connect the can to the supplied hose , turn the can upside down and allow contents to empty into the car 's AC system . Well the can `` emptied '' alright , but only into the attached hose , not fully into the car 's AC system . So when I detached the hose from the car -LRB- because the can was `` empty '' -RRB- , you guessed it , this EXPENSIVE sealant went rushing out of the hose and onto my garage floor . Not happy .
 Used as instruction said to the letter , rub dishwashing solution where leak was , 30 mins later leak still there.Don ' t waste your money on this .
 i used this exactly my 98 chev cavalier per instructions , just turned 100k . NO LUCK ! what a waste of money for me . all but 2 reviews raved about it so i thought whats another 30 something bucks if it worked . i guess you take the gamble and you win or lose . loser here ! i did read that you must use freon right after using this or the port will clog . wouldnt that figure ??? the only thing this stuff stops is the low side port ???
 I bought a reconditioned 5615-81 router from Tool King . The description and product photo makes it seem like the item is in like-new condition or nearly so which it 's not . The case and manual are grimy and there were dings and scratches on the tool housing . Someone had engraved a number on the red plastic top just below the height adjustment knob . There are scratches and pits on the machined portion of the housing . All of these are cosmetic and do not effect tool function , however the most disturbing and disappointing problem is that there is a loose piece of metal rattling around inside the motor housing . I can see it from the cooling vents when I turn the unit upside down . There is a note inside the case saying that the unit has been mechanically tested and inspected . I have a hard time believing that and I can only visualize catastrophe if the piece of metal meets the 24000rpm armature.I 've owned other Milwaukee tools and have been impressed with the quality and durability . At best , this unit was dusted off and put back in the box . Being reconditioned , it only carries a 1-year factory warranty versus 5-years if bought new .
 I bought this drill because already had a similar one and thought I 'd get two and share batteries . From day 1 the battery charger that came with the drill did not work . I ended up using the battery from my old drill . Then a few days later the new battery stopped taking a charge.I have emailed Skilshop numerous times in the past month . I also emailed Amazon about this problem but I have not seen a response .
 DANCO Single Handle Faucet Replacement Cartridge MO-3 -LRB- 88431 -RRB- that replaces the MOEN part # 1225 is easy to install and works well for about 1 week . After about one week it starts to get difficult to use the faucet and keeps getting more difficult as time goes on , mine even squeaked like rubber against plastic . After 6 mounts it makes the faucet almost impossible to use.About 6 mounts ago my MOEN faucet was dripping a little -LRB- after several years of use -RRB- so I went to the store and got a replacement cartridge made by DANCO . I replaced the cartridge and every thing was fine.After a week or two the faucet started getting hard to turn off . My faucet has an extension between the handle and the cartridge , consisting of two coaxial pieces of plastic with an O ring mounted on the inner one . I thought the O ring on the extension was causing the problem because the faucet felt like an O ring had gone bad and the faucet did n't leak.I tried with out success to get a replacement so I put off opening the faucet for as long as I could stand . Two weeks ago I opened the faucet to try to see what I could do for the extension . I found that the extension worked smoothly and easily and that the cartridge was the problem.I bough a new DANCO cartridge at the local store and installed it . Everything worked fine . I did a postmortem on the cartridge and found an O ring in very bad shape , in fact there really was n't much left.After about one week the faucet started to be hard to operate again , so I located a MOEN # 1225 and installed it.I now have two DANCO cartridges that failed because of the same O ring , so I looked closer at how the cartridge is made.First thing is the MOEN part does not have this O ring.Second in normal use the O ring which is attached to the inner brass rod in the DANCO part moves across two holes -LRB- one on each side -RRB- in the plastic outer part . This sliding across the edge of a hole eventually removes little pieces of rubber from the O ring making it rough and causing it to bind when moved.Looking at the MOEN and DANCO parts together make me wonder if the DANCO part could be fixed by just removing the extra O ring , but it 's to much trouble to try it , when I now have the correct part.The O ring that was in service for about 6 mounts was almost half gone and the faucet was not leaking . Is it really needed?The O ring in the cartridge that was used two weeks was rough and not shinny anymore and when I moved the inner brass stem , I could see the O ring being pinched against the edge of the hole in the plastic.NOTE
 At first the cartridge worked good . Then little by little I saw a small drip . I thought it was my kids not shutting it all the way , but then it kept dripping more and more . Decided to take it out and lo and behold , one of the O-Rings had a small tear allowing water thru . So this time I bought the Moen replacement . Time will tell if that one leaks .
 Because this product requires me to shower with a friend ... and not even in a fun way.The tension in the cartridge is weaker than the Moen 's . This causes the weight of the shower head nozzle to drift downward / not stay in place while taking a shower . And it moves pretty quick.After trying two of these with no change in results , I just ordered a Moen replacement cartridge instead . Until it arrives , me and my wife switch off holding the shower handle in place while the other quickly prepares for the day . When the wife sneezed in the shower this morning , I was treated with scalding hot water across the body.Unless you 're looking for an unpleasant way to lure your roommate into the shower with you , I 'd spend the few extra bucks .
 We bought this less than a year ago . The o-ring broke that soon ! Buy the genuine Moen one instead . The Moen one is easier to install -LRB- fits better , requires less force to install -RRB- , easier to turn on/off , and easier to turn to adjust temperature .
 It is missing info on the screwhole distance . There are many different doors with different screwholes ... mine is old and the distance is 3 1/2 '' . . all the other handles on this site has that listed .
 The hose adapter was missing and so was an owners manual . opened the box and only the pump was there . unfortunately , my husband opened the box and did n't tell me it was missing parts until after the return time had expired . Lesson learned . Check your boxes when you get them .
 This pump , which is a later version of the previous pump I owned , was advertised as being `` UL and CSA listed '' . However while it does have the CSA listing and sticker , it is NOT UL listed nor does it bear the UL sticker . My previous pump clearly has the UL sticker on it and was UL listed , and I bought this pump thinking it was the same , yet it obviously is not . I called the Little Giant pump manufacturer , Franklin Electric , and they confirmed this model of pump is not now UL listed . So I feel I got `` sandbagged '' by Amazon .
 In the past three years , I have owned five of these pumps.I bought them because there were inexpensive.Well the old lesson holds true in this case : `` You get what you pay for . `` Two pumps have given up the ghost and , tonight , my third Little Giant pump has turned into an oily mess.So evidently , the seals are shot.It would not be so bad if i used these pumps a lot but , i do n't . I turn them on for ten minutes spurts , once every week or two.I also have two Flotec pumps that I 've owned for three yearsI use them everyday and I 've never had a problem with either of them.No more Little Giants for me !
 Bought it to occasionally drain a pool after a rain . Last one lasted 15 years after intense use . This one lasted only 5 months and only used it 3 times . motor free but just locks up and hums when turned on . Not what they used to be .
 I bought 2 of these pumps as my backups . I had them for a little over a year before I needed one for my Koi pond and after 3 months it leaked oil , What a mess . And since the guarantee is only a year I 'm out of luck . I always used the black pumps for the last 15 years and had no idea these blue ones were n't as good . My opinion . I would n't buy another one , will pay more and get the black one .
 Had this for two months and it broke . Was using it to drain my pool cover and just quit . Returning it now .
 Little Giant 5.5-ASP Submersible Sump PumpI have used the Little Giant 5.5 ASP submersible pump only one time and just recently noticed oil in my fountain , thinking my pool man was not cleaning well . Pump was still working until still leaked oil and then pump just died . what a waste of money since just recently replaced the pump and had to pay lots of money for install . And now to think that i have to buy another and have it installed . No way . . i am changing pumps . You are a Little Pea not a Giant .
 Bought this unit in the fall of 2009 . Worked great over the winter . Ceased to operate in Jan 2011 . Way too much to spend for fewer than two seasons .
 I purchased 5 of these units for use in a hydroponic greenhouse . One , which was connected to the cooling system failed in under ONE MONTH . This resulted in the greenhouse overheating to 120 + degrees , and entire crop being lost . A second unit failed in under a month was connected to an NFT lettuce system . Again , entire crop was lost due to pump failure . So , two of the five unites failed in under a month . The three that did not fail are run about 10 minutes per day on a dutch bucket system using a timer ... so the ones that were used consistently failed in under a month , and those on a timer and used infrequently so far are still working.I contacted the dealer who sold the units to me , and they said that they had seen similar failures in their test systems.The failed units were still under warranty , but when I read the warranty details , it pretty much amounted to you mail it back to them , and they look at it and decide whether to honor the warranty or not . I did not return , as I was already out the money for replacement pumps , value of the two failed crops , and did not want to risk the postage to return to manufacturer in the hopes that they would honor the warranty.My advice ... DO NOT BUY THESE UNITS !
 I owned one of these for 15 years . The one I owned was made in the USA . The new one I just got is made in Mexico . The moment I put this into the water , small bubbles from the seam on the blue casing began escaping in a small stream to the surface . I did n't think this was a big deal but when I looked closer , it was actually leaking small droplets of the oil from inside the pump to the water surface . The pump got way hotter than my current 5MSP that I own . Just disappointing .
 The first unit I had lasted 10 years . The second one lasted about a week . The third unit lasted 2 months . Finally , I decided enough with this product and changed to a different pump maker . I learned Little Giant moved production to Mexico and now turn out what I consider junk !!!
 This product sucks . I have purchased 4 of the littlegiant pumps over the last 5 years , to get the rainwater off my pool cover . At first I thought that is was theway it was used . The last 3 I would take off the cover afterit cleared the water . They always burn out before a full year.Find another pump . This product sucks .
 Had a Little Giant 5 MSP pump for my back yard 4 foot high waterfall with pond water feature for over 6 years and it eventually failed -LRB- froze up -RRB- . Replaced it -LRB- bought from Amazon -RRB- with identical unit and it failed -LRB- froze up -RRB- after about 7 months -LRB- Nov 2012 -RRB- . Find another manufacturer . The new Little Giants are garbage . Do n't buy Little Giant !
 I bought two at one time since they have previously only lasted less than a year on my fountain . The last one I bought has lasted less than two months .
 I purchased 5 of these for Christmas presents . I tried one out in order to demonstrate at the proper time.Number 1
 I should have read the previous review before ordering , because this product did not work at all . The on/off button did not work/click . The light produced a very faint light , less than a cell phone emits . Do n't buy this product ; there are better flashlights out there .
 more of a novelty than a useful flashlight . need to shake it a lot to get a charge and even then the emitted light is too low to be useful . the switch has also broken and we havent even used the flashlight more than a couple times ... would not recommend buying this flashlight , trying to return mine . .
 Takes a lot of shaking for a very weak light . I 've had super-cheap shake lights that worked better . Has a nice quality feel to it , so maybe I just got a dud ? But I did buy another model by the same brand at the same time -LRB- the one with the battery -RRB- and it was the same way .
 I ordered these based on the Flashy Quackers Duck Family Gift Set being waterproof . These do not appear to be waterproof . There is nothing that indicates that they are . Whoever heard of a rubber duck that you ca n't use it water ? They are way too expensive to try it and find out .
 I love the length of the chord , but that was about all I could say that I loved.Only two of the outlet plugs actually worked - the other ones , I , for some reason , could n't get any plug to go into ! Definitely a strange issue .
 Not a heavy duty outlet strip . If it did not cost so much I would have returned . Found a heavy duty outlet strip at Walmart for less money . Do not waste your money on this item .
 I needed a longer cord but this cord it WAY to long and the whole thing is so heavy . It 's a lot bigger than it looks and not at all what I needed .
 This knife is supposed to be a springless locking type knife . In 3 months after purchasing the first one from the same source , the blade would not stay in and last week would no longer lock when fully open . I have no reason to believe that this 2nd one will be any different .
 This fan looks good , and at nearly $ 400 , described as ` Nickel ' , it ought to be good quality . It 's not . Little more than 12 months after fitting to outdoor lanai , with no direct rain , the surface plating is rusting off . Anyone who needs convincing can see our photos.What this product is , is cheap base metal with some kind of ` Nickel ' -LRB- ? maybe ? -RRB- coating , which last a few months before lifting , to rust underneath.I have an option to return it at our full cost - it took 4 hours to install , and it will take the same to dismantle , so that 's not viable . I 'll probably have to replace it in a few months - that 's cheaper and less time wasting . The replacement will not be this product again.DO NOT BUY THIS FAN IF YOU THINK IT WILL STAND UP TO OUTDOOR CONDITIONS
 Note before you buy this that it is made of a zinc alloy which is too soft for practical use . There is no such thing as a `` cheap tool '' . I intend to buy Black and Decker 's version which is made of tempered steel as a good tool should be made
 I thought this would be more conveniet , but the batteries do n't hold a charge long , the motor does n't really do that good a job tightening the jaws for a good fit , and when they * do * , it 's a tad * too * tight to easily remove the wrench to prepare for the next turn . On top of that , the motor housing makes the wrench wider than normal , which becomes cumbersome with smaller bolts of precisely the size you 'd hope this would be more handy managing . And the housing located at the head of the tool also shortens the available swing in tight situations such that I inevitably prefer an old standard crescent brand wrench because it winds up being a better tool for anyone at all comfortable with a crescent wrench . Crescent invented the tool and perfected it . There are more patents issued for better mousetraps than any other invention , but the original is still the most-used . You 'll likely go back to using your Crescent or Craftsman crescent quickly after briefly trying this tool .
 Useless . Tried it out last night with lots of mosquitos harassing us and did not kill even one . Nothing happens even when you drop one on the racket . Never even heard the crackling sound indicating you got one . We ended up killing most with our hands before giving up and retiring inside . Will be returning .
 It simply does not work . You need to squash bugs to kill them . I 'm sure it 's not supposed to work that way . Compared to the bug zapper I got from Walmart , this is a junk .
 Item did not work when it arrived even though I tried 2 sets of brand new batteries . Could not contact seller to replace . My only option was to mail back the defective item but the shipping charges were more than I paid for the stupid worthless piece of plastic .
 the item did not work and was a waste of money . i recommend buying toilet paper instead of this.H
 this thing takes batteries and does n't hold a good charge , you have to change the batteries twice per day just to use effectively .
 I used this product for about a week before it broke for not apparent reason . The power light comes on , but it does n't deliver the shock -LRB- yes , I replaced the batteries -RRB-
 I saw a product like this on vacation , which worked splendidly , and I had to have one . This is not it . I carefully chose one that took D batteries , so it would be a good size , and more powerful , but I received a smaller version that takes double A 's . It is useless . Do not bother with it .
 Stuns flies , but does not kill them . I then have to kill them or get them out of the house before they wake back up.I 've used other models at friends houses that work fine , perhaps because theirs use a 9v battery . This model uses two AA batteries , and seems way underpowered . No satisfying `` pop '' either .
 I ordered this item to put a stop to all the moths . When it arrived it was missing the battery cover . No big deal . I just held the batteries in place with my fingers or a rubber band . I used it once and the next time I went to use it it did not zap . The coil for the batteries had fallen off . I threw it away the day after I got it .
 a dud . Thought it was defective . Decided to verify / give it a second chance . Held it up to my ear , barely audible , unlike , my other -LRB- great -RRB- one / , of a different brand . Stuck my finger past all the childproof mesh and got a SLIGHT , ever so slight shock . Have yet to kill anything with it in a 5 day period . Better of using a shoe.Save your money . Buy a G200 Defender by Outset ! with a green handle -- those can be heard from far away when you touch the button & shock you afterword . It may be study , but that is all this offers . I guess the batteries fit well , unlike the 3rd brand i tried -LRB- if it says '' kills bugs instantly , electronic bug zapper , run for the hills -- do n't get it -RRB- . How 3 brands can all be from China , but only 1 was good says a lot . Do n't get this ; get the G200 by Outset instead -- it 's only maybe a buck more and will put a hurt on them . It was worth at least 4 of these . I could not killl anything with it yet in almost a week .
 I was hopeful based on other reviews that it would work . I had an issue with basic house flies that were getting in the house from outside . The racket uses 3 layers of screens , but this caused too much `` wind '' when trying to swat a fly out of the air . If you happen to hit one , the fly needs to touch two layers of screens at the same time to get zapped.Since the racket is well ... a racket -- you ca n't swat-to-kill when they are sitting on the counter . You just trap the fly and hope it walks on the racket and touchs the two layers ... and then ZAP!I bought two , since I knew my son would want to try when he saw me swatting ... but they both broke . One just quit zapping , and with the other the plastic and layers started coming apart.I missed the 30 day return window , otherwise I would have tried to get a refund .
 This swatter is a piece of junk ; made with very thin plastic , electric grid is made with almost tin foil material , swatter head is super flimsy , and handle is not much sturdier.The item pictured is NOT what you receive , the item is a smaller cheaper poorer version of the electric fly swatter.Harbor freight sell a much better one . Buyer beware . Even one star is too high for this piece .
 It will eventually kill a nagging little pest , but not without a lot of effort . You ca n't just press the button and swipe at said pest ; you have to hunt it down , getting the racket right on top of it with a little pressure before it will finally lay to rest . There are rackets out there that are effective -LRB- and , as an added bonus , fun to boot -RRB- , but this is n't the brand . Unfortunately I do n't remember the brand I had used before that did work .
 It worked well for as long as it lasted -- about 35 minutes . Just a mild swing at an elusive fruit fly killed the zapper -LRB- and not the fly -RRB- . It stopped working after a couple of strong swings . A red light that comes on when the button is pressed showed that the batteries were n't a problem . in fact , a fly that got caught in the mesh managed to muscle its way out with little effort , with no pop/zap/spark which i saw the first few times when I used it . Poor construction , too delicate to handle swings at annoying creatures that make you chase them all over the place .
 This Electronic Racket does n't work , even when trying it in a swarm of mosquitos . Not one zapped ! I did get a lot of arm exercise trying to get it to work . This is a waste of your money . I recommend do n't buy this . Sending it back costs too much . Another worthless piece of junk to toss .
 PRO
 We have used other mosquito bats in the past and they were very effective . This bat has a considerably smaller head and does n't seem to work very well compared to ones we have used . Very dissapointed .
 First of all , I received a different item that pictured . Mine was red , had a stencil of a bug in the middle , and was small , only about 6 '' in diameter . One out of two did n't work so I am sending them back and ordering something else .
 This thing is worthless , I actually trapped a fly against a window and it crawled through the wire mesh and got out ! The button was pushed and nothing happened . I even went as far and got my multimeter out and checked the voltage -LRB- measured around 8 volts -RRB- on the wires . Not sure how this thing is suppose to kill bugs at 8 volts . I was doubtful prior to purchase but read the postive reviews and decided to try it out . One of those live and learn type of experiences .
 I bought a different 1 of these @ Target 3 years ago ... it worked great & just broke ... decided to purchase this one from Amazon for approximately the same price ... It is awful ... It 's got more zap than the original purchase , but you have to really whack the stupid thing into the bug -LRB- or table or chair or wall -RRB- ... I could have purchased a fly swatter from the $ 1 store and been as satisfied ... Would NOT recommend this zapper to any one ... I am returning to Target in an attempt to re-purchase the original one .
 I am not fond of houseflies , and have used a similar bug zapper with success -- it looks similar but has a much lighter handle , a different metal screen , and uses a 9 volt battery instead of D cells -LRB- that 's why the handle is lighter -RRB- . I am reasonably strong and athletic and play racket sports . But , and I suppose this is obvious , even with an electronic bug zapper you need to swing the zapper fast enough to hit the bug . With the 9-volt racket that is way lighter , this is easy . With this racket it is close to impossible unless you can get the bug to hover for you . This product is close to useless , get the other kind .
 My husband hit the fly with it several times and the swatter did nothing to it . The fly kept on flying . Others were right , the plastic is cheap and brittle , the hanging hook was broken by the time we got to it and it 's never worked once . It was broken and defective from the first use . Now I 'm trying to work with Amazon about a return .
 I bought this Zapper to replace another model -LRB- Charcoal Companion Amazing Bug Zapper -RRB- which worked great until I dropped it and it broke . This product is much weaker than the one I previously owned . It does n't exactly ZAP the bug ... it slowly shocks it . I seem to have to zap a bug 2-4 times before it dies and the death is not quick . I have replaced the batteries with brand new ones and same result . I have also have tried a 2nd zapper -LRB- I bought 2 to replace the 1 I dropped -RRB- and both just do n't seem strong enough . I 'm tossing these and purchasing another Charcoal Companion Amazing Bug Zapper .
 I definitely needed this product except I dropped it -LRB- not very hard either -RRB- on the laminate floor and now it wo n't work.Shame ...
 This piece of crap broke the moment I took it out of the package . However , I 'm sure it will live on for eternity in a landfill .
 I bought a Lentek Biteshield Electronic Racquet Zapper last year , and I was so pleased with it that I ordered four more this year . Unfortunately , I did not receive Lentek Biteshields ; instead , I was sent Garden Greation Electronic Bug Zappers . The Garden Creation zappers have big , bulky handles and battery compartments that wo n't stay closed unless you tape them shut . They also feel cheap compared to the real Lentek Biteshield that I received last year . Very disappointing .
 I was disappointed in the packaging of my purchase . The product works well but was slightly cracked from handling i guess . It does work on wasps and junebugs so it does get a couple of stars .
 I really expected this thing to be like the one I used in Brazil , but its really weak and it doesnt really always kills the mosquitoes ...
 This product does not do anything as advertised . It does n't zap bugs , does n't even alter their flight pattern . I guess the voltage generated by this product is too low . Unfortunately , I was a little late in returning this as I had a busy past few weeks , but the alternative is the trash bin . It just does n't do anything . If there was a way of giving it zero or negative reviews , I would .
 These rackets are so awesome that I bought my parents one for Christmas . Ours must be a different brand from this one though since ours has been used and abused for over 2 years and after only 4 months this one that we purchase no longer works .
 I like to leave the balcony door open on my upper floor flat . The occasional fly likes to come in and aimlessly buzz around my lounge room ; this gets a bit annoying when there are three or four circling above my chair.My idea was to avoid insecticide with one of these Racket Zapper thingies.It was seized by Australian Customs as a prohibited import . Among the many things not allowed are
 I do n't understand how this works ... but I think gnats are too small to make contact with the outside wires and the inside wires . However , smack your hand while holding the button and you learn very quickly -LRB- and painfully -RRB- it does have a charge . You will also get to see comic like sparks fly from you zapped hand . I guess its made for big bugs .
 I expected the grill area to be larger than it was . I bought another one like this a few years ago . It was much bigger and also ran off 2x AA batteries and cost the same amount , however I believe they went out of business . My last one was also much more powerful than this one . I 'm pretty disappointed .
 racket does not work as I was awaiting , is very soft I 've seen other that are very powerful . if I depress the power button the bugs fly .
 I brought this because in our offices they leave the windows open and the mosquitoes swarms right in . This electronic zapper has so far killed no mosquitoes , but it has zapped me once -LRB- so I know it works ! -RRB- I 've attempted to use it multiple times but because of its bulky nature it 's not effective to swing around unless you have open spaces all around you . Also I swear I see the flies go right through the three layered grid without it ever touching the metal .
 The flies are happy I bought this because it is so humane . Why , it does n't even hurt them . This thing stinks . Go with a better model .
 I had bought a similar product at a dollar store and was impressed with how many bugs it killed . When that one died , I ordered 2 of these . When it arrived , I put batteries in and tried it on a swarm of fruit flies . They went right through ! Not a sinle zap . I tried the other with the same result . It seems to be able to zap house flies but nothing smaller . A total waste of my money .
 does not work do n't waist your money because u ll end up returning with return at your cost . . i went out and bought band new battery
 I was not expecting too much , but even so , I was extremely disappointed with this product . It simply does NOT work . The electrical current is weak . I could n't kill one single fly . Once , one of the flies I was trying to kill became dizzy and started to walk on the floor , but a few seconds later it took off again . Buying this product is a waste of money and time !
 I 've owned a version of this product from another manufacturer and it worked very well . This one simply does n't kill mosquitoes or any small bug . I 've had it for 2 weeks and have one kill -LRB- a very slow fly . -RRB- Since most people would want to use it to kill mosquitoes as well , this version is no good . Also , the racket head is smaller than other versions , making it harder to use as well . Look for a Racket with larger head and better reviews .
 Much too fragile . Quit working after a slight bump on desk . Seems to me a device used to swat flying insects should be constructed well enough to withstand reasonable strike force .
 It is okay if you can swat the flies in mid air , but the plastic breaks very easily . Also , you have to squish the flies after they are stunned , because after a minute they fly again . Even if you smell them burning , they will get back up , yuck ! I now have it being held together with tape because of the cracks all over it . I 'll stick with the old fashioned swatters in the future .
 It kills me not the fly . Cover the racket on a fly and push the button , after one minute the fly is still alive . On the other hand , I got electric shock twice when I tried stocking the racket -LRB- without pushing the button -RRB- .
 This item 's overall size makes it a challenge swat flies . Unless you want to get some exercise or hone your ninja skills I suggest getting one that is bigger instead . Expect to be chasing them around the room and swatting repeatedly . Additionally , one zap is n't necessarily enough to kill them . I 've had many flies shake off the stun and start flying again , so to be sure I have to `` cook '' them till they 're smoking just to be sure.As expected , it is not intended to smash them while they are sitting still . Doing so will just crack the unit , although mine still works.I will not purchase this item again , but in the future will look for another that is bigger and has more `` juice '' .
 Did not work . Put fresh batteries in and racket would n't turn on/zap anything . Will probably try to purchase locally instead of rolling the dice with another order .
 This product does n't work . The fly spent 10 minutes crawling around on the inside of the netting -LRB- I caught it against a wall -RRB- . He did n't seem effected by the electricity -LRB- if any -RRB- at all . I did feel the batteries getting warm , so I knew it was `` working . '' In the end , I squished it with the plastic rim of the racket . Absolutely useless .
 My family anxiously awaited the arrival of this product since we live on an island where flies and mosquitos are the norm . However when we opened the package we were shocked by the cheap quality of the zapper but that 's not the worst of it . When the batteries were inserted the zapper never came on , my husband being an electrical technician opened the product and noticed a disconnected wire so he connected it . Nevertheless , the zapper still never came on basically this purchase was a complete waste of time and money . It never worked for us but looking at it 's poor manufactured quality I could tell it was n't durable enough to last through the summer . Would definitely not recommend the purchase of this product !
 Not sure if it was just because it was only two AA batteries but does n't work at all . Can not feel any zap even when wetting fingers and touching it . May have just been defective but light turns on but nothing happens .
 The raquet only works on extremely large bugs and even then you still have to trap the bug so that it hits the inner portion of the raquet .
 Dont waste your time with this product , it was dead on arrival . I went to walmart and picked up the ORIGINAL bug zapper for $ 5.00 , totally worth it .
 As soon as I got it , I put in fresh batteries and went after a very large fly in the house . It did n't kill it ; it did n't even stun it . So I stuck my finger into the mesh , and nothing . The red light was on , but there was no current to the mesh . This just goes to show that you get what you pay for . I tried to save a few bucks and now I have the hassle of returning it . Get the Charcoal Companion instead . It 's about twice as expensive , but my friend has one and I know it works well -LRB- which is why I wanted to get one of these in the first place -RRB- . Plus , the Charcoal Companion does n't have the outside mesh layers . Common sense says having multiple layers of mesh just reduces your chances of killing the insect . Wish I 'd used my common sense before wasting time & money on this cheap version .
 Do n't waste your money . This thing does n't work . I have to go back to traditional flyswatter .
 It does n't work , unless you do it on YOURSELF . That is a shocker ! The fly lived in the wires for a while and flew away . I smashed a few with it , literally , but that is it !
 I did n't have any success with this . I had to chase a fly around the house and knock it to the ground . Still the zapper did n't zap the fly . This was a complete waste of money .
 This product is terrible . The current is really weak , so there is a relatively long delay before the flies die . During this time , they can just fly away to safety.A regular fly swatter is much more effective .
 This was a total waste of money . I got it so that I could kill bugs in the house without using poison . I put two AA batteries in , as per the instructions , and pressed the button when I wanted to turn the thing on . Last night I tried to kill a couple of spiders , and I ended up just shaking them off the bug zapper and stomping on them . One spider got inside where the electric charge was supposed to be , crawled around for a while without any ill effects , then crawled out and jumped off onto the floor . This zapper is a piece of junk !
 this is a piece of junk . it worked for about 1 day then nothing . the red light is lit but it does nothing in the line of zapping bugs . what a waste of money . besides it is made in china . like so many other cheaply made product that is sold here in the states for 1000 % markup .
 I gave this a good try , it stunned a couple flies , did n't kill even one . Do n't even bother with this , I returned it .
 I guess I should have known by the price that I was getting low quality . I 've used similar devices in the past , so I 'm familiar with what they can do . This model is very ineffective . Sure , I 'm trying to zap fruit flies , and they 're a bit smaller than most other insects you zap , but this gadget still only zaps about 5 % of the flies I target .
 The electrical shock function of this product ... does not function . The red light on the handle glows when the button is pressed , but that 's all that happens . What 's more , the tennis racket-shape makes it useless even as a conventional flyswatter .
 I bought three of these . One worked for 1 week . The other two I left outside , and attempted to load batteries in one week later . Both warped so bad that most of the attachments for the handle screws broke , and in one of them the battery case warped so bad that the batteries would not make contact . The one in which the battery compartment was still OK did n't work anyways.You get what you pay for , and I got worse , one zapper that worked for a week and two that never worked .
 Piece of crap ! One rattled and the other one I purchased did n't work at all . Do n't bother buying this product !
 Arrived at my door in broken pieces . The handle , which holds the batteries , is made of very thin cheap plastic . Spend a few more dollars and get a zapper such as the Charcoal Companion Amazing Bug Zapper which is sturdier and works very well .
 Bought and very excited when it arrived . Put in new and fresh batteries but it ca n't even kill a fly . The current is too weak to kill them . Totally disappointed . We used to have a racket which was a plug-in type and it did it job very well . Moreover , the racket is way too small . You have to be super fast to catch a bug . Totally waste of money !!
 I purchased this because my father in law had one . I do n't know the brand of his , but it works really well . This one broke the day after I purchased it . Real piece of junk !
 I had to give it one star but its not worth any . This Zapper does not work . Is a total waste of money . I gave it a try after reading reviews on here about it . I do n't know if it has changed in the last three years but ... in this economy I need every dime I get . So disappointed with this junk . I shouldve just bought fly stick tape . I have not been bitten by a bug in two years . Until I moved to Texas . I have millions of bites , bought this item . Was pointless . Not one bug was killed . What a joke . I want a refund .
 Cheap crap not worth more than $ 1 . I get the version they sell at Walmart and they last a long time . I wo n't go outside after 5pm without one in summer , but not this version .
 Bought two different models at the same time.In essence , these two , look almost identical . Made in China probably by the same manufacturer.The batteries do n't sit properly in the chamber and ca n't close the battery door shut.Had to use a rubber band to keep the lid closed and every so often , the batteries move and the zapper stops working so I have to take the rubber band off , take the lit out and replace the batteries in the proper place.Too much of hassle to return it.I definitely advise AGAINST buying this item .
 If your local bugs fit through the 1/4 '' mesh , the thing works . Otherwise , you should stick with a manual fly swatter . My friend has a different brand that has no shield over the electric frying source . This one works better in our neighborhood.I should have read more of the submitted comments before I ordered . That is the value of studying history . You do n't repeat bad decisions .
 Just not a good product . The zap only stuns the flies and they never die . Got ta have some more shock to make it more effective . Boooo !
 I bought two of these and either has yet to kill a single mosquito , all while I continue to get bitten and confirming that it is charged by probing it with a piece of metal . My previous zapper , bought in Thailand for three dollars , worked much much better and had a larger zapping surface than this one .
 This is a good sounding ` gimick ' ! Unfortunately , it does n't work unless the bug stands still when you bring the charged wire mesh ` racket ' in contact with the bug ! Not so easy since flies tend to move rather quickly when something gets near them ... !
 This item does n't have enough power to kill a bug on contact . I bought one from walmart 2 yrs ago and it has way more power and runs on the same type batteries . I bought these for Christmas gifts and hope that I can return them . I 'm embarrassed to give them out as gifts .
 This is the worst bug zapper . I 've used many zappers before that had power but broke apart . This one , I dont ever see using it enough to break it.There is no power , cant even kill FRUIT FLY 's , the racquet is also smaller than normal making it harder to kill bugs with . Overall this was a piece of junk that will be passed on the next garage sale .
 This product did not work at all . When we first got it , it zapped ONE fly to the ground , not killing it but stunning it momentarily so you may then kill it with a tissue . After that it never zapped again , the flies just flew into it and kept going . I would not suggest this product to anyone . We bought one last year from the super market and it worked all year , we just could n't find them this year .
 This item does not work . I have not successfully killed any house flies , fruit flies or any other insect with this device . My co-worker has a different brand of zapper racket , and it works very well . I have replaced batteries more than once , but it still seems to be completely ineffective .
 Truly a horrible / fake product . I have trapped flies against a glass window while holding down the button and watched them bounced against the mesh for 10-20 seconds , then fly through and then dive bomb my head and mock me . This is a total gimmick and Amazon should take it off its site .
 The insects were passing through the racket without any one getting shock . I used this with the new batteries . Not useful at all
 I 've owned numerous these type of zappers before and this is the worst I 've ever had . The first I received was broken and they wanted me to pay for shipping it back to them . The second gave out after working for awhile . I found that when it did work , there was n't much zap to its zapper . I had to zap the flies for awhile before they died . The ones I had in the past were more powerful and hence killed them faster . They also used a 9 volt battery instead of two AA batteries . I 'm now going to order a different one and chalk this up to wasted money .
 I ca n't believe some people like this piece of junk ! I have to use a rubber band to keep the batteries in . Plus the on button gets stuck in the on position . I should have sent them back . I recomend you stay away from this brand . Yea they 're cheap -LRB- $ -RRB- , and yea they 're cheap made .
 This was a waste of money . Glad it was not real expensive or I would be really upset rather than just mildly irritated . I have not been able to kill a single fly with this thing , though I have been able to shock myself once . I did this during an attempt to see if something was wrong with the device and was not even pressing the ON button.Stay away and buy a flyswater .
 The red light is on . But the flies or masquitoes just fly through or crawl inside super freely ! V disappointed . The price is bad too . In Asian markets , it 's sold at $ 4.99 only !
 The thing works . However ... It 's not as spectacular as my last electric swatter . The old one used to fry bugs to a crisp with a loud pop . This one just electrocutes them without any noise . Ok , it will probably last longer this way . It 's just so badly designed ... the battery cover when closed will torque the battery contacts just enough to make something lose contact inside . The button is dead . When I leave the cover off , it works . : / It 's a good thing the batteries are in there tight ... I would not buy this again .
 Has center screen -LRB- 3 total -RRB- that needs contact to zap fly . Even when this does happen the zap is weak . Not impressive but does work once the fly gets to the center screen .
 I bought this hoping for a QUICK , PAINLESS -LRB- for the bug , not me -RRB- way to get rid of the yellowjackets that keep getting into our house -LRB- 2-3 a day -RRB- . It incapacitated MOST of the yellowjackets ONLY IF I HELD THEM DOWN WITH IT FOR SEVERAL SECONDS . If I merely swatted them , it did nothing but tick them off ! One actually fell to the floor after a good long zapping , bounced back up , and tried to STING ME ! -LRB- Thank goodness I was wearing a jacket at the time -RRB- ! Those that the racket DID kill took a long time to die , and it was a slow , writhing , agonizing death . I could smell roasted yellow jacket for hours afterwards . Ugh . If yellow jackets are your problem , save your money and buy a GOOD bug vacuum instead .
 Firstly one of the buttons sticks which seems to then make it ` live ' vs actually having to hold down the two safety buttons . Bat head is smaller than other models we 've had before . Was effective to kill bugs but a bit scary to use , again compared to other models have owned . Would n't buy this version again .
 I had used my sister 's zapper -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- and it was great so I went to buy one myself and only found this one . Thinking it was the same I bought it . It is horribly designed ! It has a protective screen on it so that you do n't zap yourself which is good , however it also protects the bug from getting zapped as well . Out of the ten times I hit the fly with this zapper , only once did it actually zap it and yes , I was holding the button down ...
 I have owned fly zapping rackets in the past and had great success with them , unfortunately this particular model seems to lack any type of electric current or quality whatsoever . It basically fell apart into pieces , did n't kill flys , and ended up in the trash . I would recommend finding a better quality bug zapper .
 1 . -RRB- Its not the product pictured2 . -RRB- The racket falls apart when swung in the air3 . -RRB- The soldering of the wire connecting the grille to the battery snaps when racket splits as # 2 above4 . -RRB- At a rate of less than a dozen flies killed before the piece of crap broke , after shipping , I paid nearly a dollar per fly . No friggin bueno.I bought the real thing at an actual store and its sturdier , has better wiring and has already killed more flies than nickels spent on it . -LRB- same price as this fraudulent product , fyi -LSB- and
 It 's much easier to kill the unwanted flies and mosquitoes ! All you have to do is pick up the racket , hold the `` on '' button , and SWING ! The bugs fall down for easy pick-up .
 This kit is total trash , if you really want a Stinger HP , save some bucks and buy one , because it 's the only way you 'll get one . This head not only adds bulk to your Stinger , but it also makes the light beam weak . The light gets dimmer , and there are a lot of dark rings in the beam of light . The light does not travel as far anymore as it used to before adding the upgrade head . It kinda reminds you of the old Maglites . DO N'T BUY IT !! You 'll be wasting $ 30 if you do . I do n't even know why Streamlight came up with this piece of trash .
 This kit is total trash , if you really want a Stinger HP , save some bucks and buy one , because it 's the only way you 'll get one . This head not only adds bulk to your Stinger , but it also makes the light beam weak . The light gets dimmer , and there are a lot of dark rings in the beam of light . The light does not travel as far anymore as it used to before adding the upgrade head . It kinda reminds you of the old Maglites . DO N'T BUY IT !! You 'll be wasting $ 30 if you do . I do n't even know why Streamlight came up with this piece of trash .
 I received these today , and while they are fine multiple outlets and do include a circuit breaker/on-off switch , they do not include any surge protection at all . A surge protector , as I have always understood the term , protects against irregular , sudden increases in line voltage caused by lightening strikes , etc. . The circuit breaker on these outlets protects only against a short circuit in the item you 've plugged in . Totally different purpose .
 ORDER ITEM DUE TO NAME IRWIN TOOLS , ONLY THING IRWIN ABOUT THE TOOLS IS A PIECE OF PAPER IN THE BOTTOM OF THE CASE . HANSON BRAND STAMPED ALL OVER TOOLS NOT IRWIN . THEFT BY DECEPTION !
 The left-handed cobalt drill bits are handy , but they dull fairly quickly in hard metals . The extractors are not high quality and will make you very frustrated . Be sure to use a tap handle with these , but the Irwin one is about as low quality as these extractors . I would not recommend this product to a friend .
 &#34; Made in the USA of foriegn components &#34; - Big red flag there . Tried to use on a broken thermostat housing bolt . Drill bits did n't bite unless predrilled with a good set . Flutes stripped out immediately . I ended up drilling and retapping so big waste of money on this product .
 I purchased this pump with the intention of using it on my solid pool cover to replace a Little Giant automatic pump that lasted about 3 years . After plugging in this refurbished pump , I was pleased to see it turn on and off as expected , cycling through its routine every couple of minutes to detect water . The following morning , when I found it constantly running dry , I was not so pleased . The output as rated is good , but the automatic feature is not worth a darn . I contacted Wayne to see if I might be doing something wrong , and received an email reply stating that the pump is `` not intended to be left unsupervised for long periods of time . '' Needless to say , this was not the answer I was expecting . I 'm not sure of the usefulness of an automatic pump that is quite clearly NOT AUTOMATIC.I noticed water leaking from the top of the pump around the gasket after watching it run for a while . I 'd say that all of these refurb pumps are going to behave similarly due to a poor design . I opened it up , and found that the circuit board could not be properly sealed from moisture with the current design.I ended up keeping the pump , and have attached a Little Giant automatic pump switch with 10 ' cord . I attached the switch to the side of the pump using large nylon cable ties and silicone caulk . I knew this switch was good quality after using one with my little giant pump for a few years without problem . The switch now senses the water , and turns the pump on/off automatically.The bottom line is I have a working automatic pump for @ $ 100 . Will it keep runing ?? If I had the choice of doing it over again , I 'd probably just buy the little giant automatic pool cover pump and save myself the headache . By the way , and for what its worth , the reviews of the little giant automatic pool cover pump were overall very poor . My experience was a very good one , and I 'd purchase this pump again -LRB- I will when this setup fails -RRB- . I was just too cheap to pay the $ 150 . In this case , you get what you pay for . STAY AWAY !
 I bought the Wayne automatic pump as I have a corner in my basement which gets a few inches of water once or twice a year . I had a nonautomatic pump , but found that it pumped out the water fast enough so that it only had to run a minute or two . Then I 'd have to check the new water level every five minutes . Overnight , it would flood again as I just could n't justify staying up all night with it . So I found these automatic pumps which test for water every few minutes and are supposed to activate when the water is at a certain level.Having already tried a Simer automatic pump and being disappointed , I figured I 'd try Wayne . But come across the same problems.The good - once it actually starts pumping , it does a great job.The bad - I ca n't figure out how to get it to start on a consistent basis . Even having this pump in a bucket of water only prompts a buzz from the automatic starter . I 've even sucked the water through the pump as its trying to start and it wo n't recognize that there is water.For my purposes , this pump was a complete waste of money .
 The unit was broken when it arrived . I think it works but I 'm not sure . Two of the plastic feet at the bottom of the unit were pushed into the lower part of the unit ... Bummer ...
 This lock does not even deserve one star . First , I could not get the cable into the lock . I had to stick a screw driver into the hole to get it the right size . Then once I got this fixed , it stopped retracting . I have not used this lock one time and as far as I 'm concerned it is junkck .
 I will keep this short and to the point , because I am RAGING over this junky lock and I might type something unseemly . OK . So it arrives on time by mail . I open it . I begin to reset the factory-set combo . As I 'm doing this very simple procedure , the tiny plastic nob on the back slips back into set mode . So now it has set , ON ITS OWN , a combo I do not know , because I 'm still creating mine as this happens . Guess what ? I am now screwed . It has set a combo I do n't know , so now I can NEVER open it or reset the combo unless I spend hours guessing what it set itself . I call Zelco . He says send it back . In less than 5 minutes , the lock is USELESS and I have to return it . When I ask how often this happens to customers , because it is INCREDIBLY EASY for it to happen , he hedges , and says `` Not that much . '' Well that 's too much . Zelco gets its lock back and I get a refund minus shipping . Thanks , Zelco !! Believe me
 Although these lights are made of metal they do not have the battery power to keep them on all night long . I have them placed in sufficient sunlight in Arizona and you all know that we have sun here . Their capacity is about 4-6hrs to stay lit . If you are looking for a light that looks good in the daytime this is a fine product but if you are looking for lights to shine on a walkway do n't expect light after 10pm .
 I own a similar set of Malibu Solar lights -LRB- Model LZ407S , also metal -RRB- . These are the new brighter bulbs that are supposed to remain lit for `` up to 14 hours '' . I also live in Arizona , where there is plenty of sunshine . On most days my lights have dimmed out by 10pm as well . Nice try , Malibu . I do n't believe your hype anymore . I should add here that when I bought the set at Wal-Mart , they did stay lit the first nite only , until morning . That 's because they were shipped with batteries fully charged by Malibu . However , even receiving full sun all day long here in Arizona , they never stay lit more than a few hours . Their solar cells just can not charge the battery with the same full charge that the factory did ... UPDATE
 Bahco Snap On 804921 21 Piece 3/8-Inch Drive 3/8-Inch to 7/8-Inch 6 Point Standard and Deep Socket SetI wish I could give an accurate review , but Chumbadeals sent me a nine piece set of sockets with no ratchet , no extensions , no deep sockets , just eight standard sockets and a socket holder . Neither Chumadeals , nor Amazon.com were willing to make this shipping error right . So now I own this $ 7.99 set of sockets -LRB- I found them at a local store for that much -RRB- for $ 65.00 . Please be careful dealing with either company .
 I have been using Hakko for 17 years and have been overall impressed with everything except the price ... I thought I could get somthing for less money.The Aoyue is at best average for hobby soldering , , , it is NOT hot enough for miltilayered or double sided PC boards.The Hakko 808 portable desolder performs better for desolder.I will be looking elseware .
 Ca n't get the desolder tips to tin -LRB- solder should melt onto tip , not bead and fall off -RRB- so it does not have a good thermal connection to the joint being desoldered . Not good ...
 Be aware that , although the picture of the item shows a box of guards , you are paying for only ONE tree guard . Consequently the price seems excessive . I returned the item without using it , but the design seems appropriate and sturdy for its purpose .
 Do not buy this . It is extremely over priced . A tin can cut lengthwise will work as well . I assumed there would be several in the box for the price . There is only one . The price would be fair if there were 10 in the box but to pay this much for only one is far too much .
 Just horrible . Leaks like the end of an open hose . The various spray selections are identical except for the mist setting . The little deflection fingers do n't even reach the stream on most of the selections . It will operate at very low pressure , which is good . The only thing I 've found this useful for is as a mister for small , freshly seeded areas . I would not recommend this unit .
 The concept of this sprinkler head is excellent , however after buying 5 in the span of two years ... only 1 of them works correctly . I have a strange feeling that one will break before I know it . I would HIGHLY advise you to save your money and look elsewhere .
 I bought this at home depot last summer and after about 20 uses , it stopped oscillating . I went back to the store to look for an upgrade but apparently no one makes a better designed oscillating lawn sprinkler . I would be happy to pay double the amount for a solid metal unit that lasts more than a summer . Does anyone manufacturing anything of quality anymore ? Disappointed .
 i foolishly have bought more than 1 , eventually the plastic gears wear out , the head unscrews and you can not fix it yourself . It goes in the trash . Piece of junk
 The sprinkler is so great the first few days . Then the inner gears break . If it just had metal gears , this would be great . I posted some pictures of the problem weak area . Keep looking for a better idea ...
 Well I can tell you this is a waste of money . Wish I had read the reviews before buying this great idem . Well it lasted a week before it stopped turning . I guess I could not ask for better I mean It is just a plastic POS But I , m going to make it my business to inform the world every time a company manufactures and sell a worthless piece of junk . So hopefully you do n't make the same mistake as myself .
 I bought 4 of these 3 weeks ago . Now , all but one has died , and the remaining one is leaking . They look cool , but they are absolute pieces of crap . I should have read the other reviews and ratings . I was replacing my old Rainbirds ... . but they are all now back in service . If you want something that lasts for several seasons , buy a sprinkler with a brass rainbird head . If you buy these Orbit things , buy several , and you might make it thru one season .
 I have two of these and they lasted one season . Started to use them for the second season and BOTH of them had their tops pop off when watering . I had them hooked to a water timer so I did not notice it until the next day . Total waste of your money !!
 I bought one at the beginning of summer , the head popped off , so I exchanged it for another . I was away a week and came back to the head popping off of a second one . The garden was almost shot . I would stir clear of these if you can not baby sit your yard . Any recommendations on ones that you can feel more secure with ?
 I bought the Orbit H2O-6 Gear Drive sprinkler . I liked the patterns and the distance it would spray , however , it stopped turning in less than 6 months of use . I 'm looking now to replace it , with another product , given the other poor reviews here .
 Like so many other have reported I bought 7 and only 3 of them work 1 year leater . The other 4 spray but do not rotate . I have contacted Orbit via email but recived no responce from them yet . Do not buy these , if your thinking about it just thow your money out the window of your car and save your self the time and issues .
 The tops of these eventually unscrew causing them to spin around 360 degrees . After another few days of running the tops will pop off and hopefully you will be standing by when the stream of water starts spraying in all directions . Save your money and do n't buy this garbage .
 Just read previous reviews after purchasing 12 of these . I purchased mine at Home Depot under the Vigoro product name . Seems like the same problem they had with these sprinklers 2 + years ago is the same problem I am having . Used the sprinklers about 5 times and 3 of them have stopped oscillating . It 's a shame , because they work great with my well water system . Tried a few other types of sprinklers and this one was by far the best . My suggestion is keep your receipt . It seems like only a matter of time before they are gon na quit on you .
 I 'm on my third one in less than 2 months . I bought the first one at WalMart and within 2 weeks the top of the unit had come off and it was shooting water straight in the air . Who keeps their receipts ? So , they exchanged it for me and the new one worked for about a month and a half . Then the same thing . So , I 'm on the third one and it 's just a matter of time . There is no conceivable way to fix it either .
 I really liked the idea of this sprinkler and I really liked it for the short time it worked . Unfortunately , the first one I bought worked well for about a month and then quit oscillating and the spray pattern could not be adjusted . I returned it to Home Depot and replaced with another of the same . It worked about 6 weeks and then had the same problem . I returned it for another type and noticed that the bin where there had been 10-20 of these was entirely empty so apparently they had had lots of returns and discontinued the line .
 This is an excellent concept and when they work they are easy to use and have a very flexible spray pattern and easy sweep adjustment . BUT , I have bought five over the last two years or so , and only 2 are still oscillating . The others just sit there and spray the same spot . No movement . Judging from the other reviewers who state the same problem , there is a manufacturing problem with these things . You can occasionally get them for under $ 10 with a coupon at ACE or Sears - if you can get that kind of price they are worth taking a chance . Otherwise , do n't bother . It is a real shame because they seem well designed - apart from a bad motor mechanism apparently !
 Bought 5 of these , daisy chained them together , and ran them in my front yard . After an hour of use , shutting off the water , and starting it up again , it no longer respects the set limits for oscillation . It will spin 360 degrees now , reversing direction at only one of the two tabs . This happens on 3/5 of the sprinklers.Last night I forgot to turn them off . Left them on all night , and when my wife came out , she said the tops were off of 2 of them , and they were just flooding the yard with water . Pieces of junk , avoid them at all costs .
 I bought this from Home Depot . It took a little while to figure out the best setting as there was no manual included . It worked okay for about two or three weeks and then it stopped oscillating . No matter what I did I could not get it to work properly . I figured out how to take it apart thinking there was something stuck inside and I could clean it out . Everything looked okay but it would still not oscillate . I would pass this off as a lemon but after reading that many others have had the same problem , I suspect it is a design flaw . I will not bother returning it for another as I do not have any faith that a new one will work any better and do not wish to waste any more of my time on this flawed product .
 If I had written a review right away after buying this I would have given it 5 stars . Worked great - at first . But , after less than two months only 1 out of the 6 I bought continued to work correctly . The others simply stopped rotating.I took one apart , thinking that maybe earwigs or slugs or something had gotten inside the mechanism , but no luck . Now , I 'm a pretty handy guy , but there was nothing inside that I could fix to get the thing working again.I will not buy this product again . I have also lost faith in this manufacturer , who continues to market an obviously defective product at consumer expense .
 I bought one thinking what a terrific bargain ... . only worked for about two weeks before the head unscrewed itself from doing what it was supposed to do -LRB- rotating back and forth -RRB- and I found a flooded fountain in the yard . Put it all back together , and now it just sits there and wont turn .
 I bought 4 of these sprinklers one month ago . As of today 1 works and the other 3 just spray in one direction and wo n't turn . I have called Orbit and they are sending me new heads , so we will see if they work after that .
 I bought the tripod version but it has the same head , mine self-destructed after 3 uses , splitting in half and shooting straight up in the air . Could n't get it back together . No manual either , might have helped considerably but then again maybe not .
 Bought one last year . Mounted on tripod . Love the flexibility of choosing spray patterns . This year , it suddenly stopped oscillating . Disappointed that it broke so soon , but searched for another . Second head worked about 2 weeks . Again , it suddenly stopped oscillating . Stupid me did not keep receipt . I would be willing to pay twice the money for this sprinkler if it would work more than 12 months . Now I have two expensive tripods and I am searching for replacement heads with `` mist '' option . I have low water pressure , therefore impact sprinklers not a good option .
 I needed a swinger wall lamp that is white & although the description & photo indicate the item is white , I called 1 Stop Lighting on 10/27/07 and spoke with Jeff Dawe . I asked if the shade & fixture were white or off-white or cream . He checked for me & said it was definitely white . I received the lamp today & the only thing about the lamp that is white is the cord . Now they are making me pay the return shipping . If the company had given me correct info about the product , I never would have bought it & would n't have go through the trouble & expense of returning it . I will NEVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN & NO ONE ELSE SHOULD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I love these gloves , but I tried ordering this MEDIUM size twice , and got sent Large instead . The MEDIUM gloves ship from Target - but Amazon has the wrong item number listed for this size , it corresonds to the large size . So bottom line - if you order these , you will get large . I tried to advise Amazon twice , but never got a response . I ended up returning for a refund and ordered direct from Target instead .
 When I received these screwdrivers I put the size A tip in a watch bracelet screw to remove a link and as soon as I put pressure on the screwdriver , the corner of the tip broke off . Not very happy at all . Not worth my time to replace .
 I installed a Bosch 1600H-NG in a small -LRB- 900 SF -RRB- home a little over a year ago . Installation was n't tough , and hot water flow was adequate for a small home in our warm climate.I bought this unit because its piezo ignition feature would guarantee us hot water even if power to the home went out . There were battery-driven units , but I figured if you had a choice between having to change batteries regularly or not , why sign up ? Trouble is , the turbine in the ignitor is insanely sensitive to small particles of grit and rust , which jam it and shut down the heater . I have had to disassemble and clean this turbine three times in the past year -LRB- twice in the past three weeks -RRB- which is a messy job -LRB- the plumbing attachments on the bottom of the unit ensure that all spilled water is generously dispersed over the floor -RRB- . This is despite my having put a whole-house grit filter on the water feed after the first instance . Right now , changing batteries looks a lot more attractive . I would n't buy this unit again.Update , 9/09
 EDIT -- 4/23/2012I am leaving my entire original review in tact , and am just adding this part to give an update on my experience with the Bosch AquaStar 1600H NG.After almost 3 years to the day of installing this unit , it died on us . This was the second service call in 3 years . The first was last October when it stopped lighting . The ignitor was able to start the pilot flame , but the pilot flame would not ignite the burners . Turns out this was due to a dirty flame sensor , which merely needed cleaning with emery cloth . I had to pay a $ 75 service call to find this out , but I figured no big deal . It wasnt hard to clean , so now I 'll know for next time.Last week , the unit stopped lighting again . However , this time , no amount of cleaning of the flame sensor would get it started . This time , even the pilot flame would not ignite . I could see the spark from the ignitor , but no flame.Bosch 's website had a list of service people that could repair Bosch tankless water heaters . Unfortunately , the first two places I called in my area , both told me they wouldnt work on Bosch units anymore . They said that parts are hard to come by and they had too many complaints . It took three places before I found someone willing to come out and look at it . The service technician said theyve had a lot of problems with these units and said most likely it was a pressure sensor that detects water flow which was bad . He said that the design of the unit requires the water to go through a device which detects water flow , and only when it detects water flow will it allow the gas to flow to the burners . He said that even with good clean water , these sensors can still become clogged and need to be replaced . After 45 minutes on the phone with Bosch Technical Support , the technician came to the conclusion that with parts and labor , it was going to run around $ 400 to repair this unit.I paid the guy $ 50 for his house call -LRB- which was fair considering he spent almost an hour at my house -RRB- , and I mulled it over with my girlfriend . We could have gone with another tankless system , but now that the government tax credits are no longer in effect , and other brands of tankless systems were going to run around $ 800 - $ 1000 plus the time and parts to install it , we decided to go back to a regular tank heater.The tank heater required me to retrofit gas , water , and exhaust lines , but even with all of that , parts to install , plus the new tank , we spent around $ 600 in total . Thats a far cry from the over $ 1000 it would have cost to install a new -LRB- better -RRB- tankless system , and even with that , you still need to clean it once a year with vinegar , plus theres no telling whether or not another brand of tankless heater might still have the same problems as the Bosch.It was a fun experiment , but in the end , going back to a tank heater was the right decision . Buyer beware , read all of the negative reviews out here . If you are still considering a tankless system , it still might be a good decision , but stay away from the Bosch AquaStar 1600 ! END EDIT -- 4/23/2012Let me start off by saying that I did a ton of research on this unit before I decided to buy it . Buying this unit -LRB- or any tankless system -RRB- requires a lot more research than a typical hot water tank . You need to learn about things like temperature rise , the flow requirements of your house , and make a venting strategy since you will most likely not be able to retrofit any type of vent system you may currently have from a tank water heater.My house is 865 square feet and I have one bathroom , kitchen sink -LRB- no dishwasher -RRB- and a standard size washer and dryer . All of my appliances are natural gas . I previously had a 40 gallon traditional hot water tank that began leaking which prompted me to install a new heater . I am also in the south suburbs of Chicago , IL , so my winter temps can dip into subzero range , and my summer temps typically are in the 80s-90s . Pros : * Unlimited hot water supply - Since I hand wash all my dishes , I preferred to let the water run on the other side of the sink so I could rinse things after taking them out of the soapy side . Previously , I could only do this for about 15-20 minutes before I would run out of hot water . Now I can go as long as I want . * Takes up less space in my utility room - This is nice because of my small house , getting rid of my old 40 gallon tank freed up a corner of my utility room for a new shelf I plan on installing . * More eco-friendly - This was n't a huge buying factor , but I acknowledge the need for us to depend less on natural resources and since I am away from my house a lot , its nice to know my hot water heater is n't cycling on and off using gas while I am not at home . * Wow factor - Yeah , this is a pretty weak one , but I got ta tell ya , many people in my area have never even heard of a tankless system , so it usually gets some attention when people walk through my utility room and wonder what that box is on my wall!Cons : * Build Quality - Sadly , this is a major concern and it possibly could be unique to me since I got a refurbished one , but mine had very thin gauge wires haphazardly running to connectors inside of my unit . Several of the plastic hose clamps seemed to be very cheap . The white metal cover was warped right out of the box . So bad , that I still can not install the two knobs for the gas and water pressure without having to rebend the metal to make them fit . Overall , none of these things have caused a failure in the unit yet , but after reading some of the reviews on amazon , I am worried that this thing may not have the lifespan of a tank water supply . We 'll just have to see . * Cleaning - The manual says the unit must be cleaned at least once a year to remove `` scaling '' inside of the copper heat exchanger . Failure to do so can cause premature failure of the unit , along with voiding your warranty . Cleaning the unit requires a portable water pump , two hoses , and a whole lot of vinegar . Its not the hardest thing in the world to do , but its messy and a pain . Something I didnt know about before buying this unit -LRB- shame on me -RRB- . * Hot Water Pressure - This has been addressed in several of the reviews here , and I attribute this to being `` just how it is '' , rather than a fault of the unit . I know the 1600H is a small unit , but I bought it because of my house and thats fine with me . Please do your research before buying this unit . I feel confident recommending it to someone with a setup similar to mine , but if you have more than one bathroom , or plan on running two hot water faucets at once , you really should step up to the next larger unit . * Speed of hot water to get to my faucets - This is also another one of those `` just how it is '' things , but its something to understand you will have to settle for if you are converting from a tank hot water heater . * Installation -LRB- Vent Tubes -RRB- - Luckily , I had a friend who is very handy help me install this . You will probably not be able to retrofit any part of an existing vent tube as most houses do not already have 5 '' double walled vent . Several people on here mentioned having a hard time finding all the pieces , so maybe I was just lucky , but I was able to find everything I needed at Home Depot . I was able to find all the straight tubes , elbows , and rain cap for about $ 70 . It was not difficult to install , but I did have to cut a new hole in my roof , and now I have to figure out how to plug the old 3 '' hole my old unit used . * Installation -LRB- gas line -RRB- - I have an old house that had an existing 1/2 '' black pipe gas line . The instructions clearly state you need 3/4 '' . Being the stubborn person I am , I reused the 1/2 '' pipe and thats simply not enough gas flow . If you are reading this , YOU NEED 3/4 '' GAS LINES!Overall : I am happy I installed this . So far , the cons do not outweigh the pros . That could all change if the unit starts failing or has other build quality issues . For my particular application , this was a good fit for me . I like the unlimited hot water supply , the temperature is hot enough , it frees up a lot of space in my utility room , its good for the environment , and it looks cool!Even if this is n't the right model for your application , I do recommend a tankless hot water system . Just make sure you do your research and get the right model , install it properly , and understand the potential caveats of a tankless system!P.S . I forgot one other bit of troubleshooting that may help . The first time I tried turning the unit on , when I would turn on the hot water at a sink , I could hear the ignitor clicking in the water heater , but it would not light the gas . One of the troubleshooting steps had you hold a match to the ignitor to manually light it . Apparently the ignitors can be dirty and have a layer of film on them which prevents them from lighting the first time . After manually lighting the gas and letting it run for a minute , it burned the gunk off the ignitor and I have not had a problem with it lighting since . If someone else has this problem , try manually lighting it once .
 We have not been very happy with this hot water heater . Although it was installed by a plumber - it does not operate well at all . Showers are awful . We often get just cold water for a really extended period of time or have to turn the water off & on several times for it to kick in . We have had to turn the thermostat up really high to get any heat at all . These problems have existed from day one and there are only 2 of us in the house . No help from the manufacturer either . We have troubleshot everything that is supposed to fix this known problem , but nothing has worked . I wish we would have gone w / a bigger unit or a different manufacturer . We will never buy another tankless from Bosch - we are out over $ 1,000.00 between cost and installation and really need to replace it as it is never going to work right . A huge disappointment .
 Got the 1600H to replace a 17 year old aquastar 125VP -LRB- excellent unit -RRB- . Hoped it would connect to the 125s ' plumbing , it did not . Our incoming water supply is 35 degrees . The 1600H would not heat water to over 95 degrees , even at the lowest flow rate . The hydro generator takes a long time to ignite so the hot water line fills with cold water . Sometimes -LRB- 10 to 20 % of the time -RRB- it would n't light at all . We live at 9000 ' elevation . I called tech support several times and never got through , waiting 30-40 minutes per attempt . Finaly got an email response that was not helpful . Of course I went through all trouble shooting items in the manual , really did n't need to repeat that via email . Have rebuilt the 125 VP and reinstalled it , ah , after changing the plumbing back . I can fix cars , houses , ski lifts , snowmaking systems but I could n't get this thing to work . Folks in this area like the Rinnai . Wish I had known .
 Just tried to buy this unit on 11/28/11 at Lowes in IL for a drastically reduced price and when I told them I wanted to purchase one they said they could not sell it to me . May be a recall in the works ?
 I had the old model Bosch tankless water heater with a pilot light , very good unit . The new one with the automatic pilot is nothing but a problem.Home Depot and Lowes both stoped carrying the unit because there were SOOO many returns . Do not purchase this unit . There is no Bosch support .
 I 'm in the situation where I had to replace my Bosch unit with another Bosch unit because other manufacturers do n't use the minimal standards like they do . To get another tank , the plumber would have had to increase the size of the gas outlet , or increase the size of the gas inlet . Bosch recommended I upgrade to the 520 HN NG which I did . They did not tell me that the gas inlets are now 3/4 inch , therefore I also had to run an additional gas line at my cost . When asked about them not supporting their previous tank designs and leaving the customer holding the bag , their response was it 's not their responsibility . They offered the option to the plumber to use bushings , which was against their code , and it would void my warranty . After exhausting all options , replacing the unit and running the additional gas line was the best option , but for anyone who 's thinking about getting a Bosch unit , get any other tankless unit . The customer support was also bad . They offer suggestions like they 're spinning a wheel at your cost .
 This worked for over a year before dying , but it did n't work at times during the -LRB- central Indiana -RRB- winter . I 'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 because at least I gained the plumbing for a tankless when installing this unit . Also , I wanted to use my existing Class B venting and this was about the only tankless option for that , so I knew it was underpowered for whole-house use . My advice would be to pony up the money up front and get a better unit .
 I would only recommend this unit if you like cold showers and terrible customer service . If I had the CEO of Bosch 's home address I would drop ship him this worthless piece of crap . First and last time buying a Bosch appliance .
 The unit was properly installed and worked the first time I turned it on . After limited use -LRB- a few hours , it 's in a cabin -RRB- over several months , it failed . Our gas man was able to bet it started by cleaning the sparking unit . It worked alright -LRB- at best -RRB- for another several hours over a few months , and now will not light.The sparking unit is cleaned , the filter has been cleaned , and the hydroelectric unit has been taken apart and cleaned , and checked for output -- it 's fine . I 'm faced now with taking potluck on getting another control unit -LRB- $ 150 plus ship , plus installation -RRB- or just getting rid of this Bosch lemon . -LRB- We love our Bosch dishwasher . -RRB- Maybe these units do n't work well after they sit for awhile . Then again , they do n't appear to work well in any case . I definitely advise against buying.I
 Going one 3 years now and yet again another part has broken!I have had to replace the hydro generator the pilot gas limiter and the main limiter . This has been a waste of money . I have now spent more on this water heater than a more expensive reliable unit.I am going to get rid of this pos POS and get a better one.Do not but this water heater unless you got losts of money and do n't mind cold showers .
 Wow ... am I ever sorry I purchased this `` pilot-less '' Bosch unit ! How about getting hot water 50 % of the time ! What I would have saved in gas I spent in wasted water.Bosch support - sucks , they say you need to acquire equipment in order to do some testing before they will do anything about it -LRB- Voltmeter and a Manometer -RRB- . Oh , the other option is to hire a plumber to trouble shoot with them.I could see this may be necessary for most customers but I have had a the Bosch AQ125B running for 5 years ... flawlessly ! -LRB- in another part of the house -RRB- . Common sense dictates the GWH1600H is defective . . so replace it !
 I replaced my tank water heater with 1600H two years ago . Did the installation by myself and according to the installation instruction . Had problems frequently with the main burners not coming on even with adequate flow through the heater . The construction is flimsy to say the least . The knobs in the front on the heater for controling flow and temperature keep popping off . You lose quite a bit of control over your water temperature in the shower , if you turn it down too much the burners cut off and your hot shower converts into cold shower instantly . Recently it quit working all together . I serviced the water valve , gas valve , turbine , cleaned filters , everything that their servic bulletins say , still no hot water . Bosch has the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE . Each phone call will last over an hour with 55 minutes of you being put on hold . Service reps are from -LSB- ... -RSB- . When I talked to the service rep he had me do some tests . If you are not a handyman and mechanically inclined you will not be able to follow the instructions . He narrowed down the problem to the `` Pilot Electro Valve '' and `` Microswitch '' . After ordering the parts at ridiculously high price they sent me the wrong parts . Incidentally my microswitch was just fine and it did not need replacement at all . Replaced the electro valve and it still dose n't work . If you want to be green and save energy just take cold showers and bypass this piece of scrape metal altogether . I thought Bosch made quality products , I am extremely disappointed .
 I purchased this item from Lowes , just like many others . I experienced many of the same problems as described in the other review . Had to go back and forth between four stores , Lowes , Home Depot , and two local hardware stores to get all of the necessary parts to change out venting and move the gas and water lines . In parts alone , not counting AquaStar , it cost me around $ 500 to install.The pilot light has notoriously not lit reliably . I had to cycle water on probably 100 times to finally get it to light the first time . Now almost two weeks later , I can get the pilot to light maybe half of the time - even with lots of cycling . I really hate cold showers !! I called customer service -LRB- only open M-F 8-5 eastern - screws all of us on west coast or who have problems on the weekend , especially since they will not help anyone who actually gets through after 4:30 - and yes , their clocks are at least 10 minutes fast according to my computer and cell phone -RRB- . They would not help me because I got through at 1:40 pacific time . Yes , they answered and told me they would not patch me through because they were only going to help people who got through before 4:30 their time , according to their clocks , regardless of how long they had you on hold . If they do n't answer by my guess 4:00 eastern , just hang up . They will refuse help you even if they do answer.What a disappointment !!! Terrible design/manufacturing . Terrible customer support . Run from this product .
 I researched the Bosch tankless hot water heaters before buying it ; at the time there were only a few negative reviews -LRB- unlike now ! -RRB- . It has been a `` worst buy '' for me -- expensive install , erratic performance , sometimes too hot , sometime a shower turns cold , sometimes it wo n't ignite at all . At the moment , it is less than 2 years old and completely non functional.Call a repair tech and have it repaired ? Replace it with a HOT WATER TANK and call this experiment a failure?Weighing all the issues with it and after reading that many others have the very same issues , I guess I 'll go back to a plain low-tech hot water TANK and throw this expensive piece of junk in the trash.If you are thinking of buying one , my suggestion
 The power vent needed for this model is $ 350 , its less expensive and easier to purchase a unit with the power vent in the unit vs buying this unit and buying the power vent on the side .
 Have had it over a year . Had to take too many baths in the hot tub due to issues with the unit . Have worked with Bosch 's worthless support group regarding the issues . Purchased this new at Lowes of course had to shop for 5 '' pipe to find it . Finally found it at Southlands . We even moved the unit to make the support group happy . Still problems . During the a humid summer it would not light - sometimes it would lite if you turned it on and off 5 times . Today the unit is completely busted . Can not keep the unit from freezing ! The vent was installed higher than required to prevent this . It went down past zero last night and cold air comes down the vent pipe and freezes the unit . Bosch does not warrent product if it freezes . Last winter we taped the vent on top to help keep the draft out and put a small heater right next to it . It frooze in several places leaks everywhere proir to doing that . Now this winter it dropped to zero last night and really frooze the unit and broke a part on it . It is complete junk . We are buying a real water heater today ! Do agree with others that it takes too long to get hot water to the sink and it is low water pressure .
 had a problem with the gas valve on new heater , when Bosch found out i bought it from Amazon.com they said they would not honor warranty . I needed hot water so i had them send a new gas valve which i paid for -LRB- $ 260.00 -RRB- they sent wrong part . As of a week and a half latter i still do not have hot water . Would never buy a Bosch appliance or tool again . This company has been inpossible to deal with . 19 phone calls and no hot water and they could care less .
 With the first Bosch AquaStar tankless heater my plumber installed , the pilot came on easily enough when the hot water flowed , but the burners failed to ignite . After 90 minutes of following the trouble-shooting points in the owner 's manual , the plumber suggested I get a new Bosch from Lowe 's or go without hot water.Two hours later , the exact same malfunction occurred with the second Bosch . After one hour on the phone with the Bosch techs -LRB- who merely had the plumber go over all the same trouble-shooting points again -RRB- , the technical people suggested replacement , not knowing of course , that this had already been done.I then ordered a Rheem tankless heater and went without hot water for two days . The Rheem arrived , was installed , worked from the very first try , and there has not been one problem with it . My plumber has declared that he will NEVER install another Bosch tankless water heater for any of his customers.Bosch obviously has some serious design and quality flaws .
 I would rate the unit at a negative 100 . One of the worst items I purchased . Water would fluctuate , be too hot to stand on the lowest settings . This was installed by professionals in a new house . I got several error codes . Finally had enough and called tech support . I was on the phone 2 hours the first time I called and that was on hold . Then I spent another hour playing games with the unit.We spent over 10 hours talking to tech support over a month 's period . I had to switch the unit on and off to get a bath . Tech support said the supplier told me the wrong unit to buy . Another tech support told me that that was wrong . I had to take off a lot of time to get the gas and plumbing installers to come back and check their work which was correct.Finally I had enough and called the supplier . They worked with me to get me a credit . By the way that supplier no longer sells Bosch . Just give me your money instead of buy the Bosch unit . I can hand deliver consistent and dependable hot water better than Bosch . Oh yeah and you can get a straight answer from me without the long wait . Maybe the long wait shows that there are a lot of consumers that are having the same problems .
 I have experienced problems with Rayovac Ultra Pro batteries leaking . When I first experienced the problem a couple of years ago , I assumed that it was just a bad battery or a bad batch . I understand that no product or manufacturing process is going to be perfect every time . So , I decided to give Rayovac the benefit of the doubt and I continued to purchase their Ultra Pro batteries for my electronics . Since then , I have continued to see the problem happen . It has now happened more than once with AA , AAA , and D cell batteries . I have never had the problem with their 9V cells or C cells , but I do n't use as many either . All of the batteries that failed were well within their expiration period , stored and used properly , and most were purchased at different times . Tonight it was my 3-Cell MagLite - and this is the last straw for me.Rayovac does provide a warranty/guarantee against battery leaks and product damage , but they require the customer to mail the damaged product and the leaking batteries to them . I think it is unreasonable and potentially hazardous to mess around with the corrosive batteries that are leaking in order to package them up for shipping . Warranty or not , with the frequency of failures that I have experienced , I will not be putting Rayovac batteries in any product that I own again .
 Why is every other battery unit priced per battery and these are priced per oz ? FYI , it appears these cost out to about 39 cents per battery . I have not used the batteries .
 This is for a full size -LRB- house -RRB- water heater . It WILL NOT work on a RV . It is NOT what they advertise . Go ahead and get the socket . It is the only thing that will fit in the tight enclosure area . This item seems to be well made and would work great ... . only if you could get it into the confined work area .
 I ordered this thinking that I was getting a wrench to remove the water plug on my RV water heater . However , this wrench does not fit an RV and is really a residential hot water heating element wrench . I believe that this product is mislabelled by the Amazon search engine . Additionally , the supplier requires that you call for an RMA before returning the product and charges a restocking fee . I will look elsewhere for future purchases .
 Did not purchase through Amazon . My experience
 Recieved hose reels very quickly . Hooked it up to rv to replace existing one . Worked fine for about three weeks , then the brass fitting split & started leaking profusley . Had to throw it away as it was no longer useable .
 I purchased the hose about 5 years ago and it worked fine for a couple years . Into the third year the male end blew off . Kept the end and used the hose to wash the soap off my autos for a couple of years . When I needed a hose for my camper i decided to take advantage of my lifetime warranty . Even though the hose had their name one it clearly identifying it they said I had to have the original receipt and packaging . How stupid . Thermal paper receipts disappear in a year 's time . And keeping the packaging ? If i kept the packaging for every item purchased with a lifetime warranty I would n't be able to get in my house . Ok hose , but make a copy of the receipt and store it and the original packaging in a dark dry area like a bank vault -LRB- $ $ -RRB- so if you need to take advantage of the warranty you will have all the necessary materials .
 I do n't own this particular hose , but thought I would share some information with buyers.There are 2 things that contain lead in hoses , the minor contributor is the recycled plastic in the vinyl and the major contributor is the brass couplings at the ends . Manufacturers do n't add lead to the plastic , but some is present in the recycled material . Lead is added to the brass to make it more malleable so they can form it into the desired shape.This specific hose is a failure in its conception . Why make the hose material drinking water safe , but then put on brass couplings that have lead in them ? It 's contradictory . It says drinking water safe , but then has a warning label on the back from California that says causes cancer , do not drink from this hose . Hilarious . Apparently only California cares about its citizens , as other states do n't care if you drink water with lead in it.Only buy `` drinking water safe hoses '' that have medical grade vinyl and nickel-plated or non-brass couplings .
 This hose has a very small warning label hidden inside the wraping that says do not drink from this hose , and wash hands after using . may contain lead and chemicals which can cause cancer and birth defects . now is n't this a hose everyone should want /
 wow , what a poor product . First time i used it , it kinked . This hose is the worst hose i have ever had . Wanted it because it was drinking water safe but it was the poorest quality hose ever .
 Normally when I review something , I use a bulleted `` pro '' and `` con '' format . I 'm just going to skip the pro 's this time and go straight to the cons ... Cons : - The plastic hole saw guide is unstable and does n't grip the door tightly . There 's a statistical chance that the hole will end up in the correct spot , but it did n't in my case . Luckily the bolt hole was n't so far off center that I ruined the door . - The hole saw has all the toughness of a steel tin can . Two holes and it was getting dull . It also fit loosely on the arbor . - The templates only fit round corner strike plates and 3 1/2 '' round corner hinges . You 're out of luck if you want to use square corner hinges or strike plate . - The miniature router bit cut impossibly slowly using my drill . I would have put it in my Dremel , but , given the high quality of the rest of the set , I suspect that the bearing would have melted.A few Pros : - It was n't too expensive - It did n't take up much space in the trash.Conclusion
 Ok , I know we all get what we pay for , but I only have two doors to install ... and right out of the gate , this kit failed me . Let 's not even address the other reviewers comments -LRB- all accurate -RRB- on this kit . Here 's what killed me
 The plastic jig is way too wobbly for this kit to work well . Your best bet is to buy an installation kit with a metal jig . I ended up throwing this one in the trash .
 At first this seemed great ... Got the jig in place , attached the 2 1/8 '' hole saw and went to town . Sure some of the plastic jig got chewed off but whatever I expected that . . It want much ... Getting the mandrel off was a herculian effort but I got it off finally ... Went to attach the 1 '' hole saw to mandrel and found it does n't fit ... Not even close . The threads for it are substantially smaller so it is essentially useless to me . there is no way to get it in the supplied mandrel . None ... Now I have to go to the hardware store and get the right tools when I thought thats what I spent $ 20 on in thr first place . This product is junk . If all u need is to use the 2 1/8 '' hole saw this is the overpriced tool for you ... If you 'd like your door to have the hole for the deadbolt stay far away from this item . Seriously . . I just bought this yesterday and my next order of business is hate mail to Irwin and asking for a full refund .
 Bought this at a local box store . This should have been a quick , easy project , but due to the lack of quality on this product , it turned into a mess . Buyer beware
 I think the reviews on here have been too kind!I bought it because I was at the store and it was the only one there . Now a different store had more choices , which looked slightly better.Even before I could use it , I had trouble . I had a helluva time getting the hole saw off the mandrel . Then once the jig was on the door , it wobbled like crazy . The provided hole saws are terrible . And the plastic guide for the end of the door ? How do they figure those two little plastic tabs will keep it aligned so I can `` router '' ? I had to hold the template with one hand and `` router '' with the other . With my 18V Dewalt drill , that is not easy.The only purpose I found for it was to put it on the door , mark the holes with pencil and take it off . Then use normal tools like I should have in the first place !
 What a hunk a junk . The plastic jig is horrible . I started with the large hole . Right after the pilot bit penetrated , the hole saw hit the door . Then all hell broke loose . The jig went flying , then the hole saw crawled up the door almost taking out my face . I tried separate the hole bit from the pilot bit holder , but it wo n't budge . I may be able to sand my door down enough to salvage it .
 Long story short , my brother had mysteriously lost my hole saw kit and paddle bit set , as well as some other tools . I went to Home depot to buy three lock sets , locking knob and deadbolt and tools to install . I needed to drill two of the three deadbolt holes . Money is tight and instead of buying new kits or just buying the single tools I saw this kit and decided to give it a shot.In theory it should of been a 45 minute job for all three that 's including clean up . It took me close to three hours . Almost all of the time was spent trying switch these cheep bits . Once you would drill one hole the the nut would get stuck and you could n't remove the bit , it took about 1/2 hour of struggling each time . The nut holding the bit was about an 1/8 thick so the wrench kept wanting to pop off it , there was no way to get a good enough bite to give it some torque . I did n't want to use vise grips , there good for a quick fix but it ruins the nut . Just with the effort it took me to swap the bit once was a joke and a complete waste of my time , I had to swap it twice each deadbolt I installed . My old hole saw kit , the nut was about 1/2 inch think , yea sometimes it was on there good but you had the grip to put some torque into it , it always loosened first try.The side punch did not work at all , all it did was make a light mark , I had to use a razor to get it deep enough to where it chipped off easy when I chiseled it , instead of splitting the door . The hole saw bits were bi metal bits . I was going through two layers of 1/32 aluminum , wood and foam . The bit had a tough time going through the last sheet of metal , it had dulled on 1/32 of aluminum.It is not quicker to use this kit , there are other brands that make kits out there that include 1 hole saw bit and one paddle bit , as well as the jig , use that if you have no need for tools and its a one time thing . If you have a use for tools , buy the hole saw kit and paddle bit kit and use a tape . I never had a issue when using those , I got cheap and careless and it got me a whole lot of grief.I sent the customer service department an e-mail to let them know what happened while using this product . I got the instant e-mail saying my comment will be reviewed and a rep will get back to me but that never happened .
 I specifically bought this because it was industrial . Plastic is not industrial . Drilling the hole for the lock I was installing I was waiting for the jig to break . Then when I went to drill the hole for the bolt the flange did not fit the 1 inch bit.If you do order this product get a magnifying glass because the instructions are in impossibly small print .
 I almost ruined my door using this jig . It is very unstable and does n't allow you to see if your hole saw is tilted or straight . The hole saws are also very quick to dull , -LRB- about 5 seconds -RRB- . I have had much better results with the tape on templates . Save your money
 Made in the USA ... in Oregon ? Not entirely ... After having a Gerber -LRB- another Portland-based multitool company -RRB- Suspension for several years , and being sorely disappointed in the durability of THAT device -LRB- when the knife blade snapped off in my hands while working on my car door -RRB- , I decided that I should try a Leatherman since it 's what all the rough 'n' tumble construction guys I 've known swear by . I spent a lot of time combing the internet for product reviews and video demonstrations of the several multitools I was interested in . This particular item won me over the SOG PowerLock and PowerAssist series multitools for the simple fact that an actual set of driver bits was included in the deal . SOG multitools require an additional purchase of the socket and bit driver set in order to have this functionality , which I am specifically wanting in my next multitool.Boy was I disappointed when the Leatherman Wave arrived and I got it out of the packaging ! No sooner did I deploy the built-in lanyard ring than I had discovered that doing so loosened up all the other tools inside that part of the handle such that they all kind of flop around when the pliers are deployed . You can hear them rattling around when the tool is fully closed with nothing deployed . The lack of proper tension in the joint also casues the scissors not to function properly . Noteworthy
 Well they shipped them promptly , they were well packed , a fair price ... But they were half dead to dead on arrival should 've expected as much it 's the chance you take when shopping online : /
 Used these batteries in flashlights that we bought for our kids . The batteries did n't last 24 hours in them before they needed to be replaced.Spend the extra money and get batteries that will last ! Wish I did ...
 This gets one star only because there is not a zero star rating . My wife is an avid gardener , so I was really thrilled to find this item for her for Valentine 's Day . But when she tried to attach this to the appropriately sized bucket , the strap just pulled right out at the D-ring . Upon closer inspection , we discovered that there was only one row of VERY loose stitches `` holding '' the strap in ! Another piece of crap made in China -- I should have known better . Then , to add insult to injury , I would have to PAY shipping to send this junk back ! Do yourself a favor , spend a little more , and get something made in the USA -- if that 's even possible anymore !
 I was disappointed in this product . The items did not fit tight in the pockets so would fall out . I could see that I could n't use it . I ended up giving it away to a charity auction-sure hope the person who got it can use it somehow .
 I was excited about purchasing this product and loved the idea of being able to carry my bucket and several tools in such a convient manner . However , I have found it difficult and irritating to use . Despite how firmly I secure the carrier to my 5 gallon bucket and how few tools I insert in the pockets , the carrier slides off after a short period of time . Very ittitating to have it and the tool end up on the ground . This happens with only one ot two tools or none . Spend too much time having to reattach several times only to have it slip off again . Totally defeats the purpose of its use .
 I should have listened to other consumers alerts . It looked so handy . I even paid the high price for the `` appropriate '' bucket . The velco holder that holds the tools does n't stay up ! I tried everything . Dont make the same mistake ... Dont waste your money !!
 The photograph of this item very clearly shows that it is white or light beige , with dark green trim . I thought , great , it 'll be easy to find in the yard.The caddy arrived today , and it is actually GREEN , with dark green trim.Whose idiot idea was this ? Once set down in the yard and forgotten for a few minutes , or left for an hour 's lunch break , I 'll need a dog to find it again -- it blends right into the greenery . Nobody buys a green garden tool more than once.And a former reviewer is right -- there 's too much velcro around the -LRB- important -RRB- bucket strap , and this tool will be useless in a few months , as the velcro clogs with dirt and twigs . Further , if the bucket is n't exactly the size the manufacturer had in mind , the velcro wrap wo n't hold.Phooey .
 Purchased this product and sent to Boulder , CO. . Local store , McGuckins , had same item for $ 14.95 which is $ 5.00 cheaper . Very disappointed in price .
 for the price i paid i thought i could get the tools with it but when i opened it there wasnt even a bucke i was so disapointed
 EDITED NOTE
 It does n't come with a bucket to wrap it around , so no big deal , eh ? I 've been to SEVEN stores looking for the right sized bucket ... they 're either too little or too big . The buckets I have looked at
 This is a good idea that has been poorly executed.There are ample pockets for your most used tools , and the size of these pockets gives you plenty of flexibility.For my own personal use , the seed packet storage is a lot of wasted space , which really ca n't be converted to use for anything other than seed packets . I think the cell-phone pocket is another waste of space on this rig as well . I do n't want to be bothered while I 'm out in the yard . I 'm sure some of you might agree!Where I am truly disappointed with this product is in it 's quality . The materials are fine , but the assembly is truly poor . There is a snap closure on this rig , and when it was made , the snap grommet cut right through the back rubberized fabric , causing that closure to be totally useless . It is n't worth the time and effort to patch the fabric , and install a new snap -LRB- or other closure device -RRB- . The hook-and-loop fastening strap that holds the body of the rig to the bucket is a generic low-quality velcro . The stitching overall is pretty low quality , and less than accurate at the seams and attachment points . Do n't overload your rig , or it will sag . Do n't remove the rig from the bucket frequently , or it will fail to `` stick '' . Use a dedicated 5-gallon bucket , and leave it attached.I would suggest getting something like a `` Bucket Boss '' rig , and adapting it to your gardening needs .
 it fogged up the first time i used it . not a very good product . would not reccomend to anyone
 Purchased this mirror to take with me to the gym to allow me to shave in the shower . -LRB- Waiting for an open sink was getting old -RRB- . The first day I stuck it up on the glass shower door via the suction cups , turned on the shower , and it immediately fogged up . THAT 'S RIGHT , THE FIRST TIME I USED IT . No soap build up to blame , no hard water to blame ... . and it remained fogged-up . Now I simply splashed a little water on it to get the fog to go away . The size and other feature work well ... The suction cups work extremely well on glass , but on two seperate occasions I have removed the mirror and the cups remained on the glass . I spent a few minuted trying to pry these little `` guys '' off of the glass and reassemble on the mirror -LRB- before I misplaced them -RRB- . In short , this is a great mirror for intermitent use when traveling . Do n't expect it to be fog-free though . And when removing it from glass , you need to slide it down the surface to break the seal or the suction cups dissengage .
 Bought the light . Just what I was looking for . Installed easily . Configuration was a pain , just as the other reviews say , but I was OK with that . The light worked great , until it rained . Then it stopped working because the little box which houses the motion sensor FILLED UP WITH WATER ! Odd that it was not sealed , even though it is an outdoor fixture . I 'll be returning it .
 Probably an engineering change . It 's OK , but hard to configure . And why should I have to configure a light fixture ?
 This is seriously a waste of money . I bought it last year and after a month or two , it would always stay on . So then I wrote to amazon to inform them of this issue -LRB- thinking that I got a defective product -RRB- . Amazon is always the best ! They sent out replacement right away . The replacement worked fine until the first heavy rain . Now the sensor looks like it had been submerged into water and again no matter how much i try to adjust the knobs -LRB- ya , that 's another pain point -RRB- ; it 's staying on . That just means its pretty much useless once again!Update
 It 's not bronze , as the ad said . As others here mentioned , the tiny flimsy knobs are really difficult to identify and to use . My light does not work with a strong bulb but it works with two 40w bulbs . It 's a pain to adjust . Do n't buy .
 This is a bit cheaper than the price I paid . Power switch broke on first use and now the only way to turn it off is to unplug it . Not such a big surprise when I think that I bought it because it was cheap . It should have cost even less .
 Although this motion light got excellent reviews , we would disagree with the quality . The settings are extremely difficult to understand . Our real problem is that the device is not water resistant . Yes , we have gotten a lot of rain , but when you change the settings , water comes out of the device.So I would only suggest this device for dry climates !
 I purchased three set of lights had them installed buy a electrician , After 1 month the lights failed one after the other . After closer inspection the sensors were filled with rain water . electricians are n't cheep ! do n't waste your money
 after a few days of rain , the moisture have gotten trapped inside the sensor . Now it does n't turn on . I 'm looking for a new light , or a new sensor to swap in .
 The poor rating of this item and my own experience this security light is POOR quality apparently . Received it for Xmas and got around to installing it sometime in January . May 12 , 2012 the light remained on all night and every attempt to reset it so that it only came on when sensing motion at night failed . Five months of use for such an item is not worth taking the chance . Pass it up and go with some other manufacturer and model . Yes , there is a a 10-year warranty so you send it to The Designers Edge with a payment of $ 7.50 to cover return postage and they 'll either fix it or replace it -- so the booklet says . Well , if it cost $ 7.50 to mail , $ 7.50 to return -LRB- $ 15.00 -RRB- and all the difficulty or uninstalling and reinstalling another one , which may only last five months , I do n't think the trouble is worth all the effort when it originally cost about $ 20.00 + / - and the driving to a Post Office for fuel would probably cost the other $ 5.00 .
 THIS ITEM IS CRAP !!!! BUY A LIGHT FROM HOME DEPOT SO AT LEAST YOU CAN RETURN IT EASY IF IT IS JUNK LIKE THIS ITEM !! LIGHT DOES NOT TURN OFF ... STAYS ON AND THE ONLY WAY TO TURN IT OFF IS BY THE SWITCH INSIDE THE HOUSE !! KIND OF DEFEATS THE `` SENOR '' YA THINK !! I WISH I HAD NOT HAVE THROWN THE BOX AWAY SO SOON , SINCE I DID NOT THINK IT WOULD NOT WORK AT ALL I TOSSED IT ... NOW THE ONLY SATISFACTION IS TOSSING THIS ITEM AND GETTING A REAL LIGHT !!!!! WOULD NOT EVEN HAVE GIVEN IT A STAR !!!
 Installed this light per instuction inside my garage out of the weather . Light worked fine for about a week but then stayed on all the time . Went through all the fix it items in the instruction sheet but nothing worked , the light stayed on all the time no matter what I tried . So it is being replaced with a standard light . Not happy with the whole thing .
 As far as I am concerned this unit was a waste of money . It really only worked fine for about a month or so . The brass is ok on it but i was more interestd in the way it worked which is erratic at best -LRB- at least on my unit -RRB- .
 WARNING ! This does not come with the U.S. standard mounting plate . I bought this light to replace my old porch light and the screws would not align with the existing screw holes into my brick wall . My old porch light had two wires . This one has four . Probably for the light sensor and control to switch it on at dusk to light . Comes with english , spanish , and french instructions . Perhaps the mounting plate is European . You have to screw on the plate on against the outside wall , then slip the screws through the light base , then into the mounting plate . Unfortuntely you can not twist the base to line up the screw holes . Could not use at all . Had to go to Home Depot and get a similiar looking porch light . It looks and sounds great but was totally useless to me . Too late to return either . Will end up donating to Goodwill with warning note .
 I thought that the price was way to high . $ 28 for one door handle seems a little bit to much . When I ordered the handle I assumed it was a package of two .
 The listing say 's it 's a 6-pack , but it 's not . It 's actually only one bulb . The bulb is great , the listing is misleading so beware .
 Ordered 7 of these lights . 4 of the boxes were damaged but the lights do work . Some parts of the lights were not on the lights but were in the box . Being a metal light expect it to rust . 2 have already . Sensors work real well . Too well if installed facing a road . 2 of mine are within 30 feet of a road . had to block middle of sensor even on the lowest setting to stop them from turning on everytime a vehicle passed . Wiring may be a problem because of no room inside housing for additional wire or connectors .
 I purchased two of these . When they arrived they were defective . Extremely shoddy manufacture , with paint peeling from each recepticle even though they were covered in plastic and unopened . I have yet to receive a credit from Amazon , although I promptly returned both lamps to Amazon with the postage free label they provided . I am not a happy camper right now , and may not use Amazon again ...
 Look nice but this unit stay on all day all night . Obviously the sensor do not work well will try to have it replace assp
 Product title days oudoor , but the Technical Details section says indoor use only . Which is it?Feel free to delete this review when the problem is fixed .
 Some reviewers have suggested using malathion inside your home for bedbugs . Do n't do it . Malathion is wickedly toxic stuff and if you do n't know exactly what you 're doing , you can seriously hurt yourself by spraying it around inside your house . Propoxur is far less toxic than malathion is and it 's even more effective on bedbugs -LRB- Malathion has little residual effect and bedbugs have already begun to acquire some resistance to it ; this is not true of propoxur . -RRB- If you have a stubborn bedbug infestation , you 'd be much better off using propoxur . Check out my review ofINVADER HPX AEROSOLto learn more .
 I had to buy this one because the first one broke and it could n't be repaired.RENT a paint sprayer and save yourself the trouble .
 I may have gotten a defective one but I could not get the sensitivity adjusted so that it did not go on and off all night
 Did n't work right out of the box . The red indicator light came on but no lights , no matter what I tried . I returned it to the store . Years ago motion sensor lights seemed to be reliable , our old one lasting 15 years . All of the new ones seem to be junk.This light comes with a 10 year warranty but , of course , you have to pay to ship it to them and they require including a check for $ 7.50 for return shipping .
 I bought this lamp and had to return it after only a week.TO begin with they are advertised with a motion sensor with a 150 degrees detection range , but no matter how hard i tried positioning it , mine only detected objects in a 30 degrees range , almost pointless for the use i intended to make of it.On top of that , the motion detection switch stopped working completely after only 2 days , probably due to overheating ... the lamp was stuck on the on position . After manually switching the fixture off for a few hours it started working again , only to get stuck once more a few days later.A really awful experience considering that installing and uninstalling this fixture on the roof is not fun at all .
 I set this on the lowest setting and it comes on constantly.If you live where there are any trees with in 50 feet of the light or the wind blows , I would n't recommend this light .
 This light is garbage . I am sending it back for a refund . All attempts to get it to work properly have failed . Even with the sensitivity turned as low as it goes , the light continues to trip falsely . Spent a lot of time trying to adjust it . It works great in `` Test '' mode . I give it one star as it wo n't let me give it zero stars .
 The sensor on this light is too sensitive for anywhere other than your basement . It does come with a sensitivity adjustment which is great , except even when set as low as possible it still turns on and off all night . Yes this light works as advertised , but the constant false alarms waste tons of electricity and will bother you and your neighbours . I recommend spending a little more on a quality brand.UPDATE
 Two of these units stopped working because the housing container filled with water . I noticed this when I was trying to troubleshoot . I turned the control to Test and a lot of waterr started dripping out.Both units were professionally installed . I am in the process of replacing the second one now .
 Mine did not come with the switch to change from motion to dusk-to-dawn mode and it 's super sensitive . Any wind will turn it on , which means pretty much all night long . Too bad I did n't install it until a few months after purchasing it or I would have returned it .
 I live in a very windy area and even on the least sensitive setting with the motion detector pointed towards the ground this light will activate . That is n't the problem . The problem comes when it activates and you have it on a 1 minute timer , but it never turns off . The problem is sporadic and is tied to the wind . If the wind is very high , then the leaves , brush or whatever seems to be triggering the light and having two flood lights on most of the night is not only a waste of power , but it probably annoys the neighbors as well.The light itself is nice . It fully iluminates the yard and nobody is going to hide in the shadows with this light on.Motion sensing is the way to go . At least it turns off some of the time .
 this product is built tough for sure ... . but do not take it on long hiking trips because it is heavy and bulky . Other than that the tool is great
 If you have large hairy hands that drag on the ground and you watch a lot of football then this is probably for you . Otherwise it 's just too damned large and heavy for practical use .
 I 'm very unhappy with the Surge that Leatherman sent to replace another replaced Leatherman multi tool . My original Leatherman was compact , awesome , required zero maintenance other than sharpening the knife and lasted more than 10 years of almost daily use . The nut driver/multi-bit adapter for it was incredible . When it finally required some adjustment and I sent it back - they annoyed the hell out of me by replacing it -LRB- upgraded it according to Leatherman -RRB- with something unremarkable that lasted a few months . That one was repaired twice . That is how I ended up with a Surge that has major problems . The weight that others complain about is a non issue for me but it is a chunk . The fit is horrible . Pliers get caught and jammed when you fold them up . The saw blade is inferior to prior models and bends and breaks easily . The tiny tab/latch on the screwdriver holder often fails and you lose the bit . All in all possibly the worst Leatherman product I 've used . Recently I went to use my original Leatherman 's bit adapter to find it did n't work . I had to send back the original to get the version that fit the Surge . Does n't work nearly as well as the original . If you want a reliable tool that you can use daily - this is n't it . I hope I 'm wrong but I think this company is headed in the wrong direction as far as quality . I 'm tired of sending mine back and having to pay for the shipping . This will be the 5th time in 3 years if memory serves me correctly . It is time to start looking at other multi tools .
 This tool is heavy duty and is designed well , but the sharp edges on the handle could cut your hand . I have several victorinox products , and their fit and finish is much better . The Surge I got also had loose sissors just like another reviewer . For a tool that lists for $ 93 , this is unbelievable .
 This item was purchased as a gift to my dear uncle who lives outside US . I took it to him this summer . He was very excited about this instrument at first . Unfortunately , one part would not open as it was supposed to . Luckily , my uncle is quite a handyman and has a collection of fine instruments at home . He was able to get it fixed ! Or he is saying he fixed it so that I do n't get upset -LRB- I hope not ! -RRB- . This is a major disappointment . As you see , returning or replacing the item was n't really an option . Was it just really bad luck ? I expected good and reliable quality from Leatherman .
 I ordered this because Leatherman was backordered on this item . When it came this was not the current model Surge . Also the sheath was the old model without the extra pocket on the back ... BEWARE !
 This product looks great but ca n't stand up to mild use . The lock release for the bottle opener and other tools broke after only two months of very light use . I am sending it back for repair under the 25 year limited warranty , but would NOT buy this product again and only hope it lasts longer than two months after warranty service return or replacement of the item .
 Made in china and not the quality I 'd expect from Leatherman . I owned a titanium charge for seven years and bought the surge to replace it . I thought any thing from Leatherman would be of the same quality but it seems not all their products are manufactured to the same standards or in the same factory . If it under $ 150 it made in china and not an original Leatherman .
 Well , that 's a good question . Nowhere on the tool or the packaging does it state where this product is made . I know Leatherman has a factory in the Portland , Oregon area , but I now suspect they only put the pieces together , and the actual parts are made somewhere else . Or maybe the factory is just for show , and most of the products are made in another country . Of course , I 'm only speculating , but why else would n't they properly label the product 's point of origin ? There 's something fishy here , and I 'm rather disgusted with this myself . I purchased a Leatherman because I want to support American-made products , but this company does n't even have enough pride to state where the product was made at all . Have things gotten so bad that it is embarrassing or politically incorrect to state ` Made in U.S.A ' on our products ? Leatherman , if there are Americans still running the company , you should be ashamed for doing this . I will never buy another Leatherman product because of it , and I hope others reading this review will follow suit . If you 're not going to label your products , we might as well be buying less expensive items that are clearly labeled ` Made in China ' .
 I placed this order for 5 of the Leatherman Surge because # 1 they showed 6 in stock as I placed the order and they had the best price . I received standard e mail notices for 2 days from Amazon and then one from Beach Camera vendor that said 2 shipped and 3 to `` ship soon '' . I sent an email asking what `` soon '' meant . I received the shipment of 2 knives in the meantime -LRB- which partial shipment was prompt -RRB- . I then received an email response that said if you ca n't wait let them know and they would cancel balance of 3 . I wrote again and asked `` wait till when '' what is date the other 3 could ship having still 22 days prior to Christmas and that was my deadline . Ralph responded saying he would let me know tomorrow . All of the time I was receiving the normal emails from Amazon saying my total order of 5 had shipped and that my credit card had been charged the full amount for 5 . It was like they did not want to admit to Amazon that their stock was not right . No more correspondence from this vendor - just an email from Amazon saying credit had been issued to my card because quantity of 3 were cancelled . As if I cancelled them ???? But now I had to pay 2 x freight as I have ordered the 3 from somewhere else . I should have ordered them all elsewhere . LOL
 i have owned and used many leatherman tools and this SURGE falls well below in craftsmanship of manufacturing . it certainly has all the bells and whistles but is just poorly put together.if i had n't completely destroyed the packaging it came in when i opened it , i would have immediately returned it
 The sheath that us said to be leather which leads you to be leather is not all leather . It 's vinyl/nylon ... go figure
 i did not order this one but I guess it is going to be shipped out to me so either I will like it and keep it or i will send it back we will see
 I got smaller hog rings than this was able to use . This listing really should of put the required size of the hog rings in so I would of known that.Although I did n't get to use the item , I can tell you it does not work very well . The spring in no way ` pops ' the pliers open , so you would constantly have to work to loosen the pliers after every hog ring . I actually ca n't tell what the spring does at all , it really seems to serve no purpose . It might be to keep the pliers shut after you squeezed them closed , but that would of been annoying to work with . These pliers do n't open smoothly at all.Maybe I got faulty pliers , but the spring and screw were hooked up exactly like how the picture shows.I was able to use normal pliers to finish with what I was doing , which was installing heated seat kit into my car.If you put the hog ring in the mouth of pliers -LRB- normal clamp pliers , that is . -RRB- before you attach it to the tension wire -LRB- in car upholstery -RRB- , the rings can shut on whatever rather easily once you squeeze . You just have to position it first.Save you money ; use good , standard pliers and skip this .
 Initially worked for me . After a couple of months I discovered it had quit working . This item is totally unreliable . Today it will work only if it is within 25 ft of the transmitter . This thing is obviously junk and useless to me . This item is not recommended !! I hope I can find one that will really work .
 It is inexpensive , but cheap . Installed just before Christmas , it now no longer works . It was a breeze to install , and sounded great at first , but now , nothing .
 The unit worked for about 10 minutes and then would not work again.I have returned it to Amazon for a refund.I then purchased a Heath Zenith LE-6157-B Wireless chime which works . This unit has no wires ... it has a microphone unit powered by 3 AAA batteries . When the main door chime sounds it transmits a signal to a remote which plugs into any outlet in the house or garage . The remote can be set to sound a variety of chimes . I had it working in 5 minutes .
 Bought it.Installed it.Not loud enough.Had to bring it from room to room because it was n't loud enough to be heard the next room over when I had the AC going.Sending it back .
 The belt sander was returned immediately due to it 's condition . It was supposed to be factory reconditioned `` Like new '' . It was covered in heavy sawdust and the collector bag had a large hole in it . The collector tube was so out of shape it would not attach to the sander . Stick to the new products for Porter Cable . If the cost for new is too high , purchase a Makita .
 Used it for 10 minutes - got hotter than the dickens . Returned it for a Dewalt 505 . Much better .
 I 've bought a lot of reconditioned products from other manufacturers before and always found them to be hard to tell from new . Not so with Bosch . My hammer drill came with a rusty chuck , dirt & scratches , and the case was all beat-up . I contacted CPO Bosch and never heard back . If you want like-new , stay away from Bosch factory reconditioned .
 bought one of these 3 years ago and it worked great at the distance I needed . A battery corroded and ruined the unit . Bought another one and it wo n't work consistently in the same location . Going to try another . The first one worked of 4 D cells . This uses 4 C cells . Stay tuned ...
 I received the headlamp yesterday and returned it today . Once the three provided batteries were installed , the latch for the battery compartment would pop open whenever the tilt was adjusted . In my opinion , the battery compartment is designed too small . For a premium product , this was disappointing .
 First time we 've ever written a review but this product deserves a warning . It is not suitable for a marine environment . We use ours on our boat . We have returned ours for repair or replacement three times . After working for about a month the light starts to flicker . If you use it for reading it is unusable .
 I had one of these when they first came out . It was full of win . It was lite weight . It has different settings for saving batteries . The red filter works nicely . After about two years , when out camping , I found that the case that encloses the batteries had cracked and the lamp no longer functioned.I would buy another one but why should I ? I had the last one almost ten years ago and they have n't changed since then . LED technology is everywhere now . Why pay $ 45 for one of these now when you can find many others for less than $ 20 . Petzl should price these more competitively . If it costs them a lot to make these after all of this time they are doing something wrong .
 I received this light one day and the next day it was gone . Why ? Because its really an expensive and weak light for your money.I felt cheated since I got a cheap 20 dollar headlamp -LRB- ~ 50 lumens -RRB- at a local mega store and it outshined this overpriced piece of junk . The light appeared a blueish tint , and very weak , it was hard to make out anything past 50 ft even on the max setting . so 35 lumens for 43 bucks ... yea outrageously overpriced . I dont see how this can maintain a 4 1/2 starsAfter i returned this i found another headlamp for about 20 dollars more than the petzl and it made a WORLD OF DIFFERENCE !! . My friend had lent me his headlamp which he uses for fishing and it is extraordinarily bright . So i looked for his headlamp on the net and stumbled upon the fenix hp10 -LRB- 225 lumens ! -RRB- . Lets just say , on the 2nd brightness -LRB- out of 4 illumination modes -RRB- setting of the hp10 , it outshined the petzl which was set on the max setting ! The search was over for a decent headlamp , go for this one , u wont regret it !
 While this is a fine product , excellent military use in field conditions , it can not be shipped to an APO in Afghanistan . I 'm not quite sure about the logic in not being able to ship to an APO for a serviceman or someone else serving in a warzone . It 's a United States zip code , the military will deliver it from there . It 's not a sensitive item in any way shape or form and it 's a sure bet that those receiving it will not be putting it into the hands of those seeking to do harm with it.Jeez amazon , get a grip and do a reality check here .
 I fish the unforgiving rock piles of NJ , pretty much getting wet most of the time with waves crashing over the rocks and getting salt spray in my face . This thing claims to be water resistant , but it is not . After using it one time , the battery terminals corroded and the light is not working properly . If you are planning on being dry the whole time , than its a great lamp . Very light weight , the red lens is perfect for keeping your night vision , its just not good for surf fishing .
 Pros :1 . It is bright . It puts out quite a bit of light .2 . It 's lightweight .3 . Three name brand batteries are included .4 . The light comes with a three year warranty.Cons :1 . Light bleeds out through the edges of the red filter quite badly .2 . Feels very cheap . Definitely does n't feel like a $ 37 light , let alone the higher priced $ 45 color .3 . Red lens ? Nope . It might look red at first , but you 're getting pure orange light . I compared it against another red tactical light I have and it 's not red at all .4 . It claims to be water resistant , but there are no soft-touch sealing materials or rubber edges that would possibly keep water out of the battery chamber.Overall , I am very disappointed with this light . Yes , it 's brighter than the $ 10 headlamp at your hardware store , and the red flip up lens is convenient , but it does not put out red light . I purchased this to use in some upcoming night land navigation courses I 'm going through as part of my military training . This will not work at all . It bleeds out enough white light on the edges to disqualify me with that alone , but the fact that the light does n't even look remotely red , rather orange , will make me stand out like a sore thumb on the course . This light will not work in the least for the course I need it on . I have used several different brands of headlamps now , and the feel and look of this lamp is much more akin to the $ 10 cheapos than the more expensive `` tactical lights '' that are in this price range . I would steer completely clear of this model , especially if you actually need quality RED light in tactical , camping , or training situations.I would NOT recommend this lamp to anyone , honestly . Better alternatives are to be had for what you pay . It gets two starts because it is bright and comes with quality Duracell batteries.Update
 I 'm quite disappointed in this light . It worked for a little while but now the on-off switch is defective making it difficult to turn on the light and keep it on . I purchased a Streamlight 61052 Septor LED and love it . I also gave it as a Christmas present to my nephews and brother-in-law .
 Just received my Petzl tacticca plus headlamp.What a poorly designed hunk of junk ! It works but but is just badly made.First , the opening to the casing is at the top , so every time you adjust the angle of the light , it pops open spilling out the batteries , because they did ` nt provide enough material to make the door stay closed.Also at the bottom the case is too small , so there is a gap of about a 1/4 '' . In lieu of hinges , there are 2 fabric straps which keep the case from falling apart , but which when you open the case at all , they push the batteries out.I will need to tape it closed , just to be able to use it ! At 40 + dollars , this is a huge rip off!You can get a mini mag flashlight made of aircraft aluminum for much less!Just stealing peoples hard earned money.Will never buy another product from them , that 's for sure.There must be better ones .
 I ordered two of the headlamps , one works fine , the other would not stay closed . I finally figured out that the battery was not seating correctly and kept the cover from closing shut.Sent it back , not interested in trying it again . It is now 9/12 and I have the same problem with the second lamp , the batteries will not stay in place and the lamp goes out . I have no way of contacting the seller , so this is my only way to say , do n't buy it !!!
 This thing costs twice as much as the Energizer 7 LED headlamp which has 45 lumens , this one only has 35 lumens , you do the math . The energizer one is slightly more bulky -LRB- maybe 20 % bigger -RRB- , but that 's a small inconvenience for a much better deal .
 this headlamp showed up broken . when i would turn the light on it would flicker and go from bright to dim . i would have to move it up and down to get it to go bright again but it would soon dim . i am very disappointed in petzl .
 Case cracked on it after perhaps 10 backpack trips.Still using it , applied some duct tape.My previous Petzl case also cracked . Wo n't be buying another .
 Petzl used to be synonymous with Quality ... . however I am finding my expensive purchase is not even as good a quality as some of the $ 20 cheapo headlamps at walmart . Petzl needs to address this or just lose business altogether . I purchased a couple of these headlamps for bug out bags for family members and I am not sure they will survive the long haul after looking them over . They work , but not what I expected from Petzl .
 The hose seems high quality , but the hardware at the spigot end leaks . After fooling around with it a bit I found they put an O-ring in that end that just does not work . I replaced the O-ring with a regular hose sealing ring and then it still leaked a bit . Adding teflon tape to the threads took care of that . If I were not using Nelson brass quick connectors this hose would be a total loss . Since the quick connector stays on the end of the hose the teflon tape works .
 Hopefully this is just a one time thing , but the hose I received leaked from the collar . Tried on different spigots and with different , or no , washers and nothing seemed to work . Just put in for an exchange , hopefully the next one works properly .
 Bought this hose because the reviews were decent on its quality and lack of kinking . My problem with the hose is twofold . One , while it is easy to attach to the faucet , it leaks significantly , which is simply not acceptable for a hose of this apparent quality and price point . Second , while the hose is not kink-free , it is kink-resistant , and it should be , because the hose is so unwieldy.Overall , it 's not a bad hose , but it is not worth the price . Quality is comparable to an Apex in being kink-free , and the Apex is more affordable .
 Purchased this product in spring of 2010 . The hose already has non-reducing kinks where the ply has broken down . Not the quality of product I expected from Gilmour . On a positive note , the connectors at either end seem well made and should be durable.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE .
 If this is the top of the line heavy duty hose from Gilmour I 'd hate to have bought somewhere in the middle . I only have average city water pressure and this thing could n't hold the pressure back for a few minutes without forming 2 large pressure blisters . The hose it was to replace cost 1/2 the price and was over 4 yrs old ! Never did it show any signs of leaks or giving way to pressure ! I only wanted to replace it due to it 's age and a lot of wear on the outside from repeated use . I certainly should have purchased from a local store Lowe 's Home Depot etc. , so I could return the # % $ @ ! ^ * & % # $ % thing ...
 We live in hot weather . It becomes too flexible and kinks . Needs more platinum . not too bad not too good .
 I was very happy with this hose and thought it would last a good long time . It is taken in in the winter and treat with care . I am sorry to say it is useless now . -LSB- ... -RSB- I Sure wish I could get a new free prelacement one . I 'm really disappointed ,
 I bought two of these , excited that they had a good warranty and looked sturdy . Regular use in Arizona for our garden and both of these have now sprung leaks in under a year of use . They have not been put under undue pressure or tarried with any sharp objects . I returned the hose ends of the first one to leak to the company per the warranty instructions on the package and have heard nothing back for 5 months . No replacement , no contact , and I have been unable to find a way to contact the company directly . I wo n't waste my postage on returning the second one.Unfortunately , it seems that this is the only brand of sturdy hose that Amazon carries . And since I wo n't ever buy from this hose manufacturer again , I 'll be going to Home Depot for replacements .
 The one I received leaks at the collar . Tried is at several different spigots and the same result . Guess I received a fluke . Sent back for a refund . I 'm sure it 's a great hose if it did n't leak .
 We purchased this hose for our new house . The connection to the water outlet leaked . We called the company and they said since it was brand new they would send us a new hose . Never got new hose . They said normally they would ask us to cut off the connection and send it but since it was new that was not a problem.This hose is very stiff .
 Read the Product Warning . It can only be found after unpacking the product . It says water from the hose can cause cancer and birth defects . It also warns to wash hands after using.Like most people I use the hose for many purposes including filling our above ground pool , watering my vegetable garden and general exterior cleaning chores and this hose produces toxic water that is unsuitable for these purposes.This is not the only hose that carries this warning . I 've shopped in three other stores that carry plastic hoses and I could find only one brand of plastic hose that did not have a health warning of toxic materials.After reading the product warning notice I returned this hose to Amazon without using it .
 The bar is not chrome finished . It is blue paint . I like to replace it but they did not have replacement . The advertisement is misleading customer .
 I purchased this wood stove about 3 years ago . I have owned other stoves in the past and was very pleased with each one ... until I bought this one.I live in New England and here we need to depend on a good reliable source of heat.I had not seen this stove prior to purchasing it ... mistake # 1 . None were on display anywhere in my area . I went on the recommendation of a friend who had one , but knew nothing about wood stoves ... mistake # 2 . First off , the stove is very hard to regulate . It either is set low and smokes all over or all the way open and will blast you out of the house . It probably would work better in a large home for that reason.It is a poorly built cheap quality most likely a Chinese made stove -LRB- as quoted on another website -RRB- . The first year I had to replace the door gasket 3 times until I emailed the company and they sent one that has worked fine since . The door is out of alignment and does n't fit flush . The hinges have a lot of slop in them . Year 2 , the handle broke off , very poor design and materials.I emailed and complained about it and they did send a new one free . Year 3 , Some of the fire brick are now breaking and the grate has broken.There is a big hole in the middle . A new one on their website costs $ -LSB- ... -RSB- + shipping . They are also to last for years according to their website.This is not an air tight wood stove like I thought . There are gaps in the doors and The fire box is thin metal . Overall it does technically work , but for the money it is very , very poor . Please do yourself a favor and look to a different company .
 The gauge is well made and suitable for use BUT with Withworth/British Standard threads the thread pitch is in inch units . The Scale provided on the Gage is in mm . This makes the scale useless . Further the double depth of cut table is for 60 degree threads not the 55 degree used on Withworth/British Standard threads.However while it would be nice to have these things they do not interfere with its use only its utility.I have purchased three 55 Degree Center gauges so far . None is quite correct.One , made in china was poorly made an useless . This on is much better . I have actually bought on made in England , which is best but lacks the correct table , in fact it lacks any table.Jim B.
 14 months ago I bought and installed 2 Danze bathroom faucets with a rubbed bronze finish . They were very expensive and looked nice at first but soon the bronze plating begin to wear off around the aerator and the drain . The aerator is difficult to remove for cleaning and needs to be cleaned almost daily to keep water from spraying in all directions when the water is turned on . This week the faucet , not the plumbing under the sink , began to leak copiously . When trying to troubleshoot the problem on the telephone with the tech . rep. it was clear that although he bragged that he had been working at the job for 5 years , he did n't know anything about the construction of the faucet . He even insisted that the aerator and the piece that holds it into the faucet were 1 piece , even though it was clear that I was holding 2 pieces in my hand . He insisted that I did n't know what I was talking about . Would never buy another Danze faucet .
 We purchased a house full of Danze plumbing fixtures . The kitchen one -LRB- D409012SS -RRB- has been a problem since we bought it . They claim lifetime warantee , but plumber has been here twice , they sent the wrong part , then want to charge for postage . I will end up paying bigtime for this junk even if they replace it.The cheap stuff at home depot is a better deal .
 Do n't buy anything from DANZE - their products are sub-standard and they are very unresponsive to customers once they have your money - they could care less.Save yourself time and aggravation and buy a better quality product .
 I purchased the Danze Sonora Single-Handle Kitchen Faucet Chrome with Satin Nickel Accents , #D 404554CSN for my home . Installation was straightforward and the directions were clear . Danze does not attach the hot and cold water lines to the faucet . Rather they are packaged separately and must be installed by the user . I assume it is done to save shipping space but the design , in my opinion , is an invitation to leaking problems in the future . I installed the faucet and checked for leaks . There did not appear to be any.However , five days later I noticed water under the sink from the faucet . I immediately called Danze customer service and they diagnosed the problem as a faulty ceramic cartridge . I also requested and Danze provided new hot and cold water supply line copper pipes . I received only the supply lines and replaced them which required totally removing and reinstalling the faucet . I had to remove the washers from my existing supply lines and put them onto the new supply lines . It still leaked . I again called Danze customer service . I advised them of the continuing leak and the non receipt of the ceramic cartridge replacement . They sent the cartridge and a trim piece that was likely to be damaged in installing the cartridge to me by one day delivery . I installed the new cartridge which , thankfully , did not require removal of the faucet . The faucet still leaked . I called customer service for the third time and was told that `` Sometimes faucets like cars can turn out to be lemons '' . Danze sent me a new faucet . I removed the faulty leaking faucet and installed the new faucet today . The new faucet appears to bend to the right slightly which was not an issue with the first one . After installing it , I tested for leaks . When testing for leaks , I found that the hot and cold lines appeared to be crossed . I assumed I had improperly placed the supply lines into the wrong inputs . To repair this problem required completely removing the faucet -LRB- for now the third time -RRB- . When I removed the faucet I was astonished to see that the mistake was not mine . Rather the hot and cold inputs had been mislabeled and reversed on the faucet by Danze which caused at least another hour of aggravation . I reinstalled the faucet and retested for leaks . So far -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- , the leak problem appears to be gone although there has n't been enough time elapsed to categorically affirm that the problem has been fixed.On the positive side , the faucet , even with the slight bend is beautiful . I also found Danze customer service to be very helpful and responsive despite the original short shipment.On the negative side , Danze quality control needs to ensure that the faucets they sell are reliable . Danze is a premium brand and , as such , its products should exhibit premium quality . I have purchased and installed a great number of faucets from various manufacturers and I have never encountered the problems that I did with this Danze faucet . While it is indeed possible that I got the one `` lemon '' in Danze 's product line , my experience was not positive . Not only was the first faucet faulty , the second one had the input valves mislabeled .
 The upsides
 Bought this thinking that a high price faucet would be made of high quality parts , was I wrong . This unit is only 2 months old ! 1 . Spray head will not stay in the slot , keeps falling out .2 . Handle comes loose and falls off
 I have been a plumber for 30 + years mostly in the SF Bay area I purchased a Danze tub & shower faucet -LRB- fortunately for my own home . -RRB- It lasted a few months , the splines on the handle stripped . I still had the box so I looked for a model # it was then I saw those 3 dreaded words `` MADE IN CHINA '' why waste energy & time to produce useless junk when its just as easy to do it right . I made the repair and 2 months later it started to drip , like I say , unfortunately , it was for my home so I do n't get a call from one of my customers . Now I have to open my tile wall to replace this junk.I have since talked to some other local plumbers and they had similar problems .
 Cadet # 67507 2000W Wall Fan HeaterPlenty of heat , wish the forced air fan was bigger . If I were to buy one again I think I would have gone with the next size bigger from Cadet . I have one in my family room and love it , this one just does n't blow the hot air . I worry about it over-heating .
 NEVER order from this company Kathy & Dennys THREE TIMES I gave them the right address THREE TIMES they mailed it to the wrong one . NOT even the right state . As far as heater goes who knows never got it ...
 I have Cadet wall heaters in my apartment . One of these 2000 watt units in the living room , two 1000 watt units in the 2 bedrooms.As far as I can tell , the thermostats are useless . Just as an example : I have one of the 1000 watt units turned on in my bedroom right now . The room is 68-69 degrees . If you turn the thermostat all the way down to shut the heater off , and then turn it up until the heater turns on , it turns on at about 62 degrees . If you then turn it down until the heater goes off , it turns off at about 54 degrees.That 's an 8 degree swing . And the setpoints are WAY off from the actual temperature in the room.I do n't understand why I do n't see a lot of complaints on the internet about this kind of heater . I do n't think it 's just Cadet , I think it 's the particular type of thermostat , no matter who the manufacturer . I believe these are what are called `` bimetallic '' thermostats . As far as I can tell they are utterly useless . All they are good for is as an on off switch.At least that is my opinion based on my own experience . If I 'm missing something , someone please point it out to me.Has anyone ever been actually able to control the temperature within a reasonable range with these ? If so please speak up and explain how you were able to do so .
 It is kind off my own fault - the title clearly states 1/2 pint . But I was looking for a normal size paint container and it looks from the picture that it is normal size . Instead it is a tiny can
 Bought this to remove a stripped screw from a television circuit board . Did n't work at all . Save your money or look for another set .
 For a product that is designed for extracting tough screws , it 's bound to experience some firm gripping.After successfully extracting a single screw , I found the blue had rubbed off on my hands . Strange design choice , to say the least.I may use these again if I absolutely need to , but they are certainly not my first choice from my kit.Pros : - They do work , for the most part - Made in USACons : - The blue easily rubs off onto your hands - Plastic back ends - Cheap storage pouch
 Bought this to use on laptops and other electronics ... . Failed the first time I had a stripped screw ... made it even worse . Also , the metal is very cheap . I saw that it was made in USA but I seriously doubt it . Looks like Chinese metal . Do n't waste your money !
 I really wanted to remove two stripped screws from the interior of my Macbook Pro . Unfortunately after significant effort the Moody tool set did not work . Your mileage may vary . These will not work for every stripped screw . I had bad luck I guess.The screw bits are well manufactured and seem like they will last for as long as you need them . However , the blue handles are extremely bad . First of all they are too thin to get any grip . Second of all they leave a nasty blue paint stain on your skin . At least they were made in the USA , so it 's hopefully not Chinese lead paint , but who knows . Also the metal clips are super annoying and get in the way so I took them off.Overall , I am pretty disappointed in this toolset . For me , this was a waste of twenty bucks . For you , it might not be . Who knows . Best of luck.PS . Apple is partly to blame for using screws made out of such soft metal !
 I believe the header says it all , just pure garbage , didnt worl at all , and impossable to see the unmarked tips or which one was the screwdriver
 If you have a stuck screw , and it did not come out with APPROPRIATELY sized screw driver , so that you stripped it , there is NO WAY these flimsy things will help you ! The extractors are just 4 triangular tips , which are sharp , initially , but become dull , or deform right away when you try to get the stubborn screw out , and need to apply some force on the tool to bite.Those , for whom this worked , likely did not have right screw drivers in the first place.If you got a screw which is already stripped , and you have no idea as to why , well , maybe then this will work . But I would try a proper screw drver first , as it will bite in better than this.On the positive , screw drivers in the set are good , and their sizes for some reasons are slightly different than the ones in my main microscrewdriver set . So they might come in handy one day for another tough case .
 bought this tool to extract the stripped screw of my Honda remote entry FOB . Did n't work for that purpose at all . Eventually I had to drill the screw out and damaged the thread . The tool was not designed as a screw extractor -LRB- i.e. a reverse drill bit type design -RRB- . Unless the screw is made of really soft material , this tool will not work . I gave it two starts because the included two screw driver are of good quality . But that 's not what I paid for .
 I bought this to work on removing a knife handle panel . The screw driver broke soon as i started to use it . The screw extractor did not work . It was money wasted !
 I bought these with the intent to remove a few small screws imbedded in a guitar head-stock . The heads had broken off , and the top of the screws were just below surface level . After receiving the tools in the mail , I tried every way imaginable to use them , but the screws would n't budge . Luckily , the seller was kind enough to refund my money . Do n't waste your time with these unless you like to waste cash on stuff that does n't work .
 I bought this set to try to extract a stripped out screw - unfortunately , it just stripped it out further!Also , not impressed with the ergonomics - extremely uncomfortable to hold in the hand , especially with the clip .
 First off , they seem well made , and the blue color is very nice and the screwdrivers are great , but these screw extractors will not work to remove a broken tuner screw in a a guitar headstock . The business end of the extractor is a hollow tube machined with tiny teeth , they go dull almost immediately when you use them , they wo n't bite in enough to get a grip on the metal to back the screw out , the tool material is just not hard enough . All in all a very disappointing tool . I read the other review from someone with a similar guitar screw problem , still thought it was worth giving it a try , but as the other review said , these do n't work for that . If your problem is a broken tuner screw , find another solution , maybe a left handed 1.5 or 2mm drill bit is the ticket , but this is n't , I 'm still looking for a solution .
 I like the different miniature screw drivers . But main reason I bought this was to extract a badly stripped screw head from my laptop . Unfortunately using the screw extractor did not work for me at all , if anything made it worse . I ended up having to use a power drill with small tip which helped .
 Bought this set to take out a series of screws in a nvidea graphics card to install a liquid cooling system . Not only did the screw driver help strip the screws , the ` stripped screw extractor heads ' BECAME STRIPPED FROM THE STRIPPED SCREW HEADS . This product is a complete joke for any amount of money . I highly urge customers to NOT buy this product and to consider the other review higher than a 1 star a marketing sham .
 Really , I mean really ! wanted these clever devices to work . They did not work in my application - repair of an iPhone.Problem
 These screw extractors ended up stripping the screws in my macbook pro further . Maybe I need more practice ...
 I bought this to remove a stripped out screw from a laptop . With the good reviews it had , I was very surprised that the screw extractors did n't remove the screw . Talk about a waste of $ 20 !
 I purchased this item because it was described as a laptop stripped screw extractor kit . It failed to do anything at all . I have a stripped screw in my laptop that I was trying to remove , and it did no better than a regular screw driver . I 'm very disappointed . It unscrewed the screws that were barely stripped , but those screws can be unscrewed just fine with the average screwdriver . What makes this product so special ? My ACTUAL stripped screw remains in my laptop unscathed and I will continue searching for a solution . If you have an ACTUAL stripped screw , this is not your answer and you 'll only be wasting your money . I suggest you look elsewhere .
 does not work for me i had some stripped screws on a cell phone and did not work at all and this was the only reason for purchasing this product.guess will just have to drill it out
 The bags hang high on the belt , the big tape holder gets in the way of slipping your tools back into the tool holders , so you end up with a jumbled mess of tools in the bag and it 's hard to find them because the bags are high on the hip . There are better options , these bags make my work slower . you want to be able to pick things out and put them back by feel , not having to look , hard to do with these bags . McRose is way to go .
 It is kind off my own fault - the title clearly states 1/2 pint . But I was looking for a normal size paint container and it looks from the picture that it is normal size . Instead it is a tiny can
 The motor burned out after only 4 months of use . Expected much more from DeWalt .
 Harry homeowner might be fine with this saw , but as a cabinet shop we are not . The fence design is such that it will not stay square over time with heavy use . Both sides are molded out of the same piece , so there is no re-adjusting when the whole thing bends over time . After many bad experiences , I am finally done buying anymore yellow tools .
 I had high hopes for this saw ... but ended up very disappointed.I purchased it for finish carpentry including trim work and shelves -LRB- for now -RRB- . I want accuracy in my cuts . There is no point in buying a dedicated tool for cross-cuts if it does n't do it pretty darn perfectly.I got the Dewalt stand and the LED light accessory , plus an extra very high quality blade . I really like the stand , and the LED light is amazing with the shadow of the blade so you see exactly where the cut is going to be . It 's much more accurate than laser and adjustment-free . I ca n't find anything else on the positive side.Now for the negatives
 Very disappointed . I pulled it out of the box and the first thing I did was check the table . The center table -LRB- the round part that moves -RRB- sits about .025 '' below the fixed outer tables and is slightly askew . Without a flat table , it 's impossible to set the bevel to be 90 degrees on each side of the blade . I exchanged it for a new saw and just opened it -- exact same problem . I 'm returning it this time and will look into other saws.I will add that Amazon is very easy to deal with when there is a product issue .
 The DW716 miter saw I purchased meets all my expectations and was just the item I was looking for . The only disapointment is the blade that was sent with thew saw . It does n't make clean cuts when mitering trim and splinters the wood making trim cuts unacceptable . I had to replace trhe blade with on I had just to make clean cuts .
 Great product . It looks good , works great and has a nice long cable.However , this shipper does not include the value of the goods on his shipping invoice . This cause me to pay extra taxes when I shipped it to Trinidad .
 Worked OK for a week , although the light output seemed to be cut in half . Then it stopped coming on at dark , even if I waited until midnight . Had to manually turn on - it did turn off itself in the morning .
 All of the bricks were broken into at least a couple of pieces . I returned them and did not reorder so I ca n't comment on how well they work . I wonder how they managed to break five tightly packed bricks into so many pieces ?
 Maybe I got a bad one , but this little thing stripped the first time I tried to use it with a socket wrench . It also stripped the Torx Bolt . now I have to get the bolt removed professionally .
 I was very excited about the simplicity of the idea . I purchased two from Home Depot . I mounted one in the porch light and one in the lamp attached outside the garage . Then evening came and neighbors rang the doorbell at dusk . They thought that the alarm system went off because both lights were flickering like hell !
 Does not work properly . Tried different bulbs etc. . Lots of flickering . I would NOT recommend .
 As I stated in my other review this is a great idea but it did n't work , this one only worked 1 day .
 Complete piece of junk - fell apart immediately and we had to glue it back together . Works -LRB- for now -RRB- but I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I ordered 2 of these one for our garage door and one for my mother in laws . Both arrived with the contacts broken off . The packaging was totally intact which leads me to believe they were shipped broken .
 Hi all Sorry to say like another reviewer this items is poorly made there is something wrong with the plastic if you do anything with the contact tabs they break off in your hands . Im trying to get my money back
 When theres a problem amazon and prime line product are no where to be found . they dont reply to my reviews only to sell me more things not to find out why i have not recived the first item . POOR SERVICE
 Put it on / let it set for several months before I used it and now it does not come on so ?? have to try to figure out if I can get it replaced or what to do ???
 I had been wanting this laser alignment sight for some time thinking it would be a real aid for faster precise cutting . I now wish I had not wasted the money . Installation was pretty simple , but I was not able to calibrate the beams . After several attempts on several days with about 5 hours wasted , I gave up . Measure twice and cut once is the golden rule . I would also say align twice and cut once before trusting that beam ! Save your money for something more useful .
 Calibration is impossible when installed on a DW713 ? Too much time spent before I gave up and decided to return . Thanks for the aggravation DeWalt .
 This is a useless item . Only works on one side of the blade , left or right , you choose . Needs constant adjustment so it ca n't be trusted . The laser line obscures the pencil line and is too wide for accurate work . A waste of money !
 After purchising this item I installed it on my DW718 Type 1 saw , only to find that I could not adjust it . The adjustment screws move the lazer beam , but not enough to get the lazer beam to the cut line ...
 The laser does not stay aligned from cut to cut , mainly in the left to right adjustment . Laser line seems thicker than it should be as well .
 After I installed it I pulled the saw down and the Laser housing was rubbing against the plastic guard -LRB- Brand new , never used DW-716 and brand new laser -RRB- . I called Dewalt and they told me to bring it in to a service center . Instead , I added spacers -LRB- washers -RRB- under the guard screws and now the laser clears during use.As far as Amazon , the order was filled and shipped quickly ... as usual.P.S . - I was going to buy the light attachment but ...
 I purchased this after I bought my saw ; love the saw but this laser is junk . I had no problems mounting it and it turns on okay but it 's very difficult to align and once you start cutting it moves out of alignment . I plan on taking my saw with the laser mounted to the Dewalt service center 20 minutes away to see if they can get it aligned properly where it will stay or possibly replace it . I 've had it too long to get my money back . Most of my power tools are Dewalt and I 'm very surprised that this is basically worthless .
 The laser itself seems to function properly , but it 's a pain to install . Once you do , it takes forever to get the laser in alignment . Once you get THAT far , the laser moves once you make a cut or two . I guess the vibration of the saw causes that.Considering that I only use the saw for `` around the house '' projects occasionally , I have found it to be much easier to use the saw without the frustration of this product.Good luck !
 I had a choice of what to get with my saw ... I , unfortunately , chose this thing.First , install is annoying.Second , adjusting is annoying.Third , the laser moves when you drop the blade . So ... you have to set the lazer with the blade raised.The laser just sits there on my saw . I do n't ever use it . Speed square and pencil for the win !
 Just use a scrap piece of plywood , mdf , etc for the fence . The saw has screw opennings on the sliding metal fence to attach the sacraficial fence onto . Trim the wood fence before using . You now know EXACTLY where the blade will fall . When changing the setup , slide the adjustable fence and trim the wood fence again.It 's a great way to use your scrap wood.ITS THAT EASY
 Kit came with instructions that were not straight forward . The installation was very easy , but I could never get it to align properly so I can not use the Laser System at all . I 'll give it another shot when I am not real busy and can mess with the thing but between the two adjustment knobs and lack of trouble shooting instructions I could not get it to align properly with the intended cut .
 Just bought a second miter saw and picked it out because it worked with this laser . My miter saw says it 's a DW715 but does n't have the mounts on the guard to accept the laser screws . Got the saw from Lowes . DeWalt changed the model or should I say cheapened the model but did n't change the model number . What 's up with this DeWalt ?????????
 I own several DeWalt products because I found them to be above average in design and quality . The Laser System for the DeWalt Miter Saw is an exception however . The DeWalt laser guide casts a fairly crisp red line , but the mechanism used to adjust the laser line is not adequate and in the best of conditions it casts a line that moves as the saw is brought down to cut . If you want a precision cut , you still have to align BY EYE the saw blade with your layout line on the wood . The laser line is not a trusted indicator of the cutting spot as it can not be adjusted to indicate the same spot from saw blade upper position -LRB- at rest -RRB- to a lowered position to cut . During this saw blade travel , the laser line creeps from left to right , or right to left . For less demanding work , such as framing a house , the laser guide may be okay . For precise cutting , such as for picture frames , or furniture making , the DeWalt Laser System is a cute add-on that wo n't be used after the cuteness wares off . DeWalt must not hold their accessory designers to the same high standards as their tool designers . Too bad .
 This product was a big dissapointment . The laser installed fairly easily after reading the instructions , but then was a pain to adjust . After I finally adjusted the laser I found that the line it projected was very thick and that is not adjustable . After a couple of cuts it was back out of alignment . This Item is just not up to par with the rest of the saw which I am very pleased with .
 Wow . DeWalt has really let me down this time . I paid $ 600 for the 718 saw , which came with a cracked base the first time , brought it back , then the 2nd one has poor plating , ugh . i thought that the laser would at least not let me down . I was so wrong . It wasnt so bad to attach to the saw , but after aligning the parallel & perpendicular axis , i discovered that you ca n't get the kerf line to fall visibly on the cut line , its off by 1/16 '' or more . I tried it on both side of the blade , the left was worse than the right , but both sides dont allow you to be accurate with the side of the blade . This is because the laser is mounted above the blade , so the blade blocks the laser from falling on the cut line , you can get a very dim amount of the line to fal about 1/32 '' from the cut , still not acceptable for $ 70 . Also the laser shakes and moves when you make adjustments , and I have no doubt that it will require constant re-alining during work use . A real disappointment .
 I have years of experience with dewalt miter saws and have kept returning to them after much success . I have seen laser systems before and thought they were a gimick . Since this one carried the dewalt name I thought that it would be professional grade . This is not the case the laser leaves a fat line that is not fine enough for trim and cabinetry work . The laser was easy to put on , but took some time to adjust . After I had it sighted in I found that the line it projects completly covered my pencil line on the board . This attachment is not meant for professionals
 Laser works awesome as long as you only want to cut on left side of blade.If you want to cut on the right side you have to completely readjust the laser . Unfortunately by the time you turn the adjuster 9 turns to move to the other side of the blade there is no more spring tension on the screw . The screw almost comes out of the threads . Personally , when I cut trim I usually make one cut on the left and then one cut on the right . Left , right , left , right and so on . This attachment looks cool on your saw but that 's about all it does . Amasingly poor engineering . Two thumbs down .
 Before you buy this product , I would advise carefully examining your DeWalt saw beforehand -LRB- mine is the DW715 -RRB- to make sure that the pigtail switch wires that engage with the laser unit are long enough to make the connections . I did not have this luxury as I bought both items from Amazon and the laser unit arrived 2-1/2 weeks before the saw.Despite what the DeWalt video for installation shows -LRB- and the incompletely written installation guide implies -RRB- , it was nearly impossible to connect the unit to the saw because one the pigtails -LRB- the black tipped one -RRB- that comes out of the saw was only 1-1/2 '' long total -LRB- including the plastic connector -RRB- . Unfortunately , this needs to be at least 1/2 '' longer in order to minimally engage the laser switch unit and provide enough slack to manipulate the laser housing . As supplied , the connection can only be completed blind , and then the second problem becomes evident.DeWalt does not specify in the instruction manual or the video how this short 2 wire system should be oriented , although a careful eximination of the wire unit leads one to believe that it must be positioned so a tab will engage the connector and lock it in place , but it does not . So , even as the blind connection is -LRB- just barely -RRB- made , the connector will not snap into place , and as soon as the switch housing is manipulated to connect the second wire connector set , the unsecured first connector falls out . This happened at least two dozen times before I quit in disgust -LRB- in total I spent at least 3 hours trying to make this connection -RRB- . In truth , the quality control problem is shared by both the saw and the laser unit . One -RRB- , the pigtail from the saw is way too short to provide enough slack to connect properly to the laser unit , and , two -RRB- , the connector on the laser unit is poorly designed to engage the wire securely.I own many DeWalt tools , and have always found them to be of excellent quality . For this reason , I intend to keep the saw , since it can be used without the laser , although not as easily as it could be -LRB- the curse of bi-focals ! -RRB- . But , the laser unit is going back to Amazon , since it can not be connected.I have to say that this experience has soured my opinion of DeWalt tools and their quality control , and I will be looking more closely at alternative products in the future before making a purchase .
 My DeWalt 716 is a fairly good saw , but a laser is really needed to avoid `` trial and error '' cutting . So , I bought the laser to aid in cutting siding for my home . If you are planning to use this laser outdoors , do n't bother unless you work after sunset or on VERY cloudy days . On even `` cloudy bright '' days , the laser line is not visible . In bright sunshine , you ca n't even tell if the laser is `` on '' . I never gave this a thought before I purchased the laser . I guess I 'll keep it for use indoors after the siding job is done . Setup was kind of a pain , too . The wires were difficult to connect and place in the recess provided . Accuracy seems fair to good , but the alignment screws seem too loose and prone to vibrating out of adjustment . All in all , pretty disappointing , and I certainly would n't call this item `` heavy duty '' . If I ever buy another miter saw , I think I will look at Makita .
 I bought this laser along with Dewalts 12 inch double bevel miter saw . Attaching it is easy and alignment was n't too bad once you figure out how the set screws work . The laser is fairly bright but also wide , maybe 1/32 . It is also hard to keep aligned . Everytime I move the saw the laser seems to be off a bit . If you keep all of you cuts to one side of the laser it works okay , but remember to check alignment during the work day , even the vibration from the saw causes it to wander a bit . Save your money and buy a decent blade .
 So you had to dig into the site quite deeply to find the video . Hmmmm ... but you do n't have the courtesy to provide the link ... nice ... z
 This item would be a great item but it did not fit my saw . Keep in mind that they list a few DeWalt products that it fits . Because I was in a hurry to put a Laser System on my saw I did not read all of the outside notes . So what every you do before you order check your saw and make sure that the item will fit . I wish that it would have worked on mine . John Toomer
 High price , low performance . If you want a `` general '' idea of where the cut is going to be , then waste the 70 bucks for it . The problem is that when you adjust it to get close enough to the actual cut made by the blade , the teeth on the blade get in the way and cuts the light output of the laser by 75 % or so . Although I only used it to make about 3 cuts before becoming frustrated enough to take it back off , I could imagine that the laser could easily be vibrated out of alignment just because the adjustment screws did n't seem to be very taught . Charge me an extra $ 70 bucks for the saw and make one with the laser already attached . Three cuts and back to the store it goes .
 I wish I would have read more of the reviews before I purchased my laser from the local home improvement center . As previously stated the laser projection is too thick , you need to recalibrate it just about every time you change the angle , definitely every time you pick it up or move it , and now that I have it set up in my shop it seems as if just about once or twice a week I recalibrate it . I have gone so far as to just leave it off and eye ball the cut , tried and true method!It really is a shame that this product is n't as great as it should be . I thought I just had a defective unit , but no , it really sucks!I wanted to try the IRWIN laser that mounts directly to the blade shaft , although after speaking with a friend I heard that one is just as good as this one.Save your money . Use your eyes !
 If you plan to use this in rough-in contruction or deck building and like to work fast , it might work well for you . Otherwise , skip it , especially at sixty plus dollars .
 I purchased this unit and found it hard to setup correctly . Trying to get all of the adjustments just right was a pain . As the blade moves down , the laser line moves as well . I have n't used the saw a lot , but so far I ca n't detect that it has gotten out of alignment.This only works well if you make cuts with the same side of the saw . If you flip pieces around a lot then you wo n't be using the laser half the time so why bother at all?I wo n't be returning it , but neither am I totally happy .
 I would describe the laser as a device that was intended to be installed in the factory . Plugging in the connectors was very difficult ; placing the connected plugs in the right spaces was very difficult ; the adjustments of the laser are confusing . I had to use needle-nose pliers to twist the power supply connectors into a position that would allow me to press the power supply into place . I 've read the instructions and tried to adjust the laser , but it 's not easy at all to get the line to come down parallel to the saw blade . Part of the problem is that some adjustments are made with the blade down , but most are made with the blade up.My initial reaction on installing it is that it 's not an improvement over lining up the cut by eye . Hopefully my opinion will improve once I 've managed to properly adjust the laser . I imagine the laser is really intended for cutting moulding , which would be difficult to line up by eye .
 Not difficult to adjust , once you practice a little . But the laser wo n't STAY adjusted ! All it takes to throw it out of line is a little semi-rough handling of the saw . Every time I move the saw or put it away the laser is useless the next time I use it unless I adjust it again.There 's a lot of potential here , but if it wo n't stay stable , that pretty much blows the entire value . It 's hard to justify 2 or more stars when you 're not getting any use at all out of the product.I really have no idea why they gave it `` soft '' adjustments with set screws working against springs -- should n't it be tight two-way set screws that wo n't move except when you turn them ? And no springs ? Honestly , this laser goes out of adjustment if you so much as slap it on the side with your hand . Case closed .
 Although it is stated that this item works with the DW715 , DW716 , etc. . Dewalt has different types -LRB- Type 1 , Type 2 , etc -RRB- . This item is compatible ONLY with type 1 and type 2 of the various models per the Dewalt website and their customer service . `` Designed exclusively for use on type 1 and type 2 designs of these saws DW713 , DW715 , DW716 , DW717 and DW718 DEWALT miter saws and will not fit any other DEWALT miter saw or any other miter saw brand '' . I purchased this DW7187 along with the DW715 and DWX723 stand as a kit only to discover that the DW7187 would not work with the DW715 due to not being a type 1 or 2 . Make sure which type you have before purchasing . There should be a `` dummy '' cover on the handle which will need to be removed to attach the laser .
 Wish I had read these reviews before I wasted my money on this tool.Everything that people are saying on here about how difficult it is to get this laser to align is true.And then when you think you have it - it goes out of alignment almost immediately.It 's bad design !! The set springs are not strong enough to hold the laser in place against vibration and movement.Just with the touch of my finger on the G , F , screws the line was moving 1/16 '' !!! Also , it 's position , directly above the saw blade , makes it impossible to align it exactly on the kerf.Ideally , it should be mounted in front far enough forward and horizontal to the arbor where it can shoot down along the saw blades center and to a point on the tangent of the blade 's circle.Then it would not have to be `` adjustable '' . Or keep it mounted where it is , and shoot a wide laser down the blade and where it 's not lit - is the where the saw will cut - that also would show how wide the kerf is.Really , a paint roller and a blind person could cut better than this inaccurate tool .
 This is a very hard laser to adjust . It took me a lot of time to get it to line up while the blade was in the up position and to keep lined up as it came down for the cut . My old Sears laser saw does a better job and cme with the saw . For this price , you would think that they could at least engineer the thing so that it lines up without all the fooling around . At the very least , there should be better instructions , step by step . This is not what I 've come to expect from Dewalt . I 'm sorry to say that this experience caused me to buy my next power tool from another manufacturer .
 I did n't have trouble installing this unit -LRB- I 'm used to cramming wires into small spaces -RRB- but adjusting it was a pain , and I was never able to get it aligned within 1/32 '' . I suppose that it might be convenient for rough cuts , such as house framing . My advice is to save your money . There are more effective methods to line up your cuts.I still use it as a safety feature ; I check before cutting if the red line is near my hand.UPDATE
 I purchased this item because I thought it would provide superior performance to some cheaper alternatives since it was made specifically for the saw purchased . I have found it difficult to calibrate and impossible to maintain in calibration for more than a few cuts - I would not recommend it at all . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This laser it poorly designed and functions even worse . It is a pain to get adjusted , it marks only one side of the cut , and it comes out of adjustment quickly . I talked to another handyman who had one and he commented `` it ai n't worth a damn . '' Exactly my sentiment . Save your money .
 this is the worst tool addition i have ever owned . you adjust the beam and make a cut then it moves on you again . finally when you think you have it down it is not accurate worst dewalt tool i have ever owned . will try the new led light instead if reviews are better than this otherwise ill stick to the old fashion way .
 You have not used a Makita Miter saw , no tools needed , laser line . This is even worse than the new DeWalt saws `` 71 . 's '' line up it goes onto . I have a dw706 , great saw , a tank in build , I am not a DeWalt hater . I own many of their tools.I bought several 718 's and 716 's and all went back w. the laser attm . which is also a pain to install.It simply is not consistently accurate and you need to use an allen to move the kerf line and this also changes the other axis too . The plastic is cheap quality and the case begins to crack with the constant adjusting . You can see the line wobble with the adjustment b/c the case is made so poorly.When I did get it close , the line hits the blade plane , and you can not see it on the work piece . Again what a pain.My Makita ls1013l , no installing , factory placed , accurate , loosened BY hand a knob , slide over , now you are on the other side of the kerf without any changes in the axis . What could be easier . The line is right on either side of the blade within seconds.This product looks like an after thought add on and is not excuted very well . I guess it is a match for the saws it goes on . I will be keeping my older , made in USA DW706 for a long time .
 About 90 % of all my tools are Dewalt , so needless to say I 'm a pretty big fan ... But this laser is straight junk ... Very hard to adjust and it does n't stay true ... Also you laser line will move as you are coming down to cut your material ... To bad I ca n't at least use it as a coat hanger ... Do n't waste your money ...
 Tried this on about ten empty 1 pound bottles . Decided after the first few , when they did n't seem to be gaining any weight , to actually put them on an electronic scale . One gained 4 oz . after leaving it hooked up and holding the 20lb tank up-side-down for five minutes . Most gained an ounce or two . Totally unacceptable . Total waste of time and money.And if I have to start puting up vacuum pumps and things in a refrigerator to make this work - get serioius .
 EDITED REVIEW : This thing is currently being sold to refill propane cylinders - not so when I bought it . Then it was advertised to attach a cylinder to your grill . See discussion below . This review is for the use they sold it to me for , not whatever it is now.REVIEW : I think this thing needs an off valve . Every time I have tried it , the sudden pressure from the cylinder froze up my bbq . When it eventually thawed , it worked , but as a steak saver , it did n't serve the purpose , because that took 30-45 mins .
 I bought and used this thing . Not only is it dangerous to use -LRB- no shut off -RRB- It only fills a one lb bottle , maybe half way with a full 20 # can . save your money
 It works but u cant put enough gas back in the bottle to last . feels like about 1/2 of what a regular tank has . Would not tell anyone to use it
 I bought the unit figuring that I would attach my 20 pound propane tank to the 1 pound canister and open the valve and that the pressure differential between the two would result in the one pound canister filling up to one pound , but after a few seconds of gas moving from one to the other it stops and only about .25 pounds of propane moves into the smaller container . I 'd say it 's not worth the money or time and I 'll just buy new one pounders when I need them .
 The D.O.T. forbids the transportation of refilled disposable bottles . So you have to fill them where you use them and hopefully blow only yourself up . Walmart sells the full bottles 2 for $ 4 .
 I gave this thing 2 stars because it does work.I bought one of these several years ago . It does not matter who made the one that you have . These adapters are all the same . You take your 1 lb empty bottles and chill them in a refrigerator or freezer . Why ? Because the propane will run down into a cold space from a warmer larger tank better . Attach this adapter to your 1 lb tank , then attach the other end to your larger tank . Then invert the whole thing and open the valve on the larger tank . The propane will run down into the smaller tank.Any air or gas inside your 1 lb tanks will be trapped there . There is no gas release on this system.I found the whole process to take more time and be more work then it was worth . I simply buy some 1 lb tanks at Walmart .
 Only refilled tanks about half way and also caused some of them to leak . Its cheaper and more cost effective to just buy new bottles
 Did not purchase the unit - Went elsewhere . Descripton at the top says `` 2 X 3 '' 's but down below it says 5 X 5 -LRB- inches implied -RRB- . What are the dimensions ?? WENT ELSEWHERE TO BUY 4 OF THE UNITS !!
 I purchased this item to install a seat belt extender . while the socket arrived quickly and fit the bolt perfectly the material is just not rated for a strong bolt . when trying to remove the bolt the tip broke clean off .
 one bit broke after using it about 3 times . another broke on the very first use . junk . i do n't know what they are made from , but they are weak .
 I grew up in my father 's gas station in the early 70s and remember seeing his mechanics using Lisle tools all the time . I also remember seeing them at the NAPA store and knowing they had to be top quality . 40 years later and times have changed . I bought this set so I could remove the bolts holding the gas tank in my car . The sockets are not forged , but pressed together out of 4 pieces of metal . Looking into the drive end of the sockets you can see the gaps between the separate chunks of steel . You can not put much torque on these cheap sockets or they will fall apart like a cheap watch .
 I purchased multiples and the damn things never made it through one project . All of them were broken or twisted before the first job was done .
 Low quality , this torx bit sheared instantly while trying to remove a suspension bolt . I do not recommend for any serious work . It might work fine on a low torque bolt .
 Got to say , looking for something better than what is at the local shops , and did a brake job and ended up shattering both torx bits i ordered from lisle . Both fell apart when any pressure was put on . Crazy . Would highly
 i bought this because it is foldable , and more easily stowed than my peltor h9a ear muffs -LRB- $ 14 -RRB- , which do not fold.even though this milwaukee ear muff is rated at 28 db noise reduction , it lets in a lot more sound than the lower rated peltor ear muffs -LRB- 25db -RRB- . and even though this ear muff is called `` heavy duty '' , it is anything but heavy duty . it is weak sauce , cheap plastic , poorly molded , made in mexico.so if you only need this for light use and light volume , it 's ok for the price . otherwise , do n't waste your money on this and go for the peltor ear muffs .
 First , there 's nothing -- zero -- `` Milwaukee '' about these except the external retail repackaging . These are just Mexican-made `` Howard Leight Hearing Protection '' product.These are typical sub - $ 10 units , though they do a decent job of actually blocking sound and are reasonably comfortable for me . The quality is poor , however . The crude headband length adjustment goes from much too tight to much too loose very quickly and the cheap plastic of the earpads quickly starts to degrade and harden after exposure to body oils . The pads are glued to the cups and this glue also begins to lose its grip very soon in prolonged use.I have hyperacusis and wear hearing protectors for many hours at a time every day . These simply do not hold up . If you only use hearing protectors occasionally and for very brief periods , these may be entirely adequate for your purposes , but they are in no way professional grade units for daily extended use in noisy environments .
 These Milwaukee muffs are cheap things . I bought a pair about a year ago , but they turned brittle and were never very comfortable . I also found they are n't very good - they are okay . I did n't expect a lot for the price , but a few months ago I purchased a pair of Peltor H10A muffs for just about $ 10.00 more , and boy were they worth it ! They 're much better made , better looking , more comfortable , and reduce noise levels more . Now I really regret the time I spent with Milwaukee muffs . They 're just not worth it .
 I love solor lights in my garden and love butterflies . I ordered this and it seemed solidily made , but it did n't stand up to the strong winds out here in the desert . Both wings broke off so now I just have a body that still lights up . The company needs to make the wings a little bit more durable for water -LRB- between rain and the spriklers hitting it -RRB- along with the wind , the metal for the wings just did n't hold up . Product needs improvement .
 This water `` tester '' can not distinguish what 's in the water . It will barely give you a reading . If one is using distilled water -- which is the water I drink and use for cooking -- this tester will give a reading of ZERO particles . Aside of distilled water , everything else will get a reading of 120 or more . There are much better products out there that will give precise information not only concerning percentages but also giving on the contents in our water.I tested distilled water , filtered water and tap water . According to this `` tester '' the filtered water in our shower got the same reading as the water coming from the tap . I do not need this tester to tell me distilled water is 100 % pure because I know that already .
 The product came with in the time allowed . It really did n't do what I needed it to . I am not happy with it . Nothing against who I bought it from .
 The only tips available for this iron are very blunt and not as good for stained glass work as the longer beveled ones I am used to . The chisel portion of the tip is about 1/4 inch long , they have about a 45 degree angle . I prefer the tips with 1/2 inch taper length . The barrel of the tips that go into the iron is 3/8 inch wide in diameter and over 1.5 inch long . Most tips have a smaller diameter and a shorter insertion length limiting the selection I have found to the three blunt chisel tips from Weller . They do not offer a screwdriver tip which in Weller speak appears to have the bevel length I prefer . I also like a tip that is less wide than the two they provide.Perhaps you can get used to them , but it feels very clumsy for detailed stained glass work .
 lasted about 3 hours ... burnt out ! crappy ! ca n't figure out how to get my money back ... . ca n't say anything else without getting aggravated
 This iron is shown with two tips , but it only comes with one , very deceiving , I 'm returning mine . Amazon is doing this to often lately , what 's going on , I think they are getting to big , american shame ...
 They were too large for my work . I called the company and spoke to someone , KC , said she would get back to me but never did . i have to return this product .
 It 's made in Taiwan and it 's cheap so do n't expect that gorgeous Snap-On or Craftsman polish and fit . Still , though , for breaking loose or tightening that nut on the P trap under the sink there 's nothing else out there quite like this . It 's light , fits well , is much less cumbersome and light than a 15 inch adjustable wrench or pipe wrench . You pop this little sucker on and give it just a push and the nut is loose enough for you to run it right off by hand . Channellocks work too , but they 're long and can be a bit of a pain in a tight space . For this one particular job this thing works really well . ____________________________________________________________________________ Sorry , changed my rating from four stars to two stars . The more I use this thing the less I like it . First , it 's very tough to get it adjusted to the right size . When you snug down the wingnut it shifts the wrench jaws a significant amount . You actually have to overadjust or underadjust and then hope with wingnut shift puts it right . If the nut is on there tight this really does n't give you enough length to break it loose . Having worked with this for a bit it does serve a purpose , but I reach for my Channellocks and my 15 inch adjustable wrench more than I reach for these .
 I purchased this wrench for a 3 '' nut on a packing gland assembly , At 3 inches the jaws do n't get a good grip to torque the nut properly . Had to revert back to the groove lock pliers .
 This is really quite poorly made , there is so much slop in the mechanisms that it is virtually impossible to get it adjusted to a proper snug fit that wo n't round the corners on the nut . Tightening the lock nut alters the width of the jaws making it a real PITA . If you can find a better made one that is n't too much more spend the extra cash . You can either spend the extra money when you buy the tool , or you can put it in your swear jar after you buy this .
 Got the job done but these brackets would be better if they were an inch or two longer . But most importantly they need to wrap around the legs . Simple tabs to the backside of very thin metal bend too easily resulting in a weak saw horse .
 I bought two pairs of these to make a couple of saw horses . The resulting saw horses are unstable because they will fall apart with little force.The 2x4 's slip into the brackets and are secured by penny nails . You then lay a 2x4 on top and spread the legs ... This is all secured by a few penny-nails . Nice a idea , but the nails do n't hold the wood that well . Also , the tolerances on the metal brackets is very poor -- some 2x4 's requier a lot of hammering to get in , others have at least 1/8 inch of play.Take a look at these at your local hardware store -LRB- my local home depot stocks them -RRB- ... it 'll become obvious how it wo n't hold together .
 I received my first light just before Christmas . The box itself was in fine condition so I know there was nothing wrong with the shipment . I opened the box and discovered the light to be badly damaged . The reflector bowl was dented and scratched up . It was in such poor condition that the mechanism the light screws into was hanging loose . The box was undamaged and in its original tape so I know this was n't a product that was returned and reshipped . I contacted the seller and they sent me an exchange.Fast forward to today.I receive my new lamp today . Again the box is in fine condition and with the original tape . I open the box and do n't even need to unpack the lamp . I see a large metal part sitting loose on top and resting against the reflector bowl . I move it a bit and see it has damaged the bowl just like in my previous shipment.I am done with the manufacture of this lamp . They have a complete disregard for the quality of packaging . The condition of the two lights I received is entirely on them . I told the seller today I want to return this with no exchange because I know the manufacture has no pride in the work they do and I will likely receive another defective product.Save yourself the aggravation and buy a better product . You spend this much on a dang desk light you expect something better . Personally I 'll probably get a better light if I just buy a $ 20 piece of junk at a local discount store . Shame on the manufacturer for such poor packing .
 I received one lamp and it had one scratch/ding in it . I returned it and they sent a second , it had a scratch/ding in the exact same spot . I think it was a problem with the manufacturer 's packaging method , not the seller 's . So I returned the second one as well . The seller was very responsive , but it was a bit of a waste of time .
 Bought at local Home Improvement center . Built in Diverter valve . 1/2 '' copper pipe , uses a compression fitting . Installed turned on water out of tub worked great the minute you pulled up for the diverter to use shower head it leaked bad , water pouring out the back against wall side . Piece of junk plastic , tried to save a few bucks , get what you paid for !!!
 I had the same experiece `` Damham '' had . I also bought this item at a home improvement store . The diverter leaked so bad out the back and into the wall it was dripping into the basement . It 's just a cheap plastic piece of junk . Do n't bother .
 My old diverter spout began leaking more water out of the spout during showers , so it was time for replacing . I bought this thinking it would do the trick . I purposely went the cheap route b/c we 're planning on renovating the bathroom in the next year , so I purposely passed up the more expensive spout . It did not fit well on the 1/2 '' pipe as it was designed to . Even after greasing the stub , it never got flush with the wall . I got it to about a 1/4 in close to the wall and figured I 'd caulk the gap . Tested for leaks and water dripped out the back when the diverter was up . Returned it and went with the sioux chief smart spout . Install to 5 min , flush to the wall and no leaks !
 Made to fail . The worst products for plumbing I have yet found . It did not make it five minutes before the plastic failed and it started to leak .
 The spout leaks bad from the rear , doesnt matter how well you fix it . Waste of time . What you pay for is what you get with this .
 I 've replaced the tub spout several times with these pieces of garbage since it seems that this is the only thing the local hardware stores carry these days . My house is 1/2 '' copper -LRB- also designed so the two showers are back to back so I have to rip out tile if I want to make any large plumbing repairs/replacement -RRB- so the 1/2 '' slip fit that it includes works , at least for me . You have to make sure you follow the directions very closely and make sure that the slip fit connector is TIGHT ... but not so tight you 'll break the plastic . The problem is that even if you DO install this right , be prepared to perform the installation again in a year or two . The diverter starts dripping within a year , starts spraying shortly after that , and eventually just leaks so much out of the spout you have little water pressure going to the shower head . The one in my master bathroom is about to go and now I 'm on the hunt for something better . I 'm done with wasting money every year or two for garbage .
 universal kit.diverter wo n't seal . in shower mode , it sprays a lot of water in the tub . This was a $ 17 part at home depot . wasted my money . complete junk .
 Worst piece of junk ever . Why do the hardware stores only sell this junk brand ? This thing leaks like none other . When diverting water to the shower head , it leaks water everywhere . Very cheap , very poor quality . STAY AWAY .
 Same experience as danham - only was replacing it due to bathroom remodel - old one worked fine . Teflon taped all threads securely , including the front where the internal plastic adapter threads into the spout , even replaced the o-ring . Water just gushes out of the back . Thanks to Danco 's instructions to cut the pipe down , now I will have to call in a plumber to remove the now too short stub and sweat in a new stub out , so that a REAL spout can be mounted . GARBAGE .
 If you like leaks and wet walls , buy this product . What engineering genius designed this piece of junk ? Water was diverter to the back of the spout and leaked between the back of the tub and the spout . Lots of potential for wall damage . I thought the diverter was designed to send the water up to the shower head . Another lesson in getting what you pay for .
 I felt as though the object appeared used but cleaned up . The inside was used and had to be sprayed with solvent inside and has to be pulled a couple of times to turn shower on .
 In addition to reading the instructions very thoroughly before starting and while installing , you must also think about how it 's designed so you can improvise . I spent 4 hours , which includes a return to the orange box store for a second unit , in order to get it properly installed . Then after about a dozen showers , the diverter started leaking . After about 12 days it became almost inoperable . Stick with the OEM product , which installs in 5 minutes .
 Instructions were terrible , cheap plastic and it did not fit my pipe so it is sticking a few inches out of the wall . Worst part is I ca n't get the parts back off to put a real spout on and I 'm pretty ticked . Do n't buy this junk .
 absolutely not user friendly and not very clear instructions , took nearly a hour of careful reading and trying to follow the steps and still it leaked when you open up the shower .
 Bought at a local hardware store . Installation instructions are complex and difficult to follow . In addition to that , it did not fit my 1/2 inch copper pipe . Took it back to the hardware store and the hardware expert verified that it did not fit on a 1/2 inch copper pipe . In then end , resorted to calling a plumber .
 Same as everyone else . Bought this at a local store . It 's ridiculously complicated how they want you to install it . My old one was simple , you unscrewed a screw and pulled it off . To install the old one , you slip it on and tighten the screw . Unfortunately more water was coming out of the tub spout than going up to the shower on my old one so I tried to replace it with this one . The instructions are poorly written , mine did n't even come with a hole through the threads to allow the set screw to contact the copper pipe . You have to adjust and readjust the position of the slip on plastic tube , to get it just right so that it tightens securely when the spout touches the wall AND the spout is facing downward . Then , after doing all this it still leaks out of the overflow hole in the back by the wall . I would hesitate to buy any Danco plumbing product again .
 Edit
 Product received is not as advertised . The bar is not the Pro 91 as shown in the picture and as stated . Part number 105699 , as received , came with the Double Guard bar .
 The reviewers who chastise the company for the unclear instruction manual are spot on . I write such manuals for a living and this manual violates the cardinal rule for good instructions
 The `` ON '' function does not work consistently when operating the control inside the house to an outside module.Would not recommend this item for purchase if you plan to operate the control in this manner .
 THIS STORE IS A RIP OFFTHE STORE SENT THE WRONG ITEM . I HAVE TRIED 3 TIMES TO CONTACT THEM , GOT NO ANSWER.AMAZON OFFERS NO HELP , ONLY SENDS YOU TO THE STORES WEB ADDRESS.BUYER BEWARE .
 I 'm a mechanical engineer with many decades of experience with control systems . I found the programming to be cumbersome , absolutely non-intuitive , and complex . I was able to do it , however . Problem is , unless you are going to fiddle with programming quite often , you wo n't remember how to do it and you 'll have to use the manual every time . Kind of defeats the purpose - I want to `` set it and forget it '' and only adjust things once in awhile . If you are looking for this kind of functionality , save your money . I would not recommend this product for most people . Simple mechanical or electronic timers on individual lights are much easier , and less expensive.I also found that the lights I programmed worked fine for a few days , then started coming on and off at odd times , without anyone making any programming changes . Sometimes it did n't work at all . There 's just me and my wife , no kids to play with it , and my wife has left it alone . And this unit is way too complicated for my smart cats to figure out .
 I am relatively new to Z-Wave home automation and have only a couple of switches installed . I am interested in installing a few lamp/appliance modules as a simple way of extending the range of my network by utilizing the routing feature of Z-Wave nodes . The literature and packaging indicate that the HAO3 modules included in this kit have `` Built-in ` repeater ' function for reliable signal reception '' and I thought that the kit would be an inexpensive way to build out the mesh on my network . When I got them installed I learned that they do not . They are classed as `` Slaves '' not `` Routing Slaves '' and do not forward Z-Wave packets to neighboring nodes , making them useless for my intentions . I have decided to keep them as they are still useful as dimming lamp modules , but since I use very few standalone lamps in my home , their use is somewhat limited .
 Nothing against the Seller because this item came quickly and was packed well ... While setting up the controller , one of the lamp modules failed . Looking at other reviews , this seems to be the norm , and they have a high failure rate.The controller module was n't compatible with Micasa2 Z-Wave controller ... or at least I could n't get the two to work together.So -- for the kit , I got one lamp module that worked.I do n't recommend these -- good luck ! ~
 Despite language on the product box that says the HA07 controller will work with `` any '' Z-Wave enabled module , it simply wo n't . I 've got numerous other Z-Wave modules . -LRB- All are made by the same manufacturer that makes this controller
 We tried for 4 days to get this thing to work and it wo n't work at all , we continually get error messages , it wo n't speak to the remote at all . I 'm not sure but it seems the unit is faulty . We have followed the directions and even tried a few things on our own and there was no response excet for the error messages.Buy at you 're own risk , I can not reccommend a product that will not function as it should .
 I bought the starter kit at Lowes and have bought several more dimmer modules since . They work fine , and the system is very flexible IF you can figure out how to program them . I 've just spent 20 minutes trying to get a fifth module to do what I want it to do , and I 'm still no closer to success than I was when I started . The process is frustrating beyond words , especially since it 's really just turning on , dimming , and turning off lights
 With everyone converting to CFL lighting you would expect a company to tell you in the product decription that CFL lights will not work unless you have the appliance modules ... disappointing.Returned product for refund
 Since i never received the order i cant rate it , , , but i do want my money backthank you very much indeed
 I own 2 of these grip style clamps . Just used them to clamp and joint glued and biscuit joined pieces of wood . Clamped one of the clamps and went to secure the second clamp and it broke . The `` grip '' portion fell out in my hand when I squeezed the clamp in place . Junk ! Not recommended to anyone .
 Picture is not of the 97-200 set . The panel bit shown is from the 204 set . The one that will arrive with the 200 set is a straight angle rather than the double curve . March 3 , 2006 .
 It is a nice bit set but the picture is of an Ogee Panel Cutter , the bit you will get is straight.I thought I had made the mistake ! After a few experiences here I will now check Home Depot for availability -LRB- they 're often cheaper ! -RRB- .
 I 'm not rating the item , I 'm rating the add . I thought I understood what I was buying but I think it needs to say which model tool it fits . I needed it for an H65 Hatachi . Discription sure did n't tell me enough . I 'm still looking for that driver . Should not buy without a part number .
 I bought this for my Whirlaway disposal , assuming it was an exact replacement for the old one -LRB- because it looks similar , silly me -RRB- . As it turns out , it is very much not the same , the rubber teeth are smaller , at a shallower angle , and less pliable , the result being that water wo n't even drain at close to the flow rate of my faucet -LRB- a totally normal residential faucet -RRB- . Of course you can forget about anything solid going through it , you 'll have to plunger even the smallest debris through this baby . Given that garbage disposals are supposed to make your sink drain BETTER , I feel this pretty much nullifies the advantage of having one . For now I have been using the disposal without a splash guard , and just using the sink stopper when I run it.Would definitely NOT recommend this splash guard.EDIT
 My wife has been wanting a rainshower showerhead , so I picked one of these up . Had to return the first 2 , neither one would thread the shower head onto the arm , the threading was WAY off , even with a pair of wrenches . Finally got a 3rd one which would thread fine , was excited to try it only to find it leaks water all over the place . Around the setting ring , at both the arm joints , water drips and sprays all over . Mind you , I 've done a lot of plumbing work , I know how to hook up a shower head , it 's just so poorly built , bad quality . Finally , the rain shower is just OK , even with the flow limiter off , and the center spray does n't deliver enough water hard enough to get the shampoo out of my hair . The massage settings are lame . Even without all the problems , I 'd still only give it 2 or 3 stars , there are MUCH better shower heads out there , and certainly MUCH better built . The Cascadia CF201 has a MUCH nicer rain shower and center spray , even though it is plastic , and does n't look as nice .
 not the best shower head you 'll ever use so save the cash . Waterpik makes better than this , i bought this because ive use their flexible shower head for over 7 years and thought this would be a step up but its not . The arm design is extremely flimsy as well as the 2 areas you adjust the height and pitch to move the arm and head are really super flimsy . The pressure is not that great vs. the regular shower head i had and nothing compare to the flexible shower head which you can ALSO position to the same rain style position over your head . My advice , pass on this one and if you really want a cool shower head check out the waterpik Linea 6-Mode Showerhead on amazon , its half the price and much better than this one .
 Our water pressure is acceptable , but could n't adequately drive the water out of this showerhead . We could only get two of the eight modes to work
 I tried to use with diverter valve , but unbalanced torque created havoc with sealing gaskets.That 's why helicopters have two rotors .
 The product is much bigger than the photo indicates . It arrived with a rattle , and I had to take it apart to make the small repair . Compared with more quality brands , I thought it inferior . It did n't feel solid and it was difficult to change the spray adjustments . I bought a Moen showerhead and used the arm that came with the Waterpik .
 It is not sturdy to hold the armSecondly , it is difficult to dual the mode and to reach the knob .
 this shower head looks great but doe NOT function like you would think . We have great water pressure and even taking the `` water saver '' out the water trickles out making rinsing shampoo out of yoyr hair a nightmare . I dont like it at all .
 Be careful with this . I installed the shower head with a adjustable wrench and did not over tighten the head as I used tfe paste instead of Teflon tape . Next morning my girlfriend tells me the shower head is leaking . I looked at it and there was a Hairline crack on this special part waterpik uses . There is this removable part that comes off the arm of this shower head and you ca n't find a replacement anywhere . Even waterpik customer service never got back to me . The part is so thin and poorly manufactured it 's almost as if they want it to break on you so you purchase a new shower head from them . I managed to `` acquire '' a replacement part the hard way instead of loosing $ 70 after one shower . Move on and buy something worthwhile . Waterpik sucks .
 I did not buy this product through Amazon , but I thought I should speak up . When you open the cover door on this switch , there is no inner panel to cover the electrical feeds , connections , or contacts like you would find in a standard breaker box . Unless you padlock the tab at the bottom , anyone can open the box and have 240V right there . If you buy this box , you 'd better plan on a padlock right off the bat . I also do n't like the engineering on the steel lever which throws the contacts . The only thing between that steel uncoated lever , 240V , and your bare hand is a thin -LRB- and I do mean thin -RRB- sheet of plastic bent into a U shape with only its own resistance to bending to hold it in place . I do n't see how this switch could possibly be UL approved or pass any local electrical codes . I was concerned about the basic line drawing used for advertising this product and lack of real photos -LRB- anywhere on the web -RRB- , but I trusted the GE name to produce a high quality and safe product - I was wrong .
 I wasnt that into this tape . I used it for its intended purpose . But i noticed it doesnt stick that well . Sure its `` ez '' start but i just would have rather had something else . Im trying another packing tape by duck brand & we will see how that does
 The product is faulty , it is not a ` window film ' it 's more like a window wallpaper where you need special solutions and `` distilled '' water , NOT TAP water to make it stick to the window.I was really disappointed with the quality of the film , the mosiac pattern is too big and it 's really ugly . I was gon na use it anyway - I just wanted a simple window cover . But it will not stick to the window for anything.I called customer service and she told me `` Well , you used tap water and not distilled water and you ruined the product so you can not return it . '' I ca n't exchange it for something else that actually works either . They 're just trying to dump this cheap crap that does n't work at all on people and then leave you stuck with it by saying that YOU RUINED IT ! You have to buy this kit that does n't come along with it . But it should if it 's required to make the product work . If you need a freaking kit and a solution to make it work than it should not be called a window film.And from what I 've read about other window film designs from this same company , it does n't stick on the window then either . Everyone who 's commented on this brand of window `` film '' can not seem to make it stick to the window . Hmmmm , but that 's somehow our fault , is n't it?DO NOT BUY !
 I 'm sure that this is a fine jig with great accuracy . However I will never know . The verticle fence will not adjust close enough to the blade on my Bosch to cut a 1/4 inch tenon in 3/4 inch stock . Now I am out shipping expences as I shipped it 2nd day air only to find out it will not work with my saw . DELTA NEEDS TO MAKE PEOPLE AWARE OF WHAT SAWS THIS JIG IS AND IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH .
 The good
 Well , I 'm very disappointed with the unit for the following reasons :1 . I could n't get the vertical surface all the way square with the base without adding a shim under the locking knob travel guide . No big deal I guess , but jeez ! 2 . I promptly rounded out the slider bolt heads and had to drill them out . Again , easy to replace , but this was pushing the limits of my patience .3 . Could n't get the slider bar parallel to the base -LRB- and therefore my blade -RRB- . Upon inspection , I noticed the bore holes in the base are misaligned by as much as 1/16 '' . Even with the play the holes are supposed to allow for adjustment of the slider , it was not enough to compensate for the misaligned drilling pattern . I returned it for another but found the same problem with the replacement.Delta really should review there quality control . Until then , I 'll avoid them.Rick
 ... . I 'd make my own . The adjustments on this are just too clumsy .
 I bought the Delta 34-183 Tenoning Jig and , while trying to adjust to left tilt saw , rounded an allen screw because they must have assembled it with an impact wrench . I took it back and exchanged it today , brought another one home , removed all the goo again , and the first screw I tried was ALREADY ROUNDED out in a factory sealed box . I 'm getting my money back . Other companies make them too .
 I 've just been informed by an ebay lister that this model Delta 34-183 is not a universal jig : `` Delta type saws where the blade axis is 4 1/4 '' to 4 3/8 '' from the inside of the left miter slot . If your saw varies -LRB- like a Powermatic 66 -RRB- significantly from this , you should consider another jig or that this one would have to be modified at your expense . This is not a One-Size-Fits all type of Jig . `` Considering the number of reviews I 've read through the past couple days , no one mentioned this little factoid and a couple reviewers had the same brand saw as mine . Hope this helps someone out there !
 I purchased this item last year -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and it arrived missing a bushing . I have called Delta several times and been assured that it would be sent to me . I have yet to receive it . I will never again purchase a Delta product . Their service is horrible .
 The base plate of the jig rubbed againt the surface of table saw result in black mark which smear all over your wood . The scale on the jig is very crude . You better off with a homade jig which is cheaper and more accurate .
 I have seen this jig in operation at the wood shows in the past . This is an excellent jig and should be made available to those of us who own a Craftsman Table Saw . Some of the tool catalogs state that it will not fit a Craftsman , but most do n't . I have purshased this jig , only to find out that it did not fit . I have talked with Delta , and suggested that they put an adjustable bar on the jig , but for some reason they do not want to . In one of my wood magazines , there was an article on this jig and it stated that Delta was coming out with a new modle this year , but in the next issue , they had to retract their article . This jig deserves to be rated as a 5 based on its performace , but I had to give it a 1 based on the availability . If you desire to change my rating to a 5 , based on your guidelines , that would be fine . Thank you for allowing me the opportunity to express my opinion .
 I have a Delta bench saw and I wanted to tenoning work so by mistake I ordered this jig -LRB- 34-183 -RRB- . It fits table saws not bench saws ! Now I am trying to fit it to my bench saw-don ' t know whether I 'll accomplish this modification .
 I happily own a Delta jointer , planer , and band saw , but I have tried assembling this thing 3 times and it simply will not come to square.Well I tried a fourth time and managed to just get it to square , so that hurdle is passed . While this device will now cut tenons , its real -LRB- and fatal -RRB- flaw is that it has no setting to fix the relationship of its fence to your saw blade . As every woodworker knows , that relationship must be perfectly parallel . when the fence of this unit is loosened , it allows the fence to move not only back and forth , as it must to vary the depth-of-cut , , but to rotate around the axis of the locking screw by several degrees . This means that one must recheck and reset the fence to parallel for every single cut you make . That is just too fussy for my taste.There is no way to adjust the existing fence runner or the miter slot runner on the 183 . This device badly needs a mechanism to set and lock the fence 's side to side orientation one time to the peculularities of your saw blade . And , that should be separate from the depth-of-cut lock.The jig I made to bridge my P-66 fence -LRB- which is dead parallel to the blade -RRB- out of three pieces of scrap plywood and a clamp will continue to do yeoman service for making tenons.If the 183 were n't so heavy it might make a doorstop . Anybody have a small boat without an anchor ?
 Well i had bought a similiar one at a cheap store many years ago and it was ok for the money . This one was about the same price so I decided to give it a try . The one is a piece of junk and was from day one . It will not hold anything still . Just cheap imported junk
 That one word describes this one . There are a lot of versions that I 've found of this - priced from &#34; inexpensive &#34; -LRB- this model -RRB- to 30 + bucks . You do get what you pay for . But it does work for most things - but the base is not steady enough IMO . and the magnifier does n't cut it .
 Not what we expected , base is too small . Bottom tips over when working with crafts . Definitely will be returning both of these products .
 This is a low-end item . The magnifying glass is housed loosely in a metal ring , and that metal ring only stays attached to the device due to minor friction between it and the attachment point.It 'll do , for the most part , but I really wish I 'd gotten something better .
 Purchased one of these screwdrivers through Amazon in April , 2009 . Usedit only lightly until yesterday when I was assembling a freestanding TVshelf of 3/4 '' pine plywood and pine 2X6 's for my man cave -LRB- garage -RRB- . Worked great for most of the screws , but towards the end of the job -LRB- qty-10 3 '' # 8 deckscrews driven in , removed , and then driven in a secondtime after glue was applied to the wood joints -RRB- the ratcheting mechanismjammed , and I had to finish the job with a different screwdriver.From Eazypower 's web site , their warranty says in part : `` Eazypower products are guaranteed against defects in manufacturing andwill be replaced free of charge . Please return your product with yourproof of purchase to ... Power tools Accessories and hand tools areconsumable products and will wear after extended use or if usedincorrectly making any warrantee -LSB- SIC -RSB- void ... `` Since I did n't expect that the Eazypower warranty to cover my situation -LRB- most of the time with this type of tool warranty , if it worked initiallyand then it broke after some use , one must have used it incorrectly -RRB- , Idisassembled the tool myself and found that one of the ratcheting pawlshad become dislocated and was also badly bent . I was able to fix thisissue , and the screwdriver works again for light duty work.However , I would not suggest this tool for heavy use such as drivinglong deckscrews , even if pilot holes are drilled first in soft wood -LRB- asin my case -RRB- . Just my humble experience ; your mileage may vary .
 SAVE your money . This is poorest quality tool I have bought in a long time . The bits wo n't stay in the chuck , they wobble all over the place . I will not waste anymore money on it even sending it back . If you want a good push drill buy a true Yanky drill .
 The battery was eagerly awaited , but when it arrived it accepted no charge whatsoever . I tried my old Makita battery to make sure the charger still worked . After three hours it was recharged -LRB- as much as the old battery will take -RRB- . Some people appear to have gotten a battery that worked . But several of us did n't . Beware . I have returned the battery for a refund .
 I purchased this battery hoping it would give me a reasonable amount of service . I charged the battery and I got about 10 minutes of run time . I would not buy anything from this company ever again . I do n't think they ever tested it , inferior product period . >> >> >
 Would not sustain a charge for more than 30 seconds under use . Very weak performance for those 30 seconds as well !
 my drill would n't work with it installed . i sent it to makita to be repaired . they tested the battery and found it was substandard ... i 'm going to ask for my money back ...
 My Makita battery-operated drill would not work with this battery . Had to send it back . Listen to the other reviewers ; this battery is cheaply made .
 I got 2 of these in April and they will not hold a charge . Do not last 1/2 as long as a Makita battery when used right after charging and are worthless a week later . Stay away as these are junk . Looking for waranty info as I will return if I can and if not they will be recycled . Total Junk !!!!!
 This battery is represented as a equivalent replacement for a Makita 9033 . This is NOT TRUE , the Makita 9033 has a capacity of 2200 mah , this battery is 1500mah , a big difference and a gross misrepresentation.Also it is way overpriced .
 This battery holds a charge for one hour , even if you do n't use it at all . It 's crap ! Do n't buy it .
 Seller is deceptive in using a picture of a genuine OEM Makita battery picture and in the title using the Makita part numbers , in parenthesis stating -LRB- equivalent -RRB- . Then `` by Makita '' as though manufactured by Makita and being `` equivalent '' to the indicated - other - Makita part numbers . I believe the use of the copyrighted Makita OEM battery photo and `` by Makita '' is meant to intentionally deceive by this Canadian shipper . I could have bought a honestly advertised Makita-clone for less . Can not recommend this dishonest seller nor will I buy from them again .
 Pwr + 9.6 v Ni-cd 1300mah Makita 9000 9033 192696 -2 632007-4 Battery Replacement -LRB- Makita Equivalent -RRB- I have had Makita cordless drills since they first came on the scene and have never had any problems with their batteries except when they get about five years old they need to be replaced . Now I bought two of these batteries and the old ones I disposed of held a charge better thab these.Don ' t waste your money on these batteries unless you want too be charging them daily and hourly for they just do n't have the power when fully charged.I am stuck with them now but you can bet before my other two `` MAKITA '' batteries which I bought on 2005 die on me I will definately buy two new ` MAKITA '' brand batteries next time these knock off 's are a waste of money the $ 50 dollars I spent could have bought at least one new brand name battery . I am soory to who ever is making these batteries but they are pure junk and a watse of money .
 This `` clamp on '' lamp features an idiotic clamp design - a curved `` L '' shaped bolt that slips into the plastic base of the lamp . The problem with this design is that if the weight of the lamp is slightly off center - say if you want to extend it or rotate it around , thus rocking it - you will unavoidably cause the entire clamp assembly to fall apart and the lamp will come crashing down . For $ 20 it 's not worth sending back , but if I had it to do over again I would definitely NOT buy this lamp .
 I have a similar Alvin swing lamp and thought it was the same product under a different brand . I wanted it in red , so I decided to get the Litesource one . I was mistaken . It looks like the same lamp but the quality is much worse . The clamp design is very bad on all lamps of this type , but this one is made of apparently an even worse plastic and part of it was cracked and snapped off as I was taking it out of the box . The pins that hold the tension rods are made of metal on the Alvin lamp , but here they are made from a plastic that bends and looks like it is about to snap off -LRB- and release a spring into someone 's eye ! -RRB- One of the springs came off in the box because of that . The switch cover does not stay in place . Etc. . Too bad - I liked the red color , but I am getting a refund .
 I have now placed two consecutive orders for this light , and both arrived in defective condition and had to be returned . I already own three of them , and so I know how they work and how they are assembled , but something has gone wrong with this supplier.The first light was missing the plastic knob that is used to turn the light on and off.The second order had the plastic knob , but now was missing the two indentations on the light assembly that are necessary to attach the hood to the assembly.The third order arrived , yes , I gave them three tries , and it had1 -RRB- a plastic knob on the top that looked used2 -RRB- a small dent in the hood3 -RRB- a chip in the white paint on the inside of the hood4 -RRB- and the lamp steel pole that goes into the base plastic mount was loose as if the mount did n't match the lamp.When I looked at the packaging , it looked like it might have been a return.Save yourself some time and avoid this product and merchant .
 I want a light that will clamp onto my desk with out having to drill holes . This light does not clamp on , it must be attached with a drill and screws . To further my disappointment , I have not been able to reach anyone at Amazon to arrange an exchange or at Lite Source.So my lighting problem has not been solved .
 This touch up paint is very yellow for bisque . It would be a better match for almond appliances . Does not match any of my Frigidaire Bisque colored appliances . Beware if trying to match your appliances -- if you order this , do a test swatch and let dry on cardboard first before using on your appliances . I may try mixing with white touch up paint to get a light enough color for my bisque appliances .
 Perhaps the product would have been all right , but they sent me the wrong color -LRB- a dirty beige instead of the white I ordered -RRB- . When I tried to return it a few weeks later , it was `` too late '' . It remains unopened , a reminder to me NOT to order something again .
 From the picture here on amazon and on the can when the product arrived I expected this to be an almost black dark brown , but when I sprayed it on my project it came out a medium brown . It is n't even close to matching the espresso colored items I was going to pair it with .
 it takes WAY TOO MANY cans of spray paint to paint a garage door , WHAT WAS I THINKING ? if you 're thinking about spraying something bigger than a breadbox , get a brush ...
 Ordered the satin espresso to paint old steel window frames . Turns out it 's a lot more red than what I was expecting . Different than what the cap suggests .
 The cans of spray paint purchased did not work well at all - they dispensed only a very small amount of paint before losing pressure completely . My guess is that the items were well beyond their sell-by date or had been stored improperly.Will likely not purchase this type of item from Amazon again in the future .
 I purchased a couple of the small jars of the American Accent paint for use on a model . The paint did n't cover at all . 3 coats and it is still transparent . A truely wretched product . Maybe the spray covers better but it does n't brush worth a d ** n.
 I recently used a product from Minwax called Antique Furniture Refinisher . I 've ruined 5 kitchen cabinet doors -LRB- $ 500 replacement cost -RRB- . The instructions on the can say to use steel wool . I did and the product reacted with the steel wool and caused small particles from the steel wool to embed into the grain on the light oak cabinets . The doors now have black spots all over them . I talked to Minwax and sent them digital pictures of the doors . Their reply was the pictures were not clear enough and their product could not have caused the problem I described . I got no help from them . The second time back to store , with my destroyed door , I was told I should n't have used the steel wool . They sold me some stripper and I tried unsuccessfully to correct the problem . Warning ! Do not follow the instructions on the can .
 I bought these because of my past experience with them . Many years ago I used this brand and style when I lived and worked in a remote part of the world . I remember them as being sturdy and durable with a bright light . The two new ones I bought do n't feel as sturdy or durable -LRB- they feel more brittle -RRB- , but they are much better than most anything else you can buy except for the Maglite brand . However , the light given off by the bulb is dim . So much so I originally thought it was due to the new batteries I put in . I put in another set of brand new Duracell batteries , but the result was the same.If I could I would give these 2.5 stars . That many because of the durability and that few because of the dimness of the bulb . Someday I 'll get around to buying some new bulbs and that may help.Tom
 i recently purchased this product and was very disappointed.the light comes on for like a nano second then goes out and gets very hot to touch.will not buy again , and will also tell friends not to .
 I would not recommend this flashlight to anyone who actually wants to be able to see in the dark . It is really dim and you can hardly see an inch in front of you with this flashlight . My recommendation ... do n't waste your money on this .
 I bought this from Amazon the same week my wife bought a cheap &#34; battery brand &#34; flashlight from the battery section at the grocery store , for roughly 75 % less.The cheap flashlight uses an LED , and this one has a bulb , so shock-resistance wise the cheap one wins out . The cheap flashlight was considerably brighter . The cheap flashlight requires one battery , and this one two - this one is heavier , and less efficient . They are both made from roughly the same materials . They both had similar &#34; anti-roll &#34; features and spots for hanging them up.Overall , the cheap flashlight beat this one hands-down . I 'd much rather have four of those than one of these . The only reason I 'd suggest buying one is if you need the &#34; industrial &#34; features -LRB- ie , oil , gas , chemical resistance -RRB- or if you just want to buy a flashlight from Amazon . Otherwise , add &#34; flashlight &#34; to your grocery list , and enjoy the savings .
 Work has bought about twenty of these things and every one of them has taken a dump . The light is uncomfortable and is n't very reliable at all , when you need to use a light when you have light already this is n't the one for you . I really believe they might have had playschool make the mold it , it just feels cheap !
 Purchased one which turned out to be defective . Cap for battery compartment would not screw back on -- the threads would not align.Ordered a replacement unit . Same problem . Save yourself the headache and look elsewhere .
 This flashlight died after a month and a half of minimal use . I used it for about 5 minutes nightly to take the dog out before bed . Tonight , just as we were in a very dark area -LRB- her favorite spot , of course -RRB- , the light sputtered and then died leaving me to stumble blindly behind her through the uneven terrain . Changing the batteries -LRB- which were very hot to the touch -RRB- when we returned home did not restore functionality.The flashlight may be `` industrial '' in style , but is unreliable in use . Do n't waste your money , or put any confidence , in this product .
 I have a number of Rayovacs I have relamped with with LEDs and been very satisfied with their function.This one , for me , is an unreliable loser . I ordered this because I wanted a 2-D cell , flat bottom , yellow barrel flashlight.When it arrived , I inserted two fresh 'D ' Duracells and observed the light produced was orange -- not the usual incandescent yellowish glow . I should have realized this meant it had some poor , internal connection which produced resistance.I went ahead and swapped out the incandescent bulb for a new LED . To my surprise , it was not as bright as some 1990s Rayovac flashlights I had relamped with LEDs . Moreover , the light would not always go on when switched ` on ' . I disassembled & reassembled the flashlight to assure everything was in proper position and tightly seated . The light would go on but was unevenly bright from one use to the next . Sometimes , in a single use , its brightness would fluctuate repeatedly . Sometimes the light would flicker on & off.At its best , this 2-D cell flashlight , with an LED , was never as bright as either of my old 2-AA Rayovac & Eveready flashlights which had also been relamped with LEDs.This one is a loser .
 After reading the reviews I decided that this product would meet my needs . Fortunately , I opened it up to test it out when it arrived , because the ladder was attached to the metal bars backwards , meaning that the legs that are supposed to keep the unit away from the wall pointed out instead of against the side of the house.I imagine this could lead to broken limbs or a broken neck , depending on how agile the person was trying to navigate this wobbly ladder during an emergency , as they tried to gain a toehold with the rungs right up against the wall.To add insult to inevitable injury , when I called First Alert customer service , they pretty much ridiculed me that I was using the unit wrong , and then told me to go through the process of returning it without so much as a `` sorry about that '' or `` how can we help '' . I wish I would have bought the highly rated X-It ladder , instead of trying to save a few bucks at my own peril .
 We purchased this Fire Escape Ladder from Amazon a few weeks ago . We opened it up to test it and found out that the ladder has no locking mechanism . You can try to secure it as much as possible , but it still slides up and pulls out . If you always have someone strong enough to hold the ladder in the window , you may be fine , but in a fire everyone needs to get out . This is NOT SAFE . Our windowsill was 6 '' and within the compatible range . We called First Alert and they offered no product support , but just said to return it . We did , but now what are we to do?We also attempted to leave feedback on the First Alert website , but not even that works .
 We did a practice run from a 1st story window , which was a good idea.Incident 1
 Ordered 2 of these ladders and am sending them back . The ladders are heavy and combersome . Ladders seem too complicated especially if needed in an emergency situation . The hooks have to be pulled apart so it adds an extra step . The hooks are heavy and hard to get even to latch onto a window seal . The actual ladder rungs fall out of their packaging and are heavy . So getting the ladder rungs out the window could be troublesome . We have an X-it ladder and I was hoping to be able to get away with using these cheaper ladders in some other needed areas . The X-it ladder I have is a much better product . It is light weight . My kids can lift it . The ladder rungs stay neatly packaged until deployed . The hooks that secure to the window seal are simple . Guess I will have to spend the money and get more X-it ladders .
 This is not a good escape ladder for kids . We have a 6 year old daughter who was not strong enough to lift this heavy ladder up to the window , unfold the cumbersome hooks , and then throw the ladder part out the window . It is hard and awkward even for an adult to do this let alone a child.Once the ladder is hooked on the window sill , you have to lean waaayyy out the window to pull the release tab , risking falling out the window to do this , especially if you are a vertically challenged.Once you pull the tab , the ladder is supposed to neatly fall to the ground without getting caught up on itself . Wrong . The ladder gets so tangled that it would require you to go 4 or 5 steps down , untangle , go 4 more steps , untagle , etc. I do not recommend this ladder .
 I tested this item from our second story window as soon as I got it home . First of all the rungs became entangled with the nylon straps when I released the velcro handle , had to pull the ladder up to correct it . The way it hooks over the window sill was not sturdy at all , and tended to shift dangerously when weight was put on the first rung . Just placing my foot on the first rung was a challenge in daylight with no emergency occurring , it just does n't protrude from the wall far enough . I am athletic and of normal height/weight , but clambering down this ladder had me fearing a fall and I crawled back through the window before I got below the second rung . I returned the product to the store and will have to find some other way to egress our home in an emergency .
 The footplate on this saw was just plain unacceptable - causing me to return my first Amazon purchase ever ! I did n't have it out of the box more than 15 minutes before I was shaking my head and getting online to request a return . The footplate is obviously very cheap plastic . Do n't let the description fool you - this `` composite '' plate is so flimsy that I could not make 90 degree cuts while ripping some test plywood as any amount of pressure on the saw would cause the footplate to bow . Really wish I looked at this in a store prior to purchasing just holding it you will be able to tell the base is way too flexible.Getting a Dewalt instead .
 Cuts a good smooth end grain , no tear-out with original blade . Base plate is not flat , and saw wobbles on the front hinge -LRB- the one for depth of cut -RRB- as well . Does ok on sheet goods , but don ; t expect perpendicular cuts on 2x4 sticks.I do like the quick depth adjustment lever , and good view of where the cut is going -LRB- I 'm left handed , so the motor is n't in the way - but it sure blows the sawdust all over me !! john -LRB- : > -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I was a little wary about buying this saw , many of the reviews complain about this baseplate . This item description claims that it is aluminum , which is an error . Its flimsy plastic . And it sucks . I really like the features on the rest of the saw , although I dont completly trust the plastic levers to not snap off . But the baseplate is a deal-breaker , it flexes way too much , and is NOT square to the saw when set at zero , there about a 3 degree bevel backwards , so I have to set the saw at 3 and constantly re-check it . This also negates the bevel stops at 22.5 , 45 , etc. . I 'm really unhappy with this problem , and am requesting a return/refund . Bosch should smarten up after all these negative reviews and re-design this saw with a mag plate , like the worm-drives .
 at first this was a great was . the base being composit meens it wont break -LRB- i 've tested that several times -RRB- , and the direct connect cord is great . But recently the saw fell less than 2 feet onto a lawn and the blade guard cracked right in half , ive had dewalts that have fallen 10 feet with little more than a scratch . I would not recoment this saw
 Tossed a still-faithful old circular saw and upgraded to Bosch CS20 . I 'd become a faithful and trusting Bosch-brand customer . What a mistake and disappointment ! Composite plate has warped ; cuts are uneven ; square end cuts are impossible to make ; saw rocks side to side during rip cuts in plywood ; I have a rock solid hand , but edge cuts look -LRB- and fit -RRB- like I have a nervous disorder ; blade binds as warped plate allows tipping side to side . I 'm no longer a Bosch customer .
 I bought my CS20 about 5 years ago . Then it rapidly became a pain when the plastic foot plate warped , causing binding and crooked cuts . Until this week , it sat in storage waiting for me to buy another home . Remembering that I wanted to get the unit working , I called Bosch . Bosch has no apparent plans to make a more rigid plate available , and so I must consign this tool , which seemed to be a good value when bought , to the junk pile , and buy a saw that does n't display so many ` innovative ' features , the cost of whose failure is borne by the purchaser.Bosch CS20 15 Amp 7-1/4 - Inch Circular Saw with Direct Connect
 Purchased saw 4 months ago , depth gage ... broken , angle gage ... broken , 1 year refund ... useless because some pencil pushing consultant at bosch said the saw was misused . The bill to fix the $ 100 saw is $ 80 . I have a porter cable circular saw that is over 20 years old and has taken twice the beating the bosch will ever see yet nothing is broke on it . The bosch took a 1 foot fall off the underside of a sawhorse and the fall broke the angle gage . The depth gage adjuster broke during regular use . I do not `` misuse '' my tools but I do use them !
 The depth guide level for the shoe has been replaced TWICE in one year . The rip fence guide set screw has stripped out in less than a year ! My last saw lasted me 12 years , this saw had problems immediatlyNOT RECOMENDED
 I read all the reviews then finally picked this one over the PCMag saw because if was $ 40 less.I loved using the saw at first . It has a great line of sight and is quiet and runs smooth . having an extra long cord is a awesome feature , but it did add $ 20 to the cost.but now after 6 months the base plate is warped making it a pain when cutting expensive oak plywood . It rocks from the back left to the front right over 1/8 '' . I put an email in to Bosch about a replacement plate but I am scared it will be the same thing and fail again after another 6 months.Should have spent a little more and got the PC .
 Lots of plastic used in the manufacturing of this saw , like the deck and all adjustment mechanisms . When I set the blade angle to make a basic square cut of 90 * , the cut pieces were off by more than a few degrees . I had to use a builders square to set the blade angle after discovering this and then the cuts were more accurate .
 I have a CS20 that Lisa in Bosch customer service told me is `` obviously not under recall '' . The blade guard will still not retract properly . She explained to me that I am the problem by not blowing out the tool enough . Here is the problem . A woodworking tool with a safety feature that intermittently works is very dangerous . A tool with no dust collection that generates copious dust during any cut will clog the spring -LRB- that I am apparently in error by not blowing out enough -RRB- . After using 10 circular saws in my life , never blew one out , never had a guard issue.Big Bosch fan until today . Current bosch products in my garage , 2 routers , jig saw , lots of drill bits , sander , circular saw , miter saw . Lisa has made me question my purchases .
 Never really got to use the saw because of the safety recall and the possibility of an `` amputation '' if I chose to ignore the recall . While this was a minor problem the problem with the plastic base plate would have been a lifetime pain ! The base plate lacks dimensional stability in that it will not accept the rip fence insertion without a significant use of force and again more force or a rubber mallet is called for if you need to move it to your desired rip dimension . Additionally the set screw for the rip fence comes with a spring that is to long thus requiring more force during all my aborted attempts to screw it into the base plate ! I further found it physically impossible to screw the set screw into the base plate without the spring in place ! I own a lot of Bosch tools and have never experienced these kinds of problems with Bosch or any other brand . I returned the saw to the vendor I purchased it from citing poor tool quality as the reason .
 I am a professional carpenter . I have had my Makita saw for 24 years and wanted a change , The Bosch CS20 looked like it had some pretty good features and the balance was not bad . After 3 months the composite foot plate has warped making for gouged cuts . I can not cut a true 45deg bevel with it because of this flaw . The detents are not adjustable . My 45deg locks in at 43.5 deg . This is ubsat in my line of work . Bosch is going to send me another foot plate and bevel indicator but its the same material as the one I have . Bosch NEEDS to produce a replacement aluminum plate like all other quality saws have . They have missed the boat big time in this area . Based on this I would not recommend this saw for the serious tradesman .
 Following the recomendations of various reviews I purchased this saw to replace a 23 year old Milwaukee that fell 30 feet off a roof bending the plate badly . In six months of owning it both the angle and depth knobs have broken off , the plate flexes badly when used for a depth cut , and today for no apparant reason the guard handle broke off , just sheared right off the guard rendering the saw useless . I own a number of other Bosch tools and ca n't say enough good about them . For all the obvious excellent engineering the saw has it 's not a professionals tool . I fixed the bent plate and put the old Milwaukee back in service .
 I 'm going to cut right to the chase in my review of the Bosch CS20 circular saw . I 'm a full-time professional carpenter/contractor with over 30 years of building experience , and I have a collection of trade tools that is the envy of many a colleague . When it came time to try an upgrade to the circular saw I was using , I decided to spring for the Bosch CS20 based on a review in a trade publication.I thought that the ergonomics of the saw and line of sight on the CS20 were good , but had misgivings about the minimalist composite -LRB- plastic -RRB- base of this tool . Ultimately , those premonitions proved true . Less than three years down the road , the base plate of the saw was so badly twisted that it was impossible to obtain a precision crosscut from the saw . To elaborate , even when using a square as a guide , the saw would consistently produce cuts that were so far out of square as to make the saw virtually unusable.This is one of the tools that Bosch includes in their `` 3 Year ProVantage | Maximum Up-Time Guaranteed Protection Plan . '' By the time I called Bosch to report the defect , I was a few days over the three-year anniversary of my purchase date . They cut me no leeway but offered to sell me a new replacement baseplate . When I asked what their protocol would have been if I had called a week before when the 3 year protection plan was still intact , their response was that I would have had to ship them the saw for evaluation.As a busy tradesman , my course of action was to stip the saw of its detachable 25 ' cord , keep the carrying bag the saw came in , and drop off the bare tool as a donation at a local second-hand charity store . Deformed base plates are a theme for the CS20 and have been reported on by others here . I have enough door stops.As an additional note , I was also unhappy with the adjustment levers on this saw which I found to be too flimsy and lacking in straightforward , definitive function.I own some Bosch tools , and have tried many Bosch tools . My opinion of the company is that they are innovators who tend to swing for the fence at a good price point . The result seems to be about the same as it is with many power hitters . Plenty of shots out of the park , but an equal amount of infield pop-outs . They seem to be short on patience when it comes to R+D . The bottom line
 I like most bosch tools that i 've owned and used , but this unit needs some serious rethinking from the bosch brains . Way to much fragile plastic for a tool that is inevitably going to take some serious abuse . The table also flexes and moves way to much for consistant , acurate cutting due to the plastic scrap . Bosch needs some good old mag on this pup or some seriously fortified plastic resin . A little redesign and this would probably be a great saw , but till that happens it is a hunk of junk . Wake up u bosch nerds and tune this puppy up .
 wiring routed poorly inside lamp from bulb socket to box and shorted out as soon as i flipped the breaker . I took it apart and insulated the wiring so it would not short on the housing .
 I purchased this to replace a broken Pocket Handyman IV . I was disappointed in the metric to inch features of the new Construction Master Pro . I work with inch to millimeters conversion . The new calculator only has keys to go between inches and meters . The cost of the Construction Master Pro was too much for my use .
 I was hopeful after reading other reviews that maybe this product would save me from having to pay for a professional test . I was sorely disappointed . I suspected our water had higher levels of iron -LRB- or something -RRB- than it should because of the yellow/brown stains it was leaving on the tub . I followed directions to a T and this test said everything was fine with our water . Since I knew something had to be off , I went ahead and paid for a professional test and sure enough we had high levels of Iron and Manganese . I do NOT recommend getting this kit .
 Test was adequate but kit only contained one test strip . I was expecting to be able to do more than one test for that price .
 This test kit was useless ! It did not contain directions . There were no graduated color charts showing degrees of chemical presence nor were there any numerical values for anything . The Lead and Pesticide strips came in a vile - what was one to do with them and how to interpret any results ? Again No Documentation at all - completely useless !! I would rate this a Zero star if possible .
 The product was incomplete , seemed to have been opened , even though I bought it &#34; new &#34; . I was so frustrated that I threw the whole thing out and called the Culligan man to help me with my water problems .
 The first package was missing the Bacteria test , but the rest of the tests were there , so sent back the entire kit asking for a replacement . Amazon shipped the product to me immediately , but the top of the replacement clam shell package had been bent back -LRB- opened -RRB- and guess what was missing?I had not thought to notice whether or not the first package had been previously opened , but I imagine that since it was clearly advertised as having the test included in the package - and the instructions for use were there as well - I simply had the unfortunate luck to receive defective -LRB- or previously returned -RRB- packages both times.I had also ordered another test kit from Amazon , PurTest Bacteria Water Test Kit With Bacteria , Nitrate , & Nitrite Tests , originally thinking to check one brand against the other as a backup . That product was complete and easy to use , so if you have well water and are in farming country , I 'd go that route instead , then if you see any indication of possible bacteria , have a professional test done immediately .
 I tested my new well water several times using this Watersafe kit and the results led me to believe that my water was a little hard -LRB- 140 on their scale -RRB- and had nothing else wrong with it . However , the water continued to have a strong metallic odor , so I had it professionally tested with results that totally contradicted the Watersafe results . The water was acidic , had a high iron concentration , and was quite hard . This kit is worthless -LRB- except , perhaps for the bacteria testing -RRB- . Save your money and get your local plumbing supply company to test it FOR FREE !!!
 I received the test kit Friday and no instructions where included just the testing supplies . i went online to find the instructions and i can only find drinking water not well water instructions .
 It works well to test water but it 's a one time use and for the price it does n't feel worth it . Go to the nearest Wally World or nearest Mega store to get a tester .
 we used the kit we got this evening -- we were wondering how hard our water was , if there was lead , how much chlorine , etc -- and every single measure came up perfectly neutral . only the very best bottled water could possibly get scores like this , and ours is hardly that -LRB- it reeks and causes the kin to flake -RRB- . so it was a dud , basically . do n't waste your money or time on this POC .
 Really poor instructions . For example , when making the very important measurement for the lead test , the instructions are so poor and the measurement device so silly , that it is not possible to know if you are doing it right . I bought two of these to do water tests at home and ended up throwing them both away without completing any of the tests .
 I purchased this kit to get a better understanding of my water chemistry as I am a home brewer . This kit comes with a single paper cromatography strip for each attribute it tests . For $ 25 i expect either more than a single test strip or much more precise readings . To be fair it is VERY easy to use and VERY straight forward . But I just ca n't get over the single use aspect of this kit .
 This test kit came missing two tests . The packaging for the copper test strip was included , but it was empty -LRB- there was no test strip inside -RRB- . It was also missing the strip -LRB- and packaging -RRB- for the pH/hardness/chlorine test . The plastic box that contains all of the contents can be opened and closed by anyone -LRB- it is not secured shut in any way -RRB- .
 Do not buy it ! The package is easy to open that is why there are some test missing > This is the second test that I bought from a different company and the same problem ! The one that is missing is the bacteria test ! ... DO NOT BUY IT !
 The test results for bacteria turned out wrong when I compared it to the test I turned into the city for just $ 10.00 Sorry i bought it .
 I paid almost $ 300 for the toilet because it has a 4 '' flush hole instead of 3 '' . Little did I know that the flush handle was made of plastic instead of metal . This plastic flush handle might last 2 months if you 're lucky . It will be cheaper and way less of a hassle for me in the long run to just buy another brand of new toilet that has a metal handle .
 I ordered this yellow toilet seat to match my bathroom , as I could not find a padded yellow seat at any of my local home improvement stores . It turned out to be the most lightweight , cheap toilet seat my family has ever sat on . In less than 6 months ' time , the entire seat loosened on the bowl and can not be tightened , and the plastic feet on the bottom cracked off . Furthermore , if one sits on top of the closed puffy lid , say , to put on one 's socks , the lid loses its air and remains unattractively compressed for hours . Ugh ! Do not waste your money on this seat , even if you are desperate for a yellow one .
 I spent several man days using this tool in the installation of a staircase . I discovered after it was complete that at least one of the planes is not true . It was at least 5 degrees off !! I spent much time and material reworking the staircase after I discovered the defect . I confirmed the defect by comparing the performance of this level with several other levels that I have used over the years , once I suspected it was n't true .
 I bought this originally to do cabinet installation and it didnt work out as planned . It has too small of a footprint -LRB- it 's too short -RRB- and gets out of level by the smallest of irregularities on any given surface . Well specifically kitchen cabinets . I ended up going home to grab my 6 foot level.Another nitpick with it is the switch . You rotate the switch to turn it on and rotate it to turn it back off . It will easily turn itself back in if jostled inside a tool bag.However our dog just loves chasing the laser beam around the house so I 'll probably keep this toy , hence the two stars .
 Not worth the money . If you are looking for laser pointer , get something else . You have to almost lose the screw in order for the laser beam to turn off .
 Everybody is right , the on/off switch is terrible . Laser is somewhat accurate . Level rather heavy to keep in tool pouch . Basically a torpedo level with a playtoy for a laser . If you need a good , accurate laser , stick with the PLS series .
 This Capacitance Meter works just fine if you leave it in a conditioned environment , but I use mine in different locations and after I put it in my tote-bag in my truck - along with all my other instruments - I found that this Elenco was the ONLY tool that warped up terribly to the point that the meter-scales on the front were unreadable and the plastic case itself was warped . It was not even a super-hot day . Even the much cheaper imported volt-meter and related tools sustained NO damage from being in my truck . I can not recommend this tool at all .
 It looks nice in the photos but that is where it ends . Very chaeply made , low quality . Suggest you avoid .
 Basically , I should have listened to the other reviewers . Replaced a small incandescent nite light in my kitchen with this one . The old one actually put out a little more light than I needed - to be able to do things like navigate to/from , get a drink of water , etc. without turning on the overhead lights . This new LED barely lights up an area about 1 ft around the light itself . Totally useless for anything - ca n't believe they actually are still marketing this unbelievably poor excuse for a light . Would give it a zero if that were possible . Total waste of money .
 Unfortunately neither of these nightlights worked . One flickered , the other was on all the time . Neither of the motion detectors seemed to work . I moved between various outlets and they did the same thing no matter where they were plugged in . I would return them , but it would probably cost more to ship than I 'd get back .
 They function ok , but the light color an unattractive blue-ish shade of white . Had I known that , I would have purchased something else .
 We ordered these for my son 's nursery hoping it would come on at night & go off during the day , but it ends up just staying on all the time . It is also not very bright , just enough that I can see where I am going , but not enough that I can nurse him by that light alone .
 Okay . I wish the light were a little of a warmer color and brighter . But they 'll help guide you to the bathroom okay .
 I purchased a few of these nightlights based on the ratings of others . Big mistake . If you are looking for a nightlight to replace any of the bulb variety you might be using now , forget about these . You will be greatly disappointed in comparison ! These nightlights have a large bezel giving the impression they 'll emit enough light , however the LED bulb is about 1/5 the height of the bezel and barely lights it 's own cover , let alone a few inches around it . Run , do n't walk from these . Stick with the incandescent bulb styles .
 My family finds it way too bright for bedroom use . Also the automatic on/off does not work seem to work very well . It needs a lot of light to cause it to turn off . More light than our overhead bedroom , hallway , and kitchen lights provide . Even in daylight with all kitchen lights on , it does not turn off.It does turn off when the bathroom light is on , however in that case the lights are only about 4 feet away from each other.I 've decided to use it in the hallway and bathroom and just live with it always being on .
 I purchased this to remove the rust off of my BBQ grill . It did not get it off ... as a matter of fact , it barely got any of it off . Very dissapointed .
 I used it for about two days and did not like the greasy feeling it left me with . Plus I broke out in pimples after the first day . So I leave it out on the sink and today -LRB- 4 days later -RRB- I decide to try it again and its covered in mold !!! It wasnt in a dark place !! So I threw this girl away :--LRB- first time I dont like something from LUSH .
 I 'm very disappointed in Bosch for the design of this product . This `` adapter '' will not adapt to anything you have in your workshop , such as a standard 1-1/4 '' ShopVac hose . It adapts to 35mm . But worse , the product description that Bosch provides does not describe the product at all . No dimensions are given!If I had * known * that I needed an adapter for this adapter , I would have ordered it at the same time , since the price is less than what it costs to ship . I was able to get this adapter to work by going to my local Woodcraft store and buying an inexpensive vac hose multi-adapter which has stepped diameters . -LRB- You just cut it to fit the two parts you 're trying to mate . -RRB- Bottom-line
 I was just scratching my head , why this small plastic part did not come with sander . It cost almost 1/5 of the sander with S&H. ; The round hole is too small ! It reduces airflow to about 1/3 of the original oval hole . More , round hole is very non-standard , so you will need adapter for this adapter , if you have any standard american hose . Btw , Bosch hose i a joke . Do n't even think about that.I made a new adapter for my 2 '' Ridgid hose , which goes from the outside of the oval hole , not from inside . Airflow more then tripled.I would not recommend this to anybody with enough skills to make a better adapter .
 Shipping was a ripoff , I paid $ 8 for shipping.I did have to buy a step adapter for my shop vac becase I did n't want to buy another adapter and spend another $ 8 in shipping . My sander worked a lot better when I attached it , however the clips that hold it to the sander broke after 2 weeks.Bosch , same on you for such a terrible system .
 I purchased the RS006 and VAC001 as a package . What can you say about an adaptor . It works . it fits the Bosch sander just fine . The ear clips are poorly fitted when compared to the exhaust filter that ships with the sander . Had to force mine to extend far enough to clasp the sander . The lack of dust in my enclosed basement workshop is its endearing quality . Bosch should ship this attachment with the sander . Cost more to ship it than to purchase it .
 I bought this adapter for an older 3283dvs sander , which originally came with a flimsy bag filter . I also added a microfilter cartridge . After sanding a kitchen 's worth of cabinets and 8 conference room tables , I do n't think the system has collected more than a couple of tablespoons of dust . Most of it ends up on the outside of the sander or in the air . Apparently , my sander is just not set up right for the pressurization of the microfilter.I am a big fan of Bosch tools and believe they are genuinely well-engineered . But I bought this system on their customer support agent 's recommendation and wish I had n't
 I have a Bosch 1295 DVS . The ears on this adapter will not grab the sander . I spend so much time fighting this adapter , I do n't enjoy using the tool . Last night I gave up and decided to go buy a different sander . Tool manufacturers have a responsibility to take dust collection seriously . Sadly , Bosch does not live up to their responsibility .
 The end piece does not fit my shop vacuum . It is the same diameter . If i am to use it i will have to grind the male piece down to hopefully work properly . Poor design and product description .
 Do n't buy this product from watercoolerboy of watercoolerboy.com ! Be warned that `` 3 year warranty '' actually translates to `` I 'll deny responsibility when it breaks and try to take more of your money . `` Though the seller was easy to work with at first , suggesting that my broken valve was a common problem , secondary to normal wear and tear and sediment in our water , things got a bit more dicey when his quick fixes fell apart like a cheap suitcase . He tried to convince me that he was a `` business man , '' that I was n't going to be taking advantage of him , and that only the filter was covered under warranty.So I tried to call the manufacturer as he suggested that I `` look elsewhere for a better deal . '' BUT seeing as how the manufacturer only sells through middlemen distributors , I 'm stuck sending him $ 15 to ship a USED 6 ounce valve that he has `` lying around . '' Wait , let 's make it a deal ! $ 10 for something I should have gotten for free.Save your money for a seller that will honor his posted warranty without trying to squeeze every penny he can out of your pocket - take your business to someone who deserves it.As for the filter itself , it works swimmingly . Our only problem was that the valve mechanism inside is broken and automatically engages to send water to the filter after a certain pressure . Either way , why take a chance on buying a filter when you know for a fact that if yours does n't work , you 'll be sold a half-price replacement instead of the one you 're owed .
 I 've been a kit-builder hobbyiest for more than 30 years with no problems , but ... this kit -LRB- I ordered two units -RRB- is a dissaster ! It does not work at all.If you get an assembled one it is O.K. but he kit is useless . DONT BUY THIS KIT ! I own a factoty assembled one and works fine !
 This item just for the student to learn how the multimeter work and read the diagam circuit.The multimeter is bad quality . the measurment of Alternating current and ohm are incorrect.Design of the diagram may be Incorrect.I need to change the resistors ` value to find out what ' problem . If you want to buy a multimeter to work.Please forget it . do not buy the trouble
 Item described and labeled as a kit , but it comes assembled . Tried twice , but no luck . I would not buy this item .
 The product description and pictures of a kit are inaccurate . The meter arrived fully assembled , probably in China . This was a disappointment . If I had known it was n't a kit even though the words and pictures said it was a kit , I would n't have purchased it . On the plus side , it does come with a zippered black vinyl case that has room for the test leads and a folded paper manual . Included was a new 9V battery in good condition , and a set of two AA batteries that were leaking electrolyte .
 I took a lot of time to evaluate & price this before choosing Air King blower as well as the vendor `` FLEKSTER '' . So I was quite disappointed when the item arrived damaged due to inadequate packing . It is an expensive , heavy & bulky piece that requires more than just a flimsy cardboard box & thin bubble-wrap bag.I have wasted both my time & money with this vendor.Please do not waste yours .
 Tried everything to keep this filter from floating . Finally pulled it after 3 weeks of no success . Is there a perfect filter out there ?
 So cheap , did n't even have instructions.Stuck it in the garage . Do not buy this . It truly is a piece of rubbish
 No , this does n't work as shown . First , it 's not even rectangle , it 's oblong . Weird . I could n't get it to stay opened , it kept folding shut . Nothing like the picture !
 One is still in its packaging - the other that was used temporarily is in the trash . The velcro that was sent did n't work and the seller never replied to me - I had a buy velcro that cost as much as the door .
 Not a good product . Tried to get it straighten out like it looks in the picture so it would be a rectangle and the top piece broke . It does leave a great deal of gaps which defeats the purpose of purchasing it to have fresh air and not bugs .
 This door was NOT what I expected . It looks so nice in the photo but in reality it does n't work . The metal frame is so flemsy it wo n't hold the shape in the photo . The top kept falling over away from the door frame . The plastic pieces that fit on either side kept falling out , and the door `` handle '' that you see is just a piece of plastic . It did keep the bugs out but kept falling down when we went in and out of it . The white bar in the middle is just ribbon cause there is nothing there to sturdy the rest of the frame to keep it up . Finally sold it for $ 5 to someone desperate for something . HA ! Warning it does NOT do what the picture shows .
 product ordered not product received in mail . had purchased before from another vendor . could n't believe the hardware required to install ! nothing good to say about this purchase experience . product thrown out !
 I bought this because I live in a rental place thinking I wouldnt need to drill or screw anything into the doorwall because the product states `` Simple to install NO TOOLS ! . Well to my surprise thats the first thing they ask you to do . The screen itself does not line up with the door they say it fits any door up to 36 inches and my door measured 35 inches . I measured it purposely to make sure it would fit before purchasing it . The gaps that remain around the door would let every insect in bringing me to the third misleading thing about this product . `` It keeps out insects and other pests '' . Pretty hard to hold up to that claim when you have gaps all the way around the door . Very misleading represenation of this product . Save yourself the hassle and go with something different .
 Its not worth buying . The corners of the screen that is not velcro dont stay put . I had a get together at my house and every outside bug was in my house . I am still not able to kill all of the bugs . Find another option besides this one because it doesnt keep the bugs out .
 I just got this in today and I am returning it tomarrow . It is very flimsy and the corners stick out and do n't stay flush against the door . It is $ 12 something for it and the shipping is like $ 8 something . I learned my lesson . You can go to lowes or homedepot for a wooeden screen door for like $ 20 . Or metal frame for $ 30 .
 i ordered a product based on the description of the product . what i received was completely different . the screen door sent not only absolutely does NOT fit the description but does not come close to fitting . I contacted company for return and they have not responded . I am very dissatisfied and very upset .
 This paint has some kind of metal leaf within it , that causes a dark gray powdery color to rub off whenever it is touched . I painted a large lateral file cabinet with it , and now need to redo the entire thing , since it was intended to hold archival white art boards . While the company has offered to repay me for the cost of the paint , it took 4 man days to paint the cabinet , and 3 for it to dry , and now I will need to redo everything . Very poor product .
 We bought this product to replace a Garrity spotlight that had served us well for several years.Pros
 This light is rated at 1 Million/cp . When I used it along with an older version Victor 1 Million/cp light : It was only about half as effectiveHad a much shorter battery life before requiring re-chargeTook longer to re-charge
 I purchased 2 of this . the first one 's battery would n't hold any charge after a month of not much use . Thinking I had gotten a defective item I bought a second one only to find the same problem.I do not recommend this spotlight to any one .
 Light has very little battery life . Even after following the instructions of first charge and fully hcarging it before every use , the max run time of the battery is no more than 20 minutes . Certainly it will last longer if you use it periodically but for us , we use it on our boat and it was truly a waste of money . Spotlight is not on for more than 10 seconds at a time because we just use it to see the navigational markers at night and even then we cant use it for more than one hour . Very comfortable grip but does not good to be comfortable if you cant use it . Would never buy this again .
 I ordered this product Monday night and I requested a cancellation 7 AM the next day and they refused it saying it was already too late . Now , I have to wait for it to come then return it and they are deducting a $ 7 shipping fee for the return . To say I am furious at the way this company handles their business is a huge understatement .
 The humidifier pads are fine but I felt that the Amazon page for this item was misleading . It says `` Set of two '' and lists a price . The price is for one though , not for two . You will be charged twice the price shown . I think that 's fraudulent .
 It was supposed to be new and the seller sent me a used one -- stiff brittle and discolored . I used it anyway but will not buy anything else from him .
 I ordered this night light thinking it was cut glass & painted . What I received was a square glass holder with a laminated Chin picture slid between the glass plates . The product looks cheap . I bought the night light as a gift & then decided not to give it away because I was so diaspointed . The description of this product should be changed so that customers know exactly what they are getting .
 beware of a false picture showing 1 1/8 in hex with one round end . I received one with hex all the way .
 I was trying to replace two seats with same looking slow closers . The product photograph does not match what was sent . Product that was sent had a very different look . Fortunately , with Amazon , returns are no problem . Amazon could save a lot of shipping costs if their products matched the pictures . These were returned and I purchased others from Amazon . Again , the replacements did not match the picture . This time the look was acceptable and they were installed .
 Does not fit the lower cost hammer I purchased and the Amazon web page ad says , `` people that bought this also bought this ... ''
 This moulding is very cheap , but in very bad quality . The machine made rope moulding is supposed to be smooth . But for this one I received , it is very bad , especially the corner part , too disappointed .
 I bought it for the Chinese `` brandless '' demolition hammer and it does not fit . They were advertising that it was bought together . They have a different model now and it fits.So one star for not being for the right product but otherwise it looked ok .
 Does not fit the low cost hammers . The web page ad for the low cost hammer is deceiving .
 I purchased this to remove the rust off of my BBQ grill . It did not get it off ... as a matter of fact , it barely got any of it off . Very dissapointed .
 Would I have purchased a sander without a dust collector ? Absolutely not.Despite its appearance , this sander has little to no functional dust collection . Now that the room where I 'm working is completely dusty after 15 minutes of sanding and I will have to clean it all up anyway , I will use this unfortunate product for the duration of my project and then send it on its way to Goodwill.I expected better from Black & Decker .
 This `` Air King '' is NOT `` Industrial Grade '' it is `` Baby 's Room Grade '' because it does n't move much air . At high speed it only blows a gentle downdraft . I mean , it 's worth 56 bucks but do n't expect much out of it . Darn .
 I love the look but am disappointed . It turns at very high speed even on low . It moves very little air even when the blades are swirling around at 1000mph making a lot of noise there is barely a breeze . People keep asking me it is is turning backwards . It 's not , it just does n't work well .
 Have tried this product and so far I am not impressed . This is not a product that is supposed to be used on tool rests or power equipment tables as a previous reviewer suggested and actually many tradesmen have used floor paste wax for that with excellent results . This product is supposed to be used directly on the tool for cutting metal ; whether that is steel , stainless steel , aluminum , etc. . It worked okay but you really do have to apply after every cut , regardless of the process . No lubricant works best for all applications and materials , but in comparison Cut-Ease Stick Lubricant generally performs better .
 we purchesed this pipe to use between the pump and the waterfall box . it was not strong enough and connecting it was next to impossible . would not purchase again .
 Has tremendous 60Hz hum in normal residential environment , did n't even test it in more demanding commercial or industrial environments . The hum masks the signal to the point where I almost have to touch the cable to hear any signal at all . No way can I use it to trace cables in a wall . Totally worthless .
 I purchased this fan several months ago . Soon after purchasing , the motor blew on it . I understand that sometimes things go wrong , so I contacted the Air King customer service . Their attitude was completely hostile to me from the very beginning . First they said they would send a replacement , then they said I would have to ship it back and they may or may not fix it . The single worst customer service experience I 've ever had - it made going to the DMV seem like good times ...
 From step 1
 Why would anyone design a hose pot with absolutely no drainage in the bottom ??? Beats me !! You ca n't turn it over to empty it out once the 50 or more feet of hose is in it . Only thing to do is get out your drill and put in your own holes . Also a lot of money for a piece of plastic . Not bad enough for me to repack and return , but would not buy again .
 I would argue this is not even a hose bowl but appears to be a planter the manufacturer re-selling as that falsely . A couple big items :1 -RRB- This is not a stone pot , it is a very cheap light plastic2 -RRB- There is no drainage at the bottom or lid , so if it rains , guess what happens to your bowl .3 -RRB- There is no cylinder down the middle to allow for easy rolling of the hose , which means lots of knots and a complete mess inside.Go buy the real thing .
 These work but you 'll have to drill holes in them to let out rainwater . The material is not very heavy , so pulling the hose out sometimes takes the entire contraption along with you . I 'd prefer heavier-gauge plastic or better yet , ceramic .
 Pot appeared as described -- but -- much too light . It tipped over every time it was used . No drain hoes -- so you have to dump rainwater out . Got a ceramic one ... with holes .
 Let me start out by saying these handles are beautifully designed , however they are on the long side so make sure you measure your clearance before you purchase . Also , do n't wait past the 30 days to return an item to buypumbling.net . They will not give ANY reimbursement , even on a NEW and NEVER used item and they do not make ANY exceptions . I would recommend buying straight from amazon . They look out for their customers and truly provide outstanding customer service .
 Beware -- the Minka Group 's customer support is terrible . When the fan breaks , as ours did , the employees will refuse to help you . The Lifetime Warranty apparently only applies to the dealers .
 Beware -- the Minka Group 's customer support is terrible . When the fan breaks , as ours did , the employees will refuse to help you . The Lifetime Warranty apparently only applies to the dealers .
 For 60 plus bucks , you 'd think the glove would last longer than a week . I guess after reading the information from their website , lifting retaining wall blocks does not qualify as masonry work . Ripped holes in fingers and palms in about four days . Customer service from the company is the biggest joke . Was supposed to be sent an address to send the gloves back to , never got it . Guess they do n't care . Got another brand of mason gloves for 25 bucks and they have lasted for 5 months now . Stay far away from these gloves , you 'll only waste your money .
 I bought the newer version of these gloves , the ICON series . Suppose to be so much better . This is an absolute honest statement
 For 60 plus bucks , you 'd think the glove would last longer than a week . I guess after reading the information from their website , lifting retaining wall blocks does not qualify as masonry work . Ripped holes in fingers and palms in about four days . Customer service from the company is the biggest joke . Was supposed to be sent an address to send the gloves back to , never got it . Guess they do n't care . Got another brand of mason gloves for 25 bucks and they have lasted for 5 months now . Stay far away from these gloves , you 'll only waste your money .
 I bought the newer version of these gloves , the ICON series . Suppose to be so much better . This is an absolute honest statement
 I liked the idea of it . It takes some practice and even then is not a very good tool . I work in construction/carpentry and have let people I work with try it and cant find anyone who likes it . Also if you put it in a tool box it gets beat up and you do n't get a smooth finish .
 This is nothing but a panel with two clips . You have to pull it off and on every time for access . It is NOT a hinged type door . Very poor design . I would have never bought it if I knew how poorly it attaches to the sheetrock .
 This is the model that is for data only -- not for phone calls . Unfortunately , the description does n't bother telling you that .
 This product dfid not last 1 hour mowing time . Do not buy ! It is not worth the time to install it .
 I purchased this knowing full well that this value brand probably was going to be slightly inaccurate . I was fine with it being off by a couple of thousandths or so , but the product I got was terrible!The reading would fluctuate by over 2 tenths ! TENTHS ! It will read 1.8 '' when it should 've read over 2 inches . Even opening the caliper very slowly , the number would sometimes jump down by .3 '' before returning to the correct value a few hundredths of an inch later . I 'm going to try for a replacement . Hopefully the one I received was a fluke and if the replacement is better , I will change my review .
 I use this caliper for reverse designing of parts so it does n't get used very much . I have 30 + years experience in manufacturing much of which was metal machining.I was measuring a part and the measurements using the inside surfaces seemed to be off approx . .007 inch . I calibrated the caliper and sure enough it was off that amount . Closely examining the measuring edges revealed that they were greatly worn . I have a Mitutoyo caliper that is 30 years old , was used daily for many years , and is still in fine working order . I 'll order a Mitutoyo now to replace this one .
 If the price looks too good to be true , there 's a reason . This thing was off by several thousandths and could not even return to zero within a thou . This might be good for a hobbyist , but if you need to accurately measure anything , then do not bother . Best thing I can say about this contraption is that they cheerfully refunded my money .
 I 'm not happy with this . I bought it because the picture and some of the user reviews said it had a fractional inch mode.However , the one I got does not look like the one in the picture , does not have fractional inches and does not include the spare battery .
 does not work well due to the long length , and no way for the measuring reader to tell where it is on the rod . if you want to use this to measure a brake drum , the reading is immediately wrong after expanding the claws . you could see this by zeroing the caliper , then fully expanding it and closing it . the closed reading goes from 0.00 to off by 22mm . a calibration stick is needed for large measurements , otherwise all measurements are far from accurate
 After being urged by an associate to purchase this Neiko Digital Caliper , I purchased it and was anxious to put it to work . I brought it along on an important project during which I would be verifying dimensions on a large number of SKUs . It quickly became apparent that the readings were not consistent . Smaller dimensions came in OK , however , when I would go past about 7 '' or so the accuracy seemed to disappear . This was very frustrating and I reverted to using my tape measure instead for nearly the entire project . At this point I consider the purchase of this product to have been a complete waste of time and money . The saying `` you get what you pay for '' has been proven correct in this instance .
 Well the Caliper is great but you might as well buy your own batteries from the start . I got two Calipers and both came with two batteries each but none of them worked .
 Purchased 6 of these as a trial for shop use . 2 were received defective and replaced without having to send defective ones back . Good thing because we have stripped the defective ones down to replace parts that keep breaking like the thumb wheel and end plate which the screws just randomly fall out of . On a good note the calipers measure accurately when run through calibration procedure . Outside jaws , inside jaws , depth and step all measure good . Too bad the calipers are made so cheaply . Will not ever buy again .
 Based on the previous good reviews , it sounds like I got a lemon . My set of calipers sometimes loses its mind . The digital readout will start incrementing even without sliding the caliper jaws . If I leave the calipers on my bench , I sometimes come back and find that the readout has climbed to a ridiculously high number like 90 '' -LRB- the calipers are obviously only 12 '' long -RRB- . If I pull the calipers out quickly it will lose count along the way . Full travel of the calipers should be 12.065 '' , but if I pull them open rapidly it only counts to 11 '' or so.For me , these were a waste of $ 40 . I tried to cheap out since my work is n't typically critical to more than .010 '' , but these are horrible . I bought a $ 125 economy set out of McMaster instead and they work great .
 This product shipped broken . After putting the battery in and carefully reading the poorly translated directions , it did n't work . Messed with it for about 20 minutes during which the display ready correctly for all of about 5 seconds.It 's CRAP ! I got ripped off and you probably will too .
 Several months later and the measurement is now jumping around . Every inch the whole length it will jump back a couple of numbers . Not very reassuring that the number is going to be correct . At this point its worthless trash . If anyone was wondering it has a new battery in it .
 On balance , I 'm unhappy with this product.I used it solely for bedtime reading with my wife asleep next to me.Pros : * Much dimmer light than incandescent , easier on the partner * bulb never needs replacingCons : * Batteries could never get inserted quite right . This meant the light could rarely be turned on without first jostling the batteries . * Drains batteries pretty quickly , even when not used . Better get rechargeables . * Dimmer light than incandescent , harder on you ! * Needs a hardback book to really work . It 's too heavy for paperbacks . * Particularly for bigger books , the light head does n't fold enough to cover all parts of the page . So you will likely be reading parts of the page in dim light , and parts in bright.As I said , on balance , this product needs work .
 I have bought 2 Zelco Fluorescent booklights and had bothfail after several months usage . The product is unreliable .
 This light is very good once it goes on . I 've used a few book lights so have a basis for comparison : Pros : - Brighter than most , fine for reading in dark space - Well directed light , so wo n't wake someone else in bedCon -LRB- and its a big one -RRB- : - It does n't turn on consistently . Once its on , it stays on and is great . But fluorescent bulb technology has a high start-up power need , then it runs on low power very well -- creates low heat too , very efficient . They just spec 'd the thing wrong in its battery power . So it irritatingly wo n't turn on . Sometimes I just leave the switch on and a few minutes later it comes on . Other time jiggling . Has nothing to do with fresh batteries.Note that the most positive review comes from someone who also recommended the AC adapter , which I suppose overcomes the problem.Overall , take a pass .
 Have tried to puchase both the fluorescent and the incandescent light and they both fail after about 8 weeks . The fluorescent 's batteries get sucked up in a matter of days when they should last for a month . The light NEVER turns on the first time you always have to shake the casing to re-align the Batt 's . The reason for the light in the first place is to not disturb your parter whilst they sleep . The incandescent one was even worse with all of the above mentioned problems with an electrical danger as well . The transformer in the wall adapter actually melted and it was plugged into a properly working Kingston surge protector . The light will not even turn on as the contacts wore out in just 7 weeks . Seriously , go with a normal flashlight and save yourself the money . These unweildy , unreliable , overpriced dangers should not be allowed to be sold .
 I have been using this book light solely during my bedtime readings and I must say that after a year and a half it started to brake down . The fluorescent light is the right size and brightness ; however , it does n't always light up entirely . It requires me to press hard in the area of the on button or simply keep turning it on and off until the whole bulb lights up . In addition , the joint between the light part and the handle started to make a squeaky sound especially noticed during the night . I tried putting oil in that spot since there are no screws I could adjust . Well , it made matters worst . Before I bought this gadget I worried about waking up my `` honey '' with the overhead light , now I worry about the teeth grinding sound that the book light makes . Time to get a better one before I 'm asked to sleep on the couch .
 True , this light is nice and bright ... once you actually get it to turn on ! Sometimes it will only take 2 minutes ; other times a full half hour before it lights up . I ca n't tell you how many times I 've started to throw it in the trash . Do n't waste your money on this one . Buy a cheap book light , even if you have to replace it more often .
 The people who commented about how long this light takes to turn on are absolutely right . It got so bad that I started timing it . It takes a minimum of two minutes to turn on and I have timed it at as long as six minutes . So when you just want a cosy read before bed , FIRST turn on the light , then go brush your teeth . By the time you get back , it might even be on.In all fairness , the light , when it finally does go on , is a nice bright white . I generally always use book lights with their AC adaptors , because I use them too much to bother with batteries . But you have to buy the AC adaptor separately.Even though the light is lovely , nothing this expensive should work so badly . But then , in my life , the search for the perfect book light is right up there with the search for the perfect hair dryer . Back to the drawing board , or the shopping cart , as the case may be .
 I bought this Light back in november and it is no longer working , i spent 35 + dollors on this product and it only lastest about 3 months what a rip off !!
 I 've had 4 of these blades in the 137 '' length in various widths/teeth . Of those , 3 had the ends welded crooked . If you hold the back of the blade against a flat surface , you can see a 1/8 '' -1 / 16 '' dip or bulge around the weld . When I run these on my bandsaw -LRB- Jet 18 '' -RRB- every revolution they go ` whump ! whump ! whump ! ' as they hit the rear carter bearing . The wood also jumps on each revolution , making it impossible to cut a straight line.Of the three brands of saw blades I 've used , these are the only ones with this problem.I tried filing/honing the bump off of one blade and simply gave up after 90 minutes . The other two I 'm returning.This might be a phenomena with the longer blades ; I have n't tried any of the shorter blades.The one that did have a flat back worked like a dream - smooth cuts , long lasting , quiet - everything the manufacturer claimed and then some . If they can ever get the weld figured out , I 'll go back to them , but for now , I 'll spend my money on something that does n't last as long , but at least does n't beat my saw to death .
 This lock does not even deserve one star . First , I could not get the cable into the lock . I had to stick a screw driver into the hole to get it the right size . Then once I got this fixed , it stopped retracting . I have not used this lock one time and as far as I 'm concerned it is junkck .
 I will keep this short and to the point , because I am RAGING over this junky lock and I might type something unseemly . OK . So it arrives on time by mail . I open it . I begin to reset the factory-set combo . As I 'm doing this very simple procedure , the tiny plastic nob on the back slips back into set mode . So now it has set , ON ITS OWN , a combo I do not know , because I 'm still creating mine as this happens . Guess what ? I am now screwed . It has set a combo I do n't know , so now I can NEVER open it or reset the combo unless I spend hours guessing what it set itself . I call Zelco . He says send it back . In less than 5 minutes , the lock is USELESS and I have to return it . When I ask how often this happens to customers , because it is INCREDIBLY EASY for it to happen , he hedges , and says `` Not that much . '' Well that 's too much . Zelco gets its lock back and I get a refund minus shipping . Thanks , Zelco !! Believe me
 We travel in third world countries and ordered this to provide a little more security while we 're sleeping . The materials used in this lock are just too flimsy to inspire much confidence . The main body is plastic . The metal bar which fits into the door jamb is thin and flexible so easily bends out of the way when pressure is put on the door . The serrations on the bar are not deep , so do n't promise much strength . While none of these locks can be expected to withstand someone trying to kick the door in , this one , while prettily-designed is overly expensive and unimpressive . We 're going to try a few others.By the way , in returning this item , which we consider unsatisfactory , Amazon will charge us doubly
 This item sucks , got it , broke second time I tried using it . Simply do not buy this overpriced piece of plastic .
 Save your money , this is a cheaply made product . It broke after 3 uses !!! I took it apart and the inside is made of cheap junk that simply can not survive even the smallest of jarring from the door . The concept is excellent , but the implementation if garbage !
 This is a waste of money - it broke on the second use . I took it a part to find out why and the entire locking force was applied via a sharp edge metal lever held in place by a 1/16 in plastic pin . It simply self destructed .
 First time when I saw this one , I thought It can provide me some kind of safety . Well , as everybody know and easy to notice that it looks very week . And I thought , if would work out . Ca n't be so week I imagine.But one day , one idiot who think my room is some kind of entertainment room , broke in to the door . LIterally , rush in to the door and smash the lock . Are you really joking ? This lock did n't even stand one time ! NOT EVEN ONE TIME ! -LRB- I was in the room -RRB- I do agree unless I was trying to run away from a serious killer I should n't be so disappointed because it is week . But still , are you really kidding me?Anyway , I just notice that he the one who has worst manner that I ever seen before knock on the door so violently which is rush in to the door and totally bend the lock . I would n't dare say it is the lack of strength of the lock . But still , it did n't even stand one time ! ONE TIME!By the way , I fixed it with one touch with my hammer because the steal part was very easy to bend as he did . Let me guess , is it really he rushed in to the door ? or just lock is too week ? Hmm ... Both , but still.If you are trying to buy this to get some kind of safety , do n't do it . ALL CRIMINAL who really try to take you and if the door is not locked but ca n't open like this , they will rush in to the door like a mad cow . For you confidence , might work out . But for safety , better to block the door with your bed instead of this .
 It took longer to unpack the lock from the box it came in than it did to have the lock break . -LRB- Less than 3 minutes . -RRB- This is worse than junk -LRB- junk does n't cost twenty-dollars -RRB- . I ca n't believe the beating I took on this item . I still think the idea is great . But `` plastic '' for a door lock ? So much for twenty-dollars .
 I took this to SE Asia for a six-month trip . It 's not easy to figure out how it works , which is unfortunate . But once it 's in place it provides some comfort for those hotels where locks either do n't exist or are n't trustworthy . After using it a handful of times , I could n't get the red locking handle to close . I wiggled the metal bar and the red handle , trying not to apply much force . But I heard a crack from inside , and that was the end of that . Not recommended if you can find anything else .
 I bought this at Home Depot . Used it for about 20 minutes and was n't getting very far . Then I remembered that vinegar can be used . I went on the Internet and Googled it . It said to mix white vinegar and water in a 1:1 mix . It worked 100 times better than this stuff . Save your money and your time and use vinegar and water in a 1:1 mix . You will be glad you did .
 THIS SET FUNCTIONS HOWEVER THE WRENCHES ARE HARD TO USE SINCE THE HANDLE KEEPS FOLDING AND DOES N'T PROVIDE GOOD GRIP . I WAS ABLE TO GET THE JOB DONE BUT WOULD NOT RECOMEND .
 Evive.com is NOT authorized to sell Franke products . Beware that we have no idea where this product came from and you can not be sure it is authentic Franke product . Please visit Frankeksd.com to confirn you are buying from an authorized Franke reseller .
 Inadvertently ordered the wrong size product . No reply from seller re
 Bought one of these 2 years ago for $ 400 . Loved it until the finish started peeling off in large chunks this spring on every part except one address plaque.I called Whitehall to explain the problem . Told me mailbox had a lifetime warranty on it . -LRB- Great ! I thought -RRB- They asked me to send my proof of purchase and photo 's . I did that and waited for their reply . A week later I e mailed them because I had not heard back from them . They e mailed me back saying they apologize for the condition of my mailbox but they determined the damage had been caused by road salt so they could not help me other than to replace the main box , because on that part only , it was a manufacturing problem and then offer me a 50 % discount on replacement parts . So for about $ 200 I would be back in business . What a great deal , huh !? Now the kicker.I live in a subdivision on a tributary street . The main through street gets plowed and salted . The tributary streets do not get plowed most time and they do not get any salt whatsoever . I do not salt my driveway and I do not live by the ocean . So where did the salt come from?And , what about the majority of people `` who do '' live on streets that get salted?If my finish came off in 2 years without salt how soon for those who do live on salted streets?With all the automotive finishes out there that last for many years Whitehall is not taking advantage of them . They have a finish problem and they are passing it off on the customer . It appears to be the preparation and priming of the aluminum parts.Bottom line.Whitehall products look great for a while and then the paint comes off in large chunks . So if you do n't mind an unsightly box in 2 years or if you want to lay out a lot more cash for replacement parts Whitehall is the product for you.A mailbox costing this much should keep it 's finish for many years and not be a costly maintenance issue salt or no salt.I would be interested in hearing from other customers who have had this same issue .
 This wood bubbled and rolled up after being glued . Total waste of money . just make sure it will work for you before buying .
 I ordered this item -LRB- part # 90054 -RRB- from OpticSale on Amazon to replace the black bezel that screws onto the front of my yellow Steamlight Survivor # 90541 . When I received this item , it was not for my particular Streamlight Survivor apparently , although I did not know there was more than one type . The diameter of the bezel that fits MY Survivor is 2 1/8 '' where the one in this description with this part # 90054 is around 1 5/8 '' . It also does not include the reflective cone that goes inside the bezel -LRB- which you can see that the current picture does show there is no reflective cone so that was fine -RRB- . The description here does not state any dimensions or to which Division # Survivor it is for . So , just a warning , make sure this fits your particular Survivor before ordering . Also , I do n't know if the reflective cone is really removeable from my lights bezel as I could not get it out and this part does not come with that reflective cone . I have since found one on Amazon that includes the bezel and reflective cone for a division 1 light that you can find if you type in `` Streamlight Facecap Assembly '' . But , this one does not include dimensions either so I do n't know if it will fit my light or not .
 received the wrong item and after almost 30 days still have not received the correct items that were ordered , vendor slow to respond to correspondence , would not buy anything from this vendor again
 Hi , I just purchased the breaker and when tried to use it did not work . One of the poles was defective.Ordered a replacement , and Amazon sent me a new one right away , but unfortunately , it came with the same problemSo , not going to risk for a 3rd defective breaker and asked for a refund instead.Connecticut Electric should test their breakers before the put them in the market.It is quite annoying !
 For the price and reputation of this product , I expected a spa experience which I did not get . Only two of the five settings really give sufficient coverage and pressure , but even then it 's not that great.Also I bought this from Buy Wholesale Cheap who is a seller on Amazon . Wish I 'd read the negative reviews on this seller 's profile beforehand , because they are horribly rude just as others had posted . All in all it was not worth doing business with them and I wo n't be buying from them again .
 The photograph is not for the unit being sold . The unit being sold is actually a Thermostat , not a combination Thermostat/Humidistat as reflected in the photograph . Complaints made to Amazon and the vendor regarding the discrepancy went unanswered . There were no problems returning the unit , however , I am now out-of-pocket the return postage and insurance .
 Mine was fine while it worked . Sadly , that was only a few months I replaced it with a better brand , rather than make two trips up there and wait for Lomanco to decide whether to honor the warranty or not .
 I used the Cyclops 5 led light for a couple of weeks and now the on/off button no longer works after 15-20 uses so I have to remove one of the batteries to shut it off . Has plenty of light so it 's not bad but cheaply made .
 This is not a good table if you are just needing a basic router table . I think the fence is a good value if you need the micro adjusting features , but people who need this probably would go for a different table anyway.The fence connects to the table via inserts instead of rails . This is limiting and sometimes its time conuming to adjust the location of the fence because you are limited by the inserts . For most routing jobs that do not require a two piece micro adjusting fence , a table with the fence on rails would be better.The other issue is that the fence , for as great as it is , does not have rails on it to place featherboards . This makes the fence limiting when working with certain pieces . I have seen some people replace their fences with super t rails or made their own so they could have rails on the fence.I think the table could be improved by adding slots for the fence to slide across as well as the addition of t slots on the fence . Those are n't even that difficult to add , but it significantly reduces the value of this table.On the good side , the fence is easy to use and does a great job at dust collection . the table is also very sturdy . But I only give this table 2 stars because of the deficiencies of the fence and the fact that few people who need the capabilities of the fence would be looking for a mid size , portable table .
 I purchased this table and like the others experienced problems with the insert . It was broken on the corner and sags under the weight of a normal router . In addition , the table is made from MDF and has leveling screws set in the MDF . One of mine is stripped and would not allow me to level the table . I would save my money and buy some other type of table . Freud makes many fine products , but this table is not one of them .
 As others here have said , the fence is great , but the plate is horrible , especially when considering the high-precision purpose of the fence . I 've spent the last few hours trying to mount my router to the plate , but now have concluded that the plate must be replaced , if any precision work is to be done on it.As far as I know , this fence is the only game in town for precision adjustment , short of spending about LOT more for the Incra precision-adjustable model . And so for now , it 's worth spending the extra time and money to make it work right .
 It is a decent table at or below list price but completely ridiculous at the current available price of $ 456.71 I suppose if you are a collector ...
 When I recieved the router table it was already damaged . It did n't appear to be from shipping . The box was intact . Part of the metal frame was pulled out of the bottom of the table with the screw holes stripped . I assembled it anyway , and found that the metal part of the fences that the wood fence faces attatch to were seriously out of parallel . Amazon 's exchage procedure worked great and a had a replacement table in no time . However , this one had the same problem with the damaged frame , and the fences were slightly out of parallel . The customer rep suggested that they must have got a bad batch of them , and suggested that I just get a refund , which I did . I then bought the same table at Lowes , got it home and found it was missing the insert that the router mounts to . I got a second one from Lowes . It had the parallel problem and the table was not completely flat , so I could not level the router plate to the table . All four had broken cable ties in the box . I never knew what they were supposed to be holding together . I give up . Frued has some serious quality control issues .
 The product needs help . Now , I need help . I am on my third freud table in a month . Today makes three separate occasions at the job site with the system down ... . There is a problem with quality control . Broken parts , misalignment , and plate deflection , as if these factors were imprortant . What more could a professional wood worker want ? One bright star for the fence . Buy the fence and put it on a competitor 's table
 The insert is junk it cracked and it sags wich means the material sticks when pusing through , not a good thing ! I do like the dual adujustable fences , makes setting one proud of the other a breeze . BUT
 I ignored the reviews of this table and purchased it for my buisness because I liked the fence.This insert for this table is of horrible design . I broke one during assembly , it just cracked in half when I was lowering it into the table . I called freud and they sent me out another . This time the corner of the insert cracked as I was tightening it to the table . I contacted Freud again and spoke with Troy who said they were out of stock for three weeks.If you purchase this table you need to budget another 50 dollars for an aftermarket insert from another company -LRB- like rockler -RRB- . I do not recommend this table .
 I would not recommend this table . The insert did not come predrilled for any router even the Freud 2 1/4 hp which I bought as a package deal with the table . The isert is very soft and sags with the weight of the router , which cause material to catch on the outfeed . The fence does not have a means to attcah finger boards . The miter fence track was to big for any of my miter fences , to much slop to be effective . Because of the insert issue with larger bits there is to much vibration and cause chatter mark on the material .
 I am a young carpenter but I have been doing this kind of work since I was a child . My father owned a construction business so I did n't have summer vacation . I built houses . Now I own the business and 10 's of thousands of dollars in the best tools . I have had this table for 1.5 years and it is a horrible thing for precision . I wish I would have read the reviews before I bought one . Everything written about this thing is true . The fence is nice but thats it . You have to take the thing apart to change bits . The table sags real bad and is hard to drill out for your router . I had to use my drill press to do it and counter sink the screws as well . You have to take it apart to store it or it will not fold up and the laminate fence pieces are curved . I just use it now with a cheap router to do stuff that does n't matter much .
 On the previous site they said to click a spot for a lower price . I did ! There was no lower price . It was the same as the original site ! Would not buy anything from a company that lied !
 I only have one problem which applies to most ALL these type cords from Amazon ... When you plug it in , they should make it VERY CLEAR if it goes to the LEFT of the outlet or the RIGHT!I bought two of these -LRB- one 6 foot , one 12 -RRB- and both went to the LEFT.That worked for the 12 foot , but I needed the other one to go to the right!I looked at more of these with the search box , NONE made it clear which direction they would go.Yeah , I should have looked closer at a larger picture , but it also SHOULD be in the specs!The quality is VERY good , but it looks ugly -LRB- and stupid -RRB- as the wall outlet is in a VERY visable location
 It does a fair job of putting moisture back into the air but if you leave it at Level 3 all night , your nose and your respiratory system will smell like metal all day ! I 'm serious . Thumbs down on this item .
 I received this product less than two months ago , and now the motor has burned out . I 'm trying to get in contact with the company through the yrs warranty , but that has n't been successful . I ca n't believe this , I really liked this product . I filled it up and went out shopping , when I got back home I found the smell of burned metal . I went into the bedroom and the and the smell was stronger , and my phone was n't working . The phone is on the same circuit as the humidifier , and because of the humidifier burning out ; it flip the breaker switch . Which really protected my house while I was gone , but I was so shocked . I could n't believe this happened . I 'm so disappointed with this product , so disappointed .
 This was a hunk of junk and I should have sent it back right away . Had a problem with the water tank leaking and messed up my wood floors in a spot before I caught it . JUNK !
 Been using this humidifier for one week now . Does a great job and has increased the humidity in the bedroom by over five percent and that is with the door open . Close the door and that figure goes to over ten percent . However , you do have to add water to the tank twice a day.Update May 27 , 2012 . After three and a half months of use the motor has burned out and the bedroom now smells like an electrical fire . Highly not recommended .
 After reading all of the favorable reviews , I went ahead and spent the money and bought this flashlight . I got it and saw that it did n't take batteries -LRB- maybe I missed that part in the reviews -RRB- . After using up every bit of my energy turning that da * -LRB- & $ #rn crank , the flashlight stayed lit a total of 2 min !!! My arm was so tired from turning that crank . I would have much preferred batteries -LRB- I 'll go to the gym for arm workouts - thank you -RRB- . Geesh I wish I had n't thrown away the box in my excitement , because I just want to get rid of this toy . If it had batteries or the light stayed lit a sufficient amount of time , this would have been a great first flashlight . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I SHOULD KNOW BY NOW -- BUY WHAT HAS BEEN REVIEWED PREVIOUSLY -- N0 WAY TO CHANGE THE DIRECTION OF THE AIR FLOW WHICH IS RIGHT NEXT TO THE HUMIDISTAT -- CAUSING IT TO GO ON AND OFF FREQUENTLY -- NOISEY 0N HIGH -- I HAVE TWO 0F MY OWN HUMIDISTATS EACH ABOUT 25 FEET AWAY FROM THE HUMIDIFIER AND THE COMPARISON IN HUMIDITY LEVEL IS SO DIFFERENT -- WHICH ONE IS CORRECT -- YOU NEED CHANGE THE WATER FREQUENTLY AS IT DRAWS IN THE SURROUNDING AIR -- BECAUSE OF IT 'S SIZE AND THE AMT OF WATER IT HOLDS-HARD TO PICK IT UP WITHOUT WATER SPILLING ALL OVER.PROS -- STILL LOOKING !!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered the LED version to see how it compares to the Pelican 2000 SabreLite Flashlight . I have used this light ; its rugged and durable.So its was time to see how the LED version works ... I ordered it from Amazon -LSB- $ 48.58 -RSB- . When I got in and tried to get the battery holder out it was stuck -- the metal contacts had separated from the holder , making it difficult to get out.Once I got the battery holder out I realized this was a cheaper battery holder tray than on the 2000 . - Strike One.I could not get the C cell battery in to the holder as the tray was warped . I had to take off the metal contact rods , bend them and snap them into place before I could get the batteries in - Strike TwoFinally when I tried to put the LED assembly back into the Ring it jammed on the side . Taking a closer look I saw that there was a small plastic tab on the side the LED assembly that was cracked - defective right out of the box!well thats Strike Three ... . and this game is over . Time to return this light.now I am `` waiting for a return autherization '' ... . not a good sign ... Bottom line : The company has cut back on quality to make more $ $ $ on an inferior product.My advise to them - make a LED upgrade for Saberlight 2000 owners -LSB- like MagLight has -RSB- and put the original battery holder into your LED version.To the consumer - STAY A WAY from this model . Stick with the Pelican 2000 SabreLite Flashlight .
 The light is nice bright white light . Good beam . The problem that I have with this one is that is feels like they put the wrong shroud on it . It 's the same size case as they put on the Pelican SabreLIte 2000 Flashlight . When I turn the light off all it takes is another half of a turn and the shroud pops off . You can even see the O-ring . As it sits I would n't see this being submersible at all.I did e-mail Pelican about this issue . They said , `` you should n't have to turn the shroud that far to turn the light off . '' I 'm going to send it back and see how well the replacement works . I 'll update this review at that time .
 I 've been searching for a flashlight for my boat . Ideally it 'd be made of a non corrosive material and be submersible . I tried the Streamlight ProPolymer 3C LED and really liked it but it failed to work once when I needed it . I think the LED module failed , but in any case it did n't make light when I pressed the switch , which is my primary requirement for a flashlight ! I replaced the Streamlight with the Pelican SabreLite 2010 LED hoping it 'd be better ... it 's not . The battery tray Pelican uses to insure the batteries are properly installed is flimsy . The tray fits very tightly and is difficult to remove when empty and even more difficult to remove when the batteries are in it . The body and bezel of this light are really well constructed but the battery tray is not of the same quality as the rest of the light . At this point I think it 's hard to beat a MagLite LED even though it 's not non corrosive nor submersible , it works every time I uses it . My quest for a quality polymer flashlight continues .
 I am not really sure about the effectiveness of the product as this was only one component of the thing that I was trying to hook up which did not work overall , however , I did want to comment that there are no installation instructions included so you had better know how to install it if you are going to buy it !!
 Immediately after installing 2 of these belts and running the sander , they came apart at the joint . This was before even sanding . The next belt started and finished the wood project . A fluke ?
 I was very disappointed with the merchandise I received . Instead of an OEM filter , I received a very cheap , flimsy , made-in-China imitation part . I will not do business with this merchant again ; when I order a Tecumseh filter , I expect a Tecumseh filter , not a Chinese knock-off .
 Bought a $ 354 dollar clawfoot tub faucet from them . When it arrived , there was a sticker on the outer box declaring that you had five days to contact them to let them know if you had any missing or damaged parts . We open the box expecting there to be at least a parts sheet so you can make sure you have the correct amount of parts . Nope , no part sheet , no installation instructions either . I e-mailed them asking them if there was a parts sheet and installation instructions . Instead of getting a polite response back I received an e-mail that just listed a phone number and their office hours . No `` Dear Customer '' no message , just an impersonal response back with phone number and hours.Okay , so we figured we 'd try and istall it and see if we do have all the parts even though we ca n't be sure so we try the faucet out and it 's not the right size . So back to their website so we can return it . Okay , not as simple as Amazon where you can just say you want to return it and then print up a return label . Nope , you need to call them so they can issue you a return number and then you have to wait for them to e-mail you with it . Okay , so I call . I listened to the automated message and mixed up the numbers they suggested and hit `` 1 '' . A woman with a distinct voice answered and when I said I wanted to return an item she said she 'd transfer me . I am then put on hold , and I wait , and I wait , and I wait , after about ten minutes I get another message saying that as I have waited so long they will transfer me to voice mail where I can leave my name and number and someone will get back to me . So I leave my name and number . I also then e-mailed them through their website saying that I just want to return an item.So I decided to call back and this time , I realized it was the `` 2 '' option I should have chosen to return something so I hit that and the same woman answers the phone . Apparently she is the return person also yet I had to be `` transferred '' the first time . So I tell her I 'd like to return the item . I am told that I will be responsible for the shipping charges and that there is a 10 % restocking fee as well ! She tells me this is listed on the retun an item page . It should be listed on the product page imo . I am told if I agree to store credit instead of being refunded they 'll they 'll waive the return fee charge.I then went into a discussion how I bought this faucet for a clawfoot tub that needs a top mount faucet . The faucet they sent me was listed as a top mount faucet but in actuality it is a side mounted faucet with an adapter set of feet to make it a top mount faucet . I found the same exact faucet on another site for $ 190 minus the adapter part . Signature sells the same faucet without the adapter part for the same $ 354 that I paid for the one I received . I point this out to the woman on the phone and tell her that I can get that same faucet and buy some couplers and an arm joint -LRB- that will do the same thing as the adapter feet that came with it but are more adjustable -RRB- that her site sells and still come no where close to what I paid for initially . She then says , ignoring the fact the price of their faucet is so much higher than the other that I can buy the couplers from them and I do n't have to pay the restocking fee . And then I say , and if those do n't work I then will also need to pay the restocking fee on those and the faucet as well . We go back and forth a few times were I am obviously not happy and she asks me if I 'd like to talk to a manager . I say yes I would , I am then , of cours , put on hold , again , where I again wait and wait and wait , and again , get a voice mail message that , again , that person is n't available . What a shock !! Again , I leave my name and number , and again , still have n't received a call back.After I left my name and number and waited awhile I called back because I wanted to make sure I was going to be refunded and not credited as we had left the conversation hanging when I was transferred to the manager I was never able to connect with . When I called I thought I was again talking to a return person and I started off saying I had called before and the person immediately says they are going to transfer me , I say I do n't want to be transferred -LRB- fearing again it will just end up a long wait and then the option of voice mail -RRB- . I then start to explain my situation and the woman says `` This is sales , I do n't handle returns '' . I said , Oh , I 'm sorry I thought I was talking to returns and as I am still talking she hangs up on me !! I again call and this time clearly recognize the woman I was talking to before , I tell her I just want to verify that I will be refunded and not given a store credit and she starts to say she 'll transfer me to `` Angela '' the manager - I quickly say no , I do n't want to be transferred I just want verification that I will be refunded when I return this . She asks for my order number again and I give it to her and am told I will be refunded . I then tell her about my experience on being hung up on and she apologizes and then says `` Oh , we 're having some issues with weather here ! '' I 'm like , yeah , right . I did tell her that I 'd be willing to keep the product if they would be willing to send me for free the additional parts that might make the faucet work . I was told , `` Sorry , that 's not my department , I only deal with returns , I can transfer you to `` Angela '' . As I 've already been transferred several times and have never gotten to speak to `` Angela '' and `` Angela '' never returns my calls I said , `` No thanks , I 've already been trasferred to the fictional `` Angela '' before . I then just said I 'll return the product and buy the faucet and coupling parts I need somewhere else . Did thank her for her time though because at least she was polite and it 's not her fault she works for a lousy company.And here is their return policy : You may return an item for refund or replacement provided that you contact us within 30 days of the shipment date . All items returned must be in sellable condition.To return an item , you must contact customer service at rma@signaturehardware.com for a Return Merchandise Authorization number . The RMA number must be clearly marked on the outside of the box to qualify for a refund or replacement . Packages received without a RMA number will be refused at our dock and sent back to the sender.Returns must be sent in original packaging , including the box and packing materials . Items that have torn or marked boxes will not be accepted . Items that were shipped in shrink wrap packaging must remain in the shrink wrap . Items scratched , dented , or otherwise damaged because of insecure packing will not be eligible for return . Avoid excessive markings to the box and use packaging tape , not duct tape , to reseal the box.Clearly label the box with our address : Signature HardwareReturns Department -LRB- Write RMA number here -RRB- 610 Dolwick DriveErlanger , KY 41018As you can see , they are quite picky about how you send it back . If you get something shrink wrapped and you open the shrink wrapped package then it sounds like you ca n't return it ! Sounds very sketchy to me . Wish I had read all this first and from now on I will make sure I check out the return policies on any website I go to . Never really had to before now as most retailers seem honest and legit that I 've dealt with.Also wanted to point out that they had listed `` Return Policy '' and `` Return Process '' one says to e-mail them to get the return info and the other says you must call so that 's why I called because I had n't read the other option and they are in two different sections .
 I think this book is okay . If you are into rope art and are a beginner , I would recommend The Two Knotty Boys , Showing You The Ropes . This book breaks down the different knots and such , also , more detailed photos , in my opinion .
 the illustrations are poor . the book is on the westernized style of rope bondage . if you want to learn the more traditional shibari ties look elsewhere .
 I would not recommend this book to anyone.The instructions are confusing ; the illustrations are unclear ; terminology is different from one part of the book to another ; PAGE NUMBERS ARE EVEN WRONG !!! This book is so poorly written it got me confused on bindings I already knew how to do .
 I entirely agree with Roland 's rant about weak or missing product descriptions . Still nothing well more than two years after his review . While I did find a list of the bits included on the Grizzly website -LRB- hardly the `` complete specs , '' as one commenter claimed -RRB- , and someone here finally did specify 1/4-in shanks , there 's certainly no information here or there to entice me to spend hundreds on these particular bits over others.Again , how are they different , what are they made of , who makes them , and why should I buy them ? A bit of information about the case -LRB- size , materials , etc -RRB- might be useful as well .
 In marketing these bits , you have failed to deliver on the value proposition to the potential customer . What makes these bits different from the competition ? What are they made of ? What shapes do they represent and how many are there of each ? These may be good quality bits , but I would never buy based on how they are presented .
 There is no info on these who would buy a product without knowing the specs on it . Case in point are these 1/4 shank or are these 1/2 shank router bits .
 Hooked up a master and two remotes per the wiring diagram . It did not work . Double and triple checked connections and voltages to no avail . LEDs lit up for the remotes , but the master was blinking . Instructions said an intermittent or non-working LED was an indication of too low of a load -LRB- at least 100W -RRB- , but the load was a chandelier with 20 25W light bulbs . Replaced the master , but the new master acted the same . Contacted the manufacturer , sending them several e-mails but they did not respond to any . Do n't waste your time or money on this product .
 Ordered two 9542 dimmer switches . One switch worked OK , the second did not work . Tough to trouble shoot since it took a while to validate there was no issue with the wiring . Lucklily , I had ordered two and finally could test each switch in both locations and validate one of them worked ok , and the second did not . Not able to exhange via Amazon , only return and then go out and re-order another one .
 this is a great product and pleasing to the eye , however this product is marketed incorrectly.i say this because they are not mentioning anywhere on this page that this device only works with another.the device on the page is a smart `` remote '' dimmer and to function you require another device called a smart `` master '' dimmer.so please look out for it , and do n't be stuck as i have .
 I wanted to put two of these bulbs on an X-10 circuit , but could n't because they flickered constantly , even when they were supposed to be off . On a conventional dimmer , they flicker when they 're at low light levels . These might be okay as ordinary light bulbs , but they disappoint while dimming and ca n't be used at all with X-10 controllers .
 I rated this only two stars because you can not choose the color . Otherwise I would have given 4 stars -LRB- because in one roll there were 2 defects -RRB- . I had sent an email to the supplier asking for black cord , but never got any reply back . The color that came was Yellow . If color is important to you , look around , there are other providers .
 Pelican Mini Flasher # 2130It does not work very well and you have to turn and turn ; and thenit might work . It needs some grease . Would not advise buying thismodel . Buy a larger one . The picture looks larger ; but it is verysmall .
 It 's dim and has already stopped flashing in only 2 uses . It does come on steady still , but does not offer the safety I purchased it for .
 Perhaps the batteries in the new units are depleted but the brightness is poor as delivered.I will lube the threads with a little vaseline and get new batteries .
 This thing sucks . It 's not very bright , it 's tiny , and I really do n't see much use for it . I would not expect for it to help aid in the saving of my life . So ... find something bigger if you 're worried about getting hit by a car , or boat , or whatever ...
 As seen in a previous review , I should have listened . I was willing to pay more for a cream/tan colored track . This is the same brown/orange track that is normally about half this price . Do n't order here , get the cheaper track . its the same exact thing . Id like to send an email and complain but I think it will end up being more hassle than what its worth to send it back . Oh well , next time ill heed the advice of the reviews .
 This track set is orange , not cream or white . It 's the same one that sells for about half the price on Amazon .
 This thing is not worth $ 50 . The posts for the wheels were too short for the nylock nuts to engage the threads . The threaded post that attaches the handle to the base broke loose right away since it was only press fit and not welded . I managed to fix the wheels by grinding down the wheel hub . Luckily my neighbor has a welder so the handle is fixed . Save yourself a lot of trouble and invest a lttle more to get better magnet .
 After reading good reviews about Chapin Company , I ordered this sprayer -LRB- its sibling 2 Gallon had decent reviews -RRB- . It has many good features / accessories such as non clog filter , measuring cup , and spray shield . Out of the box you can tell it is well constructed -LRB- better that the improvement store sprayers - such as Roundup and RL Flo-Master sprayers - that I have tried in the past -RRB- . The hose , brass tip , and the plastic container are all well built -LRB- the wand is very small and flimsy -RRB- . But the main issue is it does not spray well -LRB- adjustable cone nozzle -RRB- . The spray goes from a heavy stream to a wide cone -LRB- again heavy -RRB- , with very little variation in between . I have read the customer reviews for the Chapin Premier 1 Gallon Sprayer -LRB- 21210 -RRB- which I am interested in and I came accross exact same customer complaints regarding the spray pattern.Chapin are you reading this ? Please use customer feedback for continuous improvement of your products .
 I needed composter mostly for kitchen scraps and grass . When the composter arrived , I filled in up with green stuff , turned regularly , but it did not compose at all and it only smelled . I called the company after couple of months of waiting for my compost and they told me you need to add 2/3 of carbon rich stuff in -LRB- hay , dry leafs etc -RRB- together with the green stuff so it can compose . I do not have hay or dry leafs during most of the year ! Obviously , this composter will not work for me . Returning it was easy . I am going to try something that can compost kitchen scaps only .
 I echo a previous reviewer who found the cheap latches a problem . Ditto for the door construction . Mine broke after a few months use . As it is a plastic piece , once it broke it was gone . I had to drill into plastic and add a metal screw which is a poor solution but all I 've got to hold the door in place -LRB- sort of -RRB- . The latch does n't hold well , meaning it 's got to have a strap around it . This is a very light use appliance , which if you use it very little , may give you satisfaction .
 The tumbler did n't even last a year before the plastic broke around the metal rod that holds it onto the cart . It was n't overloaded or abused in any way , the plastic just was n't strong enough to take the load of compost as it turned around and around.Before it broke it was pretty nice though . I was able to get two loads of compost , from green grass -LRB- dried in the sun so it did n't mold first -RRB- , leaves and kitchen scraps to black gold , before it broke .
 While a tumbling composter sounds great this design falls short.It simple does not do a good job of turning and mixing the humus . It is occasionally necessary to manual flip the material which is not a huge undertaking but the poor lid design makes it a challenge due to the lack of a lid latch to hold it in place while you mix the humus or remove it .
 I have a small garden and I bought this item because of the perfect size , and beautiful design . I have owned this product for over three years . Two of that years unit did n't fully perform . It 's good for small yard and if you do n't fill it more than one third . It 's easy to assemble , door is sturdy . Problem is when you fill it over half full . It 's PLASTIC , and I should of known that . The screws that hold the barrel bent by heaviness of compost , and I would of replace them if the plastic around them did n't tear and now I cant turn it anymore . The other problem is that it takes some time to make compost , so I actually need two composters ; one to lay dormant and process food and leaves and another for fresh clippings and scraps . I am planning to purchase steel one with double chamber . Although they are not pretty to see , they last longer than plastic .
 Took us three days to figure out how to put the whole thing together . Needed to bring out the entire tool chest to do so and make one trip to the hardware store for parts.Item looks like the picture , however , it is heavy plastic and feels `` cheap . '' We have no confidence that it will hold up for long even though we are only a three person household contributing to the compost . The door is precariously attached with plastic `` nubs '' which are just crying to break off after a few uses or removals.I would not buy this again .
 Do n't waste your money ! worst than 99 cents store sealer . Better go and buy and try products from Home Depot which are cheaper and way better . Also if you do n't like you can go and return . This one was water based product , filled with no better liquid than you can find for couple of bugs at local store.Customer service of the seller -LRB- which is third party seller on Amazon -RRB- was horrible . First they said `` Go and talk to the manufacturer '' come on there is no contact of the manufacturer '' , it looks like it was made by some corner factory , we do n't know where . Seller totally refused to take it back , even they new product is garbage .
 As any good handy man knows , you need to have allen keys/hex keys whatever you want to call then , in your tool box . I bought these about a year and a half ago and the bolts that hold them together had fallen apart . After using them time after time , you have to make sure that the bolts holding these keys together are tight or they will come loose and it is very , did I mention very , very easy to lose . I repaired both sets after losing the nuts to the bolts by putting a tie wrap/zip tie through the hole where the bolt goes . Walla , problem solved , now I dont have to worry about losing they keys anymore . I do like the grip though . You just have to watch with those small bolts that hold this thing together .
 Compre uno hace unos meses , y es fatal no hay una herramienta stanley que me all&aacute; servido es solo fama y marca , hace tiempo no compro nada de ellos , prefiero trupper , es fant&aacute;stico , este juego de allen , es malisimo , se parten , se doblan , es muy grande y no entra en espacios peque & ntilde ; os , en fin fatal compra
 It looks nice , but does n't deliver good water pressure . Try another shower-head if you want a high-pressure one . It may take time to locate one .
 for $ 40 I figured this might be worth it . This set will indeed cut perfectly flat bottoms . I do not exactly use my dado set a bunch , but the carbide on most of my chippers is chipped . chipped chippers are no fun and the amount of use my set recieves it should still be flawless . also even laying down blue tape there is still quite a bit of tear out on hardwood plywoods when cutting cross grain . it does quite well along the grain however . the case is a nice touch and keeps the set nice and safe . so in summary , this is not a long term investment and it will cut nice flat grooves . it cuts nice flat dadoes as well , but you will get unacceptable chip out if you use plywoods with their thin veneers . a good set for the occasional use in solid wood . I just recently upgraded , I figured that every time I chipped out on a $ 100 sheet of cherry ply I was not exactly saving money .
 I 've tried two of these dado sets , and in both cases one of the cutters was larger in radius than other . This makes a visible `` step '' in the bottom of the dado , with one side about 1/64 '' lower than the other . The two sets were purchased years apart , so it seems to be an ongoing problem . The Mibro dado set is good enough for rough work , or to hog out most of the material so you can finish with a router or plane .
 The first time I set up my shiny new dado set , I found that two of the chippers were either out of round or had some other reason for refusing to slide onto the arbor . Gentle persuasion was the first approach . Patience and more wriggling than the law allows produced no better results . After extensive frustrations , I yielded to my baser instincts and tightened the arbor nut , with the intention of forcing alignment of the components , but with the predictable result of a broken blade . The illfitting chippers were the result of shoddy workmanship , which in turn resulted in the broken blade . Nice box , tho ' .
 Manufactured to very poor specifications , very difficult to install , spacers have poorly punched arbor openings with very jagged burrs . If you want quality do not look here .
 The one I purchased -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- will not cut a flat bottom even with only the outside blades . Each chipper seems to be off from all the others . Cutting a dado looks like a staircase . I use my outside blades now to cut boards that might possibly have nails or staples . I 'd rather make 20 passes with my rip blade than use this .
 If you just want to remove bulk material , this could be an inexpensive solution.If you want clean cut , you might want to look elsewhere.Reasons :1 . Examining the two outer blades : One of them is very slightly warped than the other.Align the arbor holes of both blades and examine them together , the teeth height are not on the same plane so you know they wo n't make clean cut when you stack them together . -LRB- unless miracle happens , I am still hoping before I cut :-RRB- -RRB- 2 . Examining the chippers/insert blades : Same problem for the insert/chipper blades , when you align the arbor holes , the teeth of these blades are not on the same plane , difference are around 1/32 '' or 1/64 , but still you can see this clearly .3 . The cut : Carefully stack them together on my table saw , I use 2 chippers , aligned them 90 degree apart . Now they are actually mounted on the arbor , you can still see that the teeth are not on the same plane among each blade . Steadily fed the cut with a piece of Douglas fir , the final result has uneven bottom -LRB- lines between each blade -RRB- , shoulder cut also have tear-outs . When I buy inexpensive tools , I wish the tool to have good functional quality and of course I do n't expect themto sustain production level of use , but my wish is not granted this time . : -RRB-
 you can tell the quality is low but it will do for occasional use buy a hobbiest or craft maker
 I received my set yesterday and the box was trashed to start with . -LRB- broken in shipment in spite of being packed pretty well . I tried it out last night , the instructions state that the two outer blades stacked together would cut a 1/4 '' dado , well it was .035 under size . the cut was OK just not as stated so the blades are under1/8 '' each . I wish that I had saved my money and gotten another set such as Freud . It goes to show that you get exactly what you pay for.I would advise anyone thinking of getting this set to save your money unless you have a lot of time to get the width that you need.Charles Hans
 Picked this set up as my first dado set from one of the big home supply chains . After using it for many different types of cuts in different woods for the past couple of months , I finally said `` enough '' and returned it . There were three main problems for me :1 . When cutting crosscut dados in veneer plywood , I had to score the veneer on each side of the cut with a utility knife before dadoing ; otherwise , I 'd get really bad tear out .2 . The bottoms of the cuts were also not clean enough for a good glue joint , so I had to clean them with a scraper or chisel before gluing and assembly .3 . Lastly , and this was the deal breaker for me , is that this set is not dimensionally stable over temperature . My shop is not heated . When my shop and the blades are cold -LRB- approx 30-40 F -RRB- , the blade set warps as soon as the teeth enter the wood and start to warm up . Granted , I was using this on hard maple , but starting a cut on a precise line and then having it drift 1/8 '' and ruin the piece is unacceptable to me . When trying to troubleshoot what was going on , I experimented with this on many cuts , and my wife watching from the blade side could actually see the blades deflect.My advice ? If you expect to use your dado set for the long term , save yourself the frustration and at least bump up to something in the $ 80 - $ 90 class .
 I have to say I regret this purchase even though it is so cheap . Cross grain dados are HORRIBLE . Tons of blow out . Straight grain dados are better but there are so many ridges on the bottom that it is a real time-waster to clean them up.I do n't want to spend $ 200 + on a set but in the big picture they may save you a ton of time .
 This dato set will cut datos but is hard to set up due to the chippers only having two sides . Most datos do not require shims to make a standard cut . This set is you get what you pay for . Not worth the money .
 Decent bottom of groove cut , frayed edges.I bought this as a back-up in my wood shop , and used it when my nice dado went . Oh brother , what a drag ; Chipped edges in soft and hardwoods , and cheap teeth edges . I am a professional woodworker and not a home `` do-it-yourselfer '' . Tip to other pros , buy a better blade . It 's not worth the $ 40 since you 'll throw away $ 200 worth of wood!Steve , S4S , Inc. . Brooklyn , NY
 I was hoping for a blade set that would leave a square bottom in the dado . This is not good for box joints etc. .
 This is a very poorly engineered product . The carbide on each blade interfeer with the other blades . I returned this product and have replaced it with a Freud Diablo set that is a well engineered product and is easy to set up . The Diablo is more money but well worth it .
 I bought this because the product description said it could cut a minimum dado of 1/8 inch . But when it came , I found that its minimum cut is actually 1/4 inch . You can cut a 1/8 inch cut if you use only one blade , but the safety instructions tell you not to do that . You may not want to , anyway , because the blade tips are angled , so the bottom of your slot would be left with a slope . The quality seems good and I 'll keep it rather than send it back . It 's bigger and has more teeth than my other set .
 Very hard to keep the outer blades at 90 degrees which makes it a pain to go thru the steps to set it up and adjust . The carbide points are not flat on the inner side as are most other dado blades .
 I had to contact Plano to get these details : `` The model 964 is only offered as follows
 The `` 3600 Series '' boxes included have fixed dividers , unlike the actual 3600 box sold separately . The case is very flimsy and arrived completely bent out of shape by the plastic shipping strap . The boxes do not snap into the case and fall right out . The cases are `` stackable , '' but do not lock together . I can not recommend this product . I intend to return the two I bought .
 As in other reviews , the frame was bent due to the plastic strap being too tight . I thought once might be a fluke so I sent for a replacement . The second was just as bad . I even tried to let it stand for a few days to see if it would regain the shape but to no avail . The drawers worked fine but the frame is obviously not high quality material . The buyer should be aware of this possibility when ordering . Maybe they 'll have better luck than I did but I would not recommend this product .
 Cheaply Made . I tried this one even though the bins are not adjustable because it was cheaper than the next model up . There is a packing strap that is used to keep the bins in the case but it is secured so tightly that it warps the case making the whole thing useless . After a couple of weeks before I just returned it , the case still has not regained its shape . The bins are just as cheap . This is nowhere worth the price . I am not going to buy the next model up and I am just going to stay away from Plano products . Plano was about quality at one time and that time is gone .
 Bent completely out of shape by the time it arrived . Cheap plastic shell that holds four cheap and barely subdivided trays . Would not recommend this to anybody . Plano is now in the ` never buy ' pile .
 Bought 3 of these units a year ago - do n't waste your money on these units . The LED lamps do not last . The first unit 's two lamps went out after 3 months , the 2nd unit has one lamp out , and the 3rd unit 's lamps are going dim . We purchased these to save energy and get the benefit of the long life hours of the LED lamp technology . Forget the long life of the LED lamps , it 's just hype at this point . The sensor part of the unit works well but that part is worthless without the lamps working .
 We ordered three of these sensor lights to help light a stairway at nighttime . When we received our package , one of the lights did not work at all . Within a month , the second one also quit working . When we called to ask if they would replace them , we were informed that sure they 'd replace them , but we would have to pay all shipping fees . They sold us duds but we were still responsible for shipping ??? Within 3 months of receipt , the third light quit working as well .
 When I first received 2 of these sensor lights I was most pleased . They have many features , each of which worked well . If I had rated this product initially , I would have given it a 5 star rating . One month has past , with both sensors being used at night only . One sensor still works , but the other already has one LED light completely burned out and the other half as bright as it was just one month ago . In order to replace the LED lights a specialized screw driver is required , for screws that I have not seen anywhere before . Most disappointing .
 Bought mine for the night time bathroom run . The light is plenty bright , and comes on quickly when entering the room . But the trouble is , it turns off 30 seconds after it first turns on no matter how much movement it senses while on . Then it requires motion again to turn it back on . It does not continually stay on as long as there is sensible movement , but it will go off 30 seconds after first coming on . So in the middle of doing your bathroom business you have to wave every 30 seconds when the room goes dark to get the light to turn back on . It does n't fit my bathroom application at all . It might be OK for a stairway or hall , but not for a location you will want to have light and occupy for more than 30 seconds.They should have designed it to continually sense movement and not shut off until 30 seconds after the last movement , or stay on for at least 4-5 of minutes after it comes on . This was a very stupid design , and not what I consider to be an occupancy light . I can continuously wave my hand right in front of it , but the light will go off 30 seconds after it first came on . It covers both outlets so the other outlet can not be used , and the motion sensor needs be more sensitive.Either this product description -- `` When left in the occupancy sensor mode this light will only go on at night when motion is detected , and will only go off once there is no motion left in the area . '' -- is false or my light is defective . My light will only sense for movement when it is off , so it will turn on . It does not sense for movement to keep the light on after it has come on.Is mine defective?edit
 I ordered two of these trundle wheels for my class of fifth graders to use in a map-making project . After just a few hours of use , the clicking device broke on both of them . We improvised by marking the start point with a piece of white tape , so the kids could count off the meters visually , but I was quite disappointed in the cheap construction of these wheels .
 It burnt out within about 1 week . Not sure what happened . Not happy with this product . Vendor did send us a new one but same thing happened .
 These are not `` Thin Wall '' sockets . They are regular sockets with a thick plastic sleeve around it making them unusable for my wheel application . If you have race wheels that require a thin wall socket , look elsewhere .
 I ordered a set of these . The description states `` FULLY GUARENTEED '' . But when I recieved them `` NO WARRANTY '' is printed on each socket . Then I went to thier website . On the items description page it states the same `` fully Guarenteed '' but then I went to the warranty page . Here 's what it says : * Sunex Tools Impact Sockets , Wrenches , Screwdrivers , Specialty Tools , and VisesThese products carry a LIFETIME warranty -- effective for as long as you own the product . Sunex International , Inc. will repair or replace at our option any part or unit which proves to be defective in material or workmanship . Adapters and extra thin wall impact sockets are not covered by this warranty.These are the extra thin wall design so thats why they have `` NO WARRANTY '' printed on them ... Sunex is misrepresenting these by stating in its description `` fully guaranteed '' everywhere on the net . Total liars in my opinion . Buy another brand from an honest company .
 DOES NOT WORK AT ALL DO NOT WASTES YOUR MONEY UNLESS YOU NEED A REFRIGERATOR MAGNET ... A wastes of time and money this is by far the worst item I bought from amazon . I love amazon and still stand behind them but this was 100 percent a fail product
 I have had a dozen of these -LRB- paid much less somewhere else about 5 months ago -RRB- and only 4 are still working . They do not even come CLOSE to matching their description . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!! They claim they will be good for reading , but they are not . They are good for accent lighting when they work .
 You can make something like this yourself with a higher output and lower cost . for almost $ 50 , it 's well worth your time.It 's a nice novelty item if you 've got money burning a hole in your pocket . It puts out as much light as a 20-watt bulb.I would avoid this puppy altogether if you 're looking to replace any standard lighting .
 I bought 2 of these at a very bargain price . Both failed to turn on after only a couple of weeks . LEDs are supposed to last around 100,000 hours . So , it maybe not the LEDs but the way it was manufactured . It also not very bright for such a number of LEDs in it .
 I find it hilarious that it says right on the box that the bulb will last 100,000 hours ... and it only lasted a few hours . I actually was looking right at it when it went out . It was on , then it was off , never to work again . Dont waste your money . The other problem with this bulb is that it does n't illuminate anything , it 's so dim . WASTE !!!! I 'm returning it to C.Crane with a letter of complaint .
 Do n't bother with these . You will find compact florescents produce a thousand times more light for the money .
 the one that works is great but the other one worked for about a week and then broke - LEDs do n't are n't dimmable btw
 After ~ 9 months of use , the handle snapped , making it useless . I do n't recommend this clamp.It has the redeeming quality of being inexpensive , but I 'd recommend to spend more and get a higher quality clamp if you want it to last .
 Igniter stopped working after 1 wk . Drips a lot . Does not ` grab ' new glue stick until previous stick is gone . Not a very big melt reservoir .
 I 'm a pretty smart guy . I 've done PC repairs for over 5 years . Not to mention who whole degree in computer science . So you can say I know how to trouble shoot . I can not get 2 of these things to turn on . Put in fuel , check . Turn wheel , listen for noise , kay , no real noise , but whatever , hold igniter 5 - 10 seconds , then look for red glowing . Does not happen . Trouble shooting , problem is either too little gas , or the flow is wrong . Plenty of gas . Tried every notch , just simply a piece of over priced junk . I should have realized this was junk when there is n't a single youtube review for it .
 Item appeared used and igniter did not work upon receipt.There was actually a glue stick already loaded . Contacted the manu and they said that was unusual .
 This unit did n't work , just as it did n't work for somebody who reviewed it earlier . Maybe I got the one he returned . It is no longer sold so I got a refund . Amazon makes the return process very easy . You print out a return mailing label , attach it to the box it came in , and give it to the post office . The postage is printed on the label so it does n't cost you anything . When Amazon receives it , they credit your credit card . Ace Hardware sells a unit that is simpler and probably better for many purposes .
 The concept is pretty neat - you have a hollow handle that holds the paint . There is an adapter that allows you to suck paint directly from a can . Then the paint gets fed into the roller -LRB- the roller has holes that allow the paint to feed into the nap -RRB- so you do n't have to keep going to the paint tray.The practice is something else . I painted our master bedroom walls and ceilings with it.It 's awkward to paint walls since the handle is sooooo long -LRB- especially with a fresh load of paint when the plunger is sticking out . -RRB- It 's hard to keep a consistent saturation on the roller - you often have too little or too much since the paint feed is entirely a manual operation.It 's tiring to carry since a full load of paint makes the handle and roller very heavy.One thing which seemed to help was to do half loads of paint rather than full loads.The tradeoff is n't bad for painting ceilings but the mechanism which holds the roller onto the spindle is not all that well designed - if you put any sideways pressure on it WATCH OUT BELOW !!!! When the roller falls off the spindle , you release a `` Paint Grenade '' on everything below . Not good . Fortunately the room I was painting had no furniture or carpet so it was n't a complete disaster the three or four times this happened.Cleanup was at least 20 minutes compared to 5 minutes for a normal paint roller and tray.I 'd recommend a good quality extending pole and some decent paint trays . If you have a LOT of painting to do I 'd recommed a power roller instead -LRB- see my other review . I bought the power roller knowing I had another 3 bedrooms and four closets to go -RRB-
 The Wagner paint n roll is a terrible choice compared to several other brands , which are only marginally more expensive . Since the paint squirts out of only roughly 4 holes on the surface of the roller , you end up with an uneven paint pattern , and huge amounts of drips . Also , since there are no clips to hold the roller nap on , the roll falls off at the slightest horizontal pressure , dumping paint everywhere . Save your money and buy something else .
 Send the few extra dollars and purchase the PaintMate or TurboRoll instead . I have owned all three models and strongly recommend against the Paint N Roll . I do n't know why they sell this model , I guess they want a lower entry price product . Anyway , since you are manually forcing the paint into the roller , you have very little control over the saturation level . THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT ! Too much and it starts dripping and too little means not enough paint on the wall . The PaintMate uses a ratcheted handle to maintain precise saturation and the TurboRoll uses a battery driven motor to do the job . It is hard to roll the paint on the wall and manually force paint onto the roller at the same time so you have to stop to do it . With the other two models , you just keep on rolling as you feed the paint .
 the idea is great - and I 'm a gizmo freak , love technology and ways of doing anything better/faster . This is not something that helps . I doubt that any professional painter would use it . Here 's what happens
 We are very disappointed in the quality of this faucet . The handle does not keep tightness - we have had to fuss with it twice since installing it last month . The faucet itself is inferior quality to what we had before - cheap plastic , not ceramic . The hose is very inflexible , and the swivle is awkward . It still looks nice , the water comes out properly on stream and spray . No problems with shipping , just not the quality we expected .
 As others have reported with this faucet , it began to leak internally , resulting in difficulty rotating the faucet and operating the lever . Eventually this worsen to the point that water began to accumulate in the cabinet under the sink . We began noticing this issue at about year # 4 of use . It is now year # 5 and we needed to do something.Moen offered only to provide free replacement parts -LRB- which is in fact all the warranty offers -RRB- . As an alternative we could pay a $ 55 `` service fee '' for a new faucet -LRB- includes shipping and handling for the new faucet -RRB- . Given the amount of time it seemed it would take to install all the replacement parts we opted to pay the $ 55 -LRB- plus tax -RRB- for a new faucet . I asked the service rep about waiving the service fee given the age of the faucet , but they declined to waive the charge.According to Moen , they redesigned this faucet since 2007 , which is when we originally purchased the unit . I am hoping the re-design has indeed fixed the problem , otherwise this may be my last Moen purchase .
 I purchased this Fauset a few years ago and am now looking for another fauset only to find everybody else had the same problems with this fauset I have.they say limited lifetime coverage.basicly they just cover the ceramic valve and not anything else . My fauset started cruching as I would rotate it . I tookit appart and found below the beautiful stainless steel outer covering was a totally disolved metal core . water had entered via the removeable nozzel andentered the base and rusted this thing to nothing.I used to look to moen for making a fine product until I discovered they spend money where you see it and totally cheap out where you cant . . Do not waste your time buying this fouset unless you plan on selling your house shortly afterward .
 Should get negative stars ! I 've used MOEN in the past with great results , but these will be the last products I ever purchase from them.Purchased this unit 9-12-03 , and a matching deck soap dispenser which is equally as bad . Faucet started leaking early 2010 . No problem right ? Wrong ! MOEN quickly sent me the parts need to stop the leak , but upon replacing them I noticed the entire unit is rusted to pieces , chunks of rust literally falling into the cabinet below.A quick call to MOEN , and they want to send me parts to rebuild the entire portion of the sink , and expect me to know which ones , or pay $ 55 dollars for the new improved one that reviews so well here as well . I mentioned I was n't interested in investing any more money into such a poor product , and I was quickly directed to the pdf of the parts explosion . A couple questions from the technician , and I was disconnected , how convenient!The matching soap dispenser has been terrible as well . I 've had problems from day one getting it to dispense soap , and was told to dilute the soap with water to correct this . What ? , a cheap plastic soft soap dispenser has no problems with this yet I 'm expected to dilute the product to get it through yours ? That and recently the coating on the inside is breaking down and dispensing something green along with your soap.Do yourself a big favor , and look elsewhere !
 The hose that screws onto the head often becomes unscrewed and then it leaks ! I have to constantly check up on this thing to make sure that the stuff under the sink does n't get soaked , or I have to keep the stuff under the sink to a minimum . The leak has also damaged the ceiling of our finished basement below the sink . One light fixture in the basement even filled with water ! I am left wondering if a pull-out kitchen faucets are ever worth the trouble !
 I got moen faucets for the entire house . One started to leak within 2 months . The most expensive one , the kitchen one -LRB- 7560 -RRB- , have been leaking for years . Not too much water to be noticed , but kept the parts wet and getting rusty . Bad products . I am going to replace them with a different brand .
 The faucet came with our almost new house . This Moen has been leaking down into the cabinet below . Got a new cartridge . Well the inside would n't come apart due to corrosion.Lots of little cheap parts inside that had to be broken to disasemble.My old house had an old DELTA that I rebuilt 2-3 times from 1985-2005 , and the kit was just a few dollars.No MORE Moen for me !
 The pull-out nozzle is cheap
 Faucet head does not want to stay seated in body of faucet , it slips out by barely touching it . I had it installed professionally 6 months ago and now the handle does not want to stay on unless you turn it on at least 75 % . Not impressed at all for a faucet of this price .
 Yeah , that might sound like a long time , but for a kitchen faucet , it really is n't . Bought this to replace the one that our builder installed -LRB- that one lasted eight years before developing a leak -RRB- . This new one was fine for about two years , then it started to leak , so we called Moen customer service about their lifetime warranty . They were perfectly nice , shipped us a new ` snake ' hose to replace the leaky one free of charge , and all was well ... until the handle on this one stopped working properly , so shutting the water off involves finding just the right handle position . Argh.Guess all those other reviews were right ; Moen does n't mind replacing these under their lifetime warranty because they 're made so cheaply in the first place . Maybe we 'll try a Kohler next time ...
 My wife and I have lived in a half dozen plus homes as we have moved around the country . I discovered Moen faucets years ago , loved them as soon as I installed my first one , and have installed many over the years . Six years ago we did a complete house remodel and when it came to the kitchen , we had a Moen 7560 Single Handle Kitchen Faucet with Pullout Spray installed . Within the first year I had to have Moen replace the entire valve assembly because it would not stop leaking and would not always shut off . I thought this had cured the problem , but apparently it had not . It started leaking again late in 2012 and was suddenly very hard to move the faucet arm from side to side . When I took it apart to find out what was going on , I took the faucet assembly off and discovered the metal shroud around the valve barrel had literally turned into rusty dust . It just crumbled in my hands . This faucet has a Suggested Retail of $ 381.70 today . I know I paid well over $ 250.00 for it six years ago . Remember , it is a whole six years old , was made in China out of rolled layered crap steel , and it is now a total loss . Even with the correct wrench I could not break the nuts free to remove the faucet from my sink because they were so corroded . I finally had to call an experienced plumber to do the job I am normally able to do and have done in the past . Two and a half hours and $ 300.00 later , he finally had my new Kohler Bellera R560VS Kitchen Faucet installed . Apparently , the quality Moen use to be famous for now resides in China if this faucet is an example of what Moen now has manufactured with their name on it . My wife and I love our new Kohler faucet . Our plumber stated flatly Kohler is the best brand to buy today , and we will never ever buy another Moen product . Before you buy any Moen faucet ... . think about where they are made and remember my experience with this one .
 I got this faucet -LRB- brushed Stainless steel -RRB- in 2004 . It looked very nice with our granite black sink . In 2011 I noticed rust and piece of metal around the base where the faucet meet the sink . I took it off , and to my surprise , the core was all rusted and deteriorated almost completely . I called Moen and the first representative explained to me that the new version of this faucet is now made of material that do not rust and told me I have to pay fifty dollars so they can send me a new one . I thanked him and hanged up and called after 1 hours . This time I got another representative on the phone , and he offered a new faucet with free shipping without asking me to pay a penny . -LRB- weird !!!! -RRB- I got the new faucet within 2 weeks BUT : - The new faucet has a different tone than the older one . The older one has kind an amber dark tone , and the new one is shinny and looks cheap , even though both are stainless . - The handle on the new one looks extremely ugly to me with a wide end that look like a bell , where the old one was all cylindrical . - NOW , I could live with the 2 cons mentioned above , but listen to this one
 I bought a life-time warranty Moen kitchen faucet about 10 years ago . Within a couple of years the calls to Moen service started . An unending stream of problems with that faucet , none related to each other except for being part of the same Moen faucet . The chrome peeled off the plastic shroud just below the handle . The spring in the soap dispenser collapsed to a small fraction of its former capability . The chrome nozzle on the soap dispenser discolored . The same nozzle eventually just fell out . The hand soap in the dispenser eventually came out brown because of the pump mechanism rusting inside . The plastic sprayer handle simply snapped off one day . The chromed plastic cap on the top of the handle where it connects to the rest of the faucet simply fell off because a tab on the underside apparently cracked . The faucet started squealing when moving the lever , so the cartridge had to be replaced . Naturally , all these problems would n't be complete without water leakage issues on occasion . So far no problem getting replacement parts though . We call Moen up , tell them what 's wrong , they 're not at all surprised , and they send new parts . We go without whatever functionality is missing for a week -LRB- eg . no water in the kitchen -RRB- , the parts arrive , and I repair it yet again . It is repair-the-Moen-faucet week again in our household , but this time in dismantling the faucet , the head of the screw that holds the lever on just twisted right off like it was made of butter . So , tomorrow we call again for yet another replacement part because the screw shaft could not be removed . It 's obvious by looking at it that Moen designed in a screw that was far too small for the application . Lucky thing it 's covered by a life-time warranty , right ? Do not be fooled , `` life-time warranty '' does not mean you 're getting quality because you wo n't be getting quality at all . All it means is that their margins are so incredibly high that they can afford to keep sending out replacement parts to the persistent few who do n't just toss out the faucet and buy a whole new one . My advice ? Stay away from Moen products , whether they have life-time warranties or not . The aggravation is n't worth it . I have friends with Moen fixtures who tell me they have very similar problems . I wish I could point you to a better brand , but I have n't figured that out yet . I know what I wo n't be buying ever again - Moen .
 We have had this faucet for 4 years . We thought what we were buying was a high quality pullout faucet , and the lifetime warranty helped the sale . However , this faucet will start dripping on you in 2 years , and after getting replacement parts from Moen , it will drip again after another 2 years . Look up other reviews on the net before buying this one . For us , it really was not worth the hassle of calling Moen again . We 're going with a Grohe .2 stars because it will work fine for 2 years .
 If I could leave no stars I would . We built our home 7 years ago and bought all Moen faucets -LRB- the really expensive ones -RRB- and have had to replace each faucet one by one . I am in the process now of replacing my kitchen faucet for the 3rd time except this time I will not use Moen 's shabby products . The company should really shut down and go out of business .
 We purchased a new house ten years ago . All faucets were Moen . Great . Knew lifetime warranty and good faucets . Well , the kitchen model , 7560C is worthless . The original one was much nicer looking , more classy , etc. . It was leaking badly at about the 6 year mark . Water EVERYWHERE . It leaked under the sink , from the center stem where the mixing of hot and cold water . Of course , did n't see it until it pours out the cabinet . Ok . It happens . Moen sent out an entirely new faucet because they had to fix this defect . Ok , a new faucet . But different looking , cheaper looking faucet head and plastic . Could not retrofit my original back . Ok . I live with it . Now recently , 3 years later , it leaks again from this new redesigned faucet to take care of the problem . Result
 Nice until it failed . Initial failure after 2 years , fixed it twice and replaced it after 5 years ; the second one also lasted five years and it is all rusted from the inside ! The inside is all crumbled rust falling under the sink you would expect SS and copper ! but no , Moen used regular steel components , it was a nightmare to remove because the nut was rusted on the shaft holding the unit in place.I replaced this faucet with a different design from Delta and I also installed a water softener . The hard water was contributing to early valve failure.Moen did not support me because I did not have the receipts , and I still do n't keep receipts for every faucet and every plumbing hardware in the house . I know some people do , but I do n't have the time and energy to sort and file all my receipts.Now I am convinced that the faucet failed prematurely because of its design . When using the pull out sprayer , small amount of water drips inside the main body , around the sprayer hose causing corrosion of steel components inside . So cheap steel component , coupled with poor design contributed to premature failure .
 This faucet came installed with our new house , which was custom built and finished in mid-2009 . By April , 2011 , it exhibited serious leaking under the sink . I disassembled the top of the faucet , tightened some stuff , and the leaking got better until about September , at which time there was a daily puddle under the sink that necessitated placing a bucket under the faucet.Right now I 'm trying to get Moen to issue a replacement . If they do n't , then I 'm going with Grohe .
 This faucet replaced an old one during a renovation . The old one lasted 30 + years , this one lasted 3 , then the bearing plate rusted out and fell in rusty chunks - just like everyone else here.Amazing that a well known brand could produce such a faulty design.No more Moen faucets here ...
 I got this faucet about 6 years ago and have had to replace it twice because the handle broke . The company gladly gave me a new one at no charge after it broke the first time , but I had to pay a plumber to install it , so this time I 'm going with another brand . Also , after a year or so the faucet extension never worked very well . Conclusion
 This is the 2nd 20 '' grizzly planer I have owned . The first one worked fine for 5 years . It had a 3 HP motor and had enough power if the knives were sharp to plane 1/8 '' off a 20 '' oak panel . I upgraded to this new one because it is listed as a 5 hp motor and it has solid infeed and outfeed tables . So I was very disappointed when I tried planing 1/8 '' on a 20 '' panel and the motor bogged down . Tried a pine 20 '' panel and it bogged and blew the start capacitor . This has since happened 3 more times and Grizzly has been of no help telling me the motor is fine . Build quality and finish looks good for a machine made in China -LSB- my first one was made in Taiwan -RSB- . However the Chinese motors are apparently junk . Plan on putting a good USA motor on this if you want to do any serious planing with this . Better yet have Grizzly put a good Baldor motor in it before they ship it .
 I bought this band saw -LRB- Grizzly 19 '' Extreme -RRB- for my architectural model shop where it saw only occasional use -- maybe a couple of hours each month . Ususally it would cut thin plywood or sheets of plastic . I would occasionally use it to cut 3-4 '' thick Bass wood on it before feeding the wood in to my planer -- but nothing that put much stress on the machine.After six months and probably less than 10 hours of total use the motor died -LRB- one of the capacitors was burned out -RRB- . I replaced the capacitor but that did not fix the problem and Grizzly sent me a new motor after I sent them the broken one.So far so good . But then after another year -LRB- and again maybe 10 to 15 hours of use -RRB- the motor again died -LRB- capacitors OK this time -RRB- and Grizzly announced that they wanted $ 450 for a new one.I can not stress how minimally this tool was used , and the fact that it was never abused , strongly enough . I had expected to never have to give this machine another thought except for occasionally changing the blade ... How wrong I was.The motor is cheap Chinese crap . Grizzly 's customer service is to my mind also crap .
 This hole cutter is being made in China and sold by quite few companies for cutting holes . The cutter needs bars to screw in with different bars for different sized holes . When the threaded part of the bar breaks the tool is no good any more . The plastic shield is thin and need the plastic and pot metal brace to hold the cutter in place . The case is of recycled plastic and does not look like it will hold up very well.My foreman bought one for us to use and it worked ok but the shield has a hard rubber gasket and it scratched the ceilings when it was used and did not do a good job of catching the dust.If it sold for half the price it might not be a bad deal . We replaced it with an adjustable hole cutter that uses two blades and no bars to change . Much better .
 The BES hole cutters are identical to the ones we have bought from Labor Saving Devices and no better . Hole cutter shakes as it cuts and plaster dust gets down inside the sleeve of the shaft and jams the hole cutter and this makes for ragged holes . Both blades provided in the kit are terrible for wood and only average on plaster . Balance bars are not marked an instructions say to use a 40mm for a certain size of hole and no way to know which one is 40mm unless you happen to have a metric tape . Shield is made of a plastic that is easily cracked and the gasket along the edge is too hard to make a good dust seal.Bottom line - get a twin blade hole cutter if you need an adjustable hole cutter for recessed can lights or ceiling speaker installations.Hole Pro X-230 Kit
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 I build small keepsake boxes . These hinges are unsuitable for anything but appearance of a latch . They are very thin material and bend easily . The latch is stiff and the catch has very little detent so the latch sometimes catches and most times does n't . The escutcheon pins that came with the catch are very thin and wo n't drive without bending unless the wood is very soft , like pine . I ended up discarding the pins and using # 2 round head slot screws . They do n't look as nice as pins but I was able to secure the latch to the box . I have 3 sets of these catchs left but think they are headed for the waste bin . There is little point to installing a non funcitoning cheap catch on a $ 40 box . My customers wo n't like it . I guess I 'll keep looking for a decent small box catch . : -LRB-
 I purchased a Heath-Zenith wired door chime for our new home . It failed after a couple of months . After numerous calls to their technical `` support '' line , it became clear they had no intention of honoring their warranty . They tried to blame the chime 's failure on the transformer , which was shown to be the correct rating and operating properly , and refused to respond to Better Business Bureau and Consumer Affairs . I have since filed a complaint with the FTC . Avoid Heath-Zenith products .
 I would not recommed this Door Chime . It looks great on the outside , but it sounds sick when it rings .
 Very disappointing construction , a laminated paper insert , possibly styrofoam is the heart of this mister . The plug is about the size of quarter and a little thinner it has two little holes that spins water up the conical shaped sides of the head to produce a mist . The mist is n't that fine and the insert is going to wear out long before the brass has even started thinking about wearing out . Then you 'll be left with a one pound brass paperweight . Definite regret on this purchase . Consider the Fogg It nozzle instead .
 I bought this tool a few years back and I could never get it to fire . When I needed it and it would n't fire I went another way with the project . I owned one earlier and it worked great until it disappeared . The new one does n't appear to have a firing pin . The plate that strikes the cartridges is slightly concave without any protruding parts . I just went online to determine if a safety feature requires me to unscrew the top bolt to access and remove the concave plate so it would work . No such directions . Oops ... Remington must have forgotten the firing pin . The Remington quality is suffering .
 I was really looking forward to this working as it was one of the few sprayers made with a metal body instead of plastic . Unfortunately , it just does n't work as advertised . It suffers from the same problem all of the other sprayers do - Can NOT spray anything thicker than water . Which is unfortunate given that it is advertised as a `` Deck Tri-poxy Steel Sprayer . '' It comes with three different nozzles which the instructions state are for different viscosity liquids -LRB- i.e. clear sealer , Semi-Transparent , and solid -RRB- . I first tried the nozzle designed for the stain I was using , I got a steady , solid , stream . No fanning . So I tried the other two nozzles , same thing , steady stream . At first I thought perhaps I need more pressure ... so I pumped , and pumped , and the same thing , steady stream . Then I began adjusting the nozzles and couplings , nothing worked . I cleaned it out and put water in it and the thing worked perfectly . I got a nice wedged shaped fan . Bottom line - This will work if your spraying insecticide around the house . Do not buy if you 're looking for something that will actually seal your deck .
 This product absolutely is not meant for stain . regardless of what it says , it does not `` spray '' stain on the deck like you would expect it to do . It basicaly comes out in a staight line , and made doing the deck much more work that i thought it would be when i purchased this product . Wouldnt recommend it .
 It is almost impossible to determine if these wall supplies and holders are solid or plastic . Even the spec sheets do n't always tell you . So I will let you know that if you are looking for solid brass do n't buy this item as it is plastic and weighs almost nothing . I ca n't imagine this holding up to constant use by putting a heavy shower head in and out of it . And it is very expensive for a piece of plastic . I will keep looking .
 This unit fails to operate consistenly unless the rubber button cover is pressed in exactly the right spot . The manufacturer needs to re-design the button cover or make it from plastic , metal or some other rigid material so when pressed the cover contacts the concealed button underneath hard enough to activate the doorbell or chime . It is a nice looking unit but we have missed many visitors at our door because it simply did n't activate our chime .
 The product looked good . Nice design and some what appealing . Button was soft too . It worked without any issue for 3-4 months . Then one fine day it stopped responding . Tried replacing batteries . No luck . The original button -LRB- which I got with the Heath Zenith door-bell -RRB- was having similar issues , that 's why I bought this button.Looks like they need to invest on Quality of Push-button . Their Door-bell designs are good , but disappointed on the push-button reliability .
 I must rate this SP2 sprayer with the lowest score I can . -LRB- I would have rated it -0 - and This is why -RRB- When I was shopping for a backpack sprayer I had no preconceived idea which one was better made or had better support from the company . So I went through the listings and looked at several I was interested in . It came down between this SP2 and another manufacturer . I read the reviews , and chose SP2 because the reviews on the SP2 were so good . I now believe that the reason the reviews are so good is because those people that have a good experience are more inclined to write a review . But let me tell you my situation so you can save some money.I purchased the SP2 and got it fast from Amazon - > Great!Put some water in it and pumped it up ; it would not pressurize . I went to their website and found it says quote , `` This is a common problem '' . I repeatedly pumped it vigorously 30-50 times . Again tank would not pressurize - > Very BadI called the manufacture for help to resolve the problem and they had me disassemble it so as to check on the condition of the seals ... all of them looked good ; and also lubed . After re-assembly ... still no pressurization . To this point I have repeatedly called them and have subsequently disassembled and reassembled the SP2 * 4 times * I have yet to get any pressurization from this unit.I asked them if I could make an exchange - their reply was that they do not do exchanges.They did offer to repair it -LRB- a brand new unit mind you -RRB- at my expense . Shipping there and back plus parts . I am not going to put one more dime into this well made piece of junk.You might be one of the lucky ones that gets a good unit . . I bought this SP Systems sprayer because I like well made equipment ; I will not buy anything from them ever again ... my time is valuable to me also . Besides , I do not think that a brand new purchase should ever need fixing before it can be used .
 2nd change
 This review is probably a bit premature but here goes . I was impressed with the SP-2 when I first received it , the way it was designed and put together . After assembling the few pieces necessary to make it work I tried pumping with the handle without results . So i read the different fixes and with a gallon of water to simulate a normal liquid I tried again without any results . I really would like to make this unit work as I think it is a better designed unit over the box store models so I got a return shipping label and sent it back to the shipper and hope to get a better working unit in the near future . Hopefully I will be satisfied with the replacement .
 It is brand new and will not Pressurize . I went to the dealer 's website and followed the instructions , oiled everything and had to get really ruff with the pump handle -LRB- just like they told me -RRB- to get the pump to break free . It finaly did and started working for about 3 hours , then it quit again . I worked another hour trying to get it going again , no luck . I drove 15 miles to the hardware store and bought a Stihl , it works great , much better than the SP and almost half the price ! The SP Dealer is clearly aware of this problem , they say it is common for this to happen . The way I feel is if you are spending this kind of money the product should work . I am going to try and send it back .
 This sprayer had a few problems from day 1 achieving pressure . It would work fine and then not work at all . I called SP customer support and got the run around . Honestly , it was one of the worst customer support teams I have ever dealt with . They told me to check the seals . I took the pump completely apart and all of the seals were lubed and brand new . After reassembly the unit would still not pressurize . I purchased the SP2 because it was rated as professional and I wanted a high quality unit for home use . You may be luckly to get a unit that works but I would honestly not recommend taking the chance . After reading other reviews , it appears several people have had a similar issue so surely SP knows there are quality problems with the units .
 I would love to review this product if it would ever arrive.This is thsecond time that I have ordered this sprayer.Last time after several months I gave up and did not renew the delivery date and so the order was canceled.If they do not have the product to sell why say so.Very frustrated with Amazon.COM at this point .
 I ordered this to repalce another light and it was the same light !! -LRB- previous 1 was purchased at Home Depot I think -RRB- Anyway the previous 1 worked for less than 2 years . This 1 worked for a month !! I had read reviews on other Home Depot lights and this must be 1 they are referring to . After 1 bulb burns out , the dusk to dawn and the motion sensor no longer work -LRB- after the bulb is replaced -RRB- So , you are left with a nice looking light that you have to manually turn off and on - or leave it on night and day ... . Fortunately , I was able to return this 1 to Amazon -LRB- Thank goodness for the Christmas extended warranty ! -RRB- and will have to start on a new search to replace this 1 . I contacted Zenith about the 1st 1 because they supposedly have a 5 year warranty and of course need the original receipt so they do n't really stand behind their products in my opinion . Who keeps a light receipt for 5 years for goodness sake ??? -LRB- or in my case 2 years ... -RRB- I also noticed when I took this 1 down that the siding on my house has some small burned areas , so I do n't know it the crazy thing sparked all over or what . I would avoid it regardless .
 Ih replaced these lights 3 times over the last 6 years . I like the style , the motion sensor and the 2 light levels this light provides . However the electronics in these lights have failed on 3 seperate occasions .
 I do n't really `` rate '' this product poorly , but it 's wrong for wettable powders . I bought it to spray Surround WP , a finely ground clay `` wettable powder '' insect repellant popular with organic gardeners . I have used Surround for several years with a hand-held sprayer without problem . The SP leaked from the bottom first use so I returned it for replacement . The second one leaked also and lost ability to hold pressure after one use . This prompted research online as the reputation of these sprayers is good . I found something from a competitor , Solo , saying that wettable powders ruin `` piston '' pump sprayers but work fine with `` diaphragm '' pump sprayers -LRB- like the hand-held I 've been using I 'm guessing -RRB- . Nothing in the SP documentation warns of this . SP offers an optional agitation kit that you have to order separately from the manufacturer and install yourself , but they do n't say not to use the sprayer as-is with wettable powders , and I bet a power mixed thick -LRB- 3 cups per gal -RRB- like Surround will still ruin the piston even with the kit . I ordered a more expensive SP0 that supposedly will work . On the up side , the Amazon return procedure was great .
 SP Systems 4-Gallon 70 psi Farm and Home Back Pack Sprayer # 01SV477One of the few items I 've ordered from Amazon that was a complete failure.Unit leaked the first time I used it where the wand connects to the hose and no amount of tightening or added washers helped.The nozzle has no spray adjustment to it . It only sprays a fan pattern , which ends up all over your shoes no matter how nimble you are.Stay away from this turkey .
 The steel is the same un-named stuff Schrade uses for most of their knives . It 's not really bad , but only a good steel when you take into account the price of their cheaper knives . For the amount this knife sells for , it should be better.The location of the lock is about as bad as it gets . As you can see in the picture , the area you have to push to realease it is not convenient to access with one hand , while at the same time it appears to be in a bad location for accidental closing .
 This hammer is great!It is well-balanced and hits hard.The side-strike feature and the magnetic nail holder work very well.Handle replacement -LRB- if you ever need it ! -RRB- will be easy.The head shape is very good also.Excellent side nail puller.Why , if I love it so much , did I only rate it 3 stars?The claws on this hammer are , at best , -LSB- unacceptable -RSB- ! If you would like to hollow out a log canoe this is your tool.I have beat ... many a board when trying to pull walls around.The indented waffles are passable.If this hammer had Estwing type claws it would be the best framing hammer ever.I had to downgrade my rating because the handle broke in less than 2 weeks!I will buy a new handle and try it again.Right now I 'd spend half the money and buy a Stanley Fat Max !
 NEED I SAY MORE ! come on guys how hard is it to make this here . This is not sink or swim Its just american greed ! Dont give me the govenment regulations b.s go back to your roots ! Estwing and Vaughn/Dalluge can make it here .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 Do n't buy this sprayer unless you must have the 150 lb . feature!I have owned a SP sprayer for two years . I have used it to spray roundup . It clogged and I took it apart to repair it . When I put it back together it would not build up pressure and did not work . I purchased new replacement parts . The recommended Kit 12 is very expensive . $ 28.89 for two `` O '' rings and two `` rubber ? '' washers . Despite the overpriced replacement parts cost SP also charged a $ 1.31 Materials Handling Fee and a $ 5.00 Warehouse Handling Fee . These fees were not mentioned a the time I placed the telephone order . I am buying a new sprayer from a different company .
 Be warn this is a pricey unit but very nice appearance . The switches are cheap though and the sensor has NO adjustment for sensitivity.You must get about 4-5 feet before it senses anything . Not too good for security but works at this very short distance.My old one went off at over 30 feet easily .
 Slipped out of my hand about 6 inches from concrete and it died . Bought a $ 18 replacement bulb -LRB- with shipping -RRB- and that lasted a split second as I watched it short out . PO'ed .
 $ 87 and change and only 125 lumens . What exactly makes it such a high price ? I have purchased at least 15 lights new off of eBay for friends and I ranging from 300 lumens up to 1600 lumens with rechargeable batteries and chargers and the most expensive was still under $ 50 . Wake up people
 ordered this by the picture in product description , very misleading!thinking about returning it ! streamlight is a very awesome light just thought it was the led one like in the picture under product description .
 I 'm a contractor and I 've had the Stinger Streamlight -LRB- Poly -RRB- in daily use for a little over a month . It is compact and very very bright . As you read the manufacturer 's description , pay close attention to these two stats
 Streamlight 65022 Stylus 3-AAAA LED Pen Light , Black with Ice Blue BeamI am pleased with the size and the light quality for this pen light , but it is hard to turn on and maintain in the on position for longer than a couple moments at a time . The on button is at the very end of the long , slender tube , and the action is so hard that it puts a dent in whatever digit you use to depress it . Leverage to keep it on is equally hard . If I had it to do over , I would look for a better product design .
 Perfect in every way for its intended use , it would rate 5 stars , except for two things
 The good thing is that it seems to be constructed well . The bad is that this pen light , with its dull fuzzy blue beam , does n't light up anything very well . It is very difficult for me to make out anything that I 'm looking at.No instructions or paperwork of any kind came with my light , and it took a few minutes to figure how to make the pen light stay on without constantly pressing the button . Sometimes when I 'm working in a dark area I hold a pen light in my mouth so I can use both hands.I finally found out , after a few minutes of experimenting , that you can just push the button in and hold it to get light , or twist the end where the button is located clockwise and it will stay on.I 'm glad it stays on when you twist the end where the button is , My tongue is n't strong enough to hold the button in by itself . But now that I know how it operates , I would advise a white beam , if you are trying to see something in the dark .
 The light arrived in timely fashion and it worked , but it seemed dim by comparison to what I thought it should be.I took the top off to take out the batteries and discovered the second and third batteries were badly corroded and only after soaking them with WD40 was I able to get them out .
 Although I like the look of these lamps , which I ordered a year ago , both of them have fallen apart . The part where the top screws into the base became stripped on both lamps , rendering them useless . We had to throw them away , basically throwing away $ 200 dollars .
 Do n't expect too much from this flashlight . I was n't very impressed , there are way better products for a better price .
 I own the Streamlight Stinger/rechargeable with the regular 25,000 candlepower -LRB- CP -RRB- lens . I then bought the 40,000 CP adapter -LRB- $ 35.00 -RRB- to improve the performance and increase the power of my Stinger . I was disappointed immediatelly
 Very bright - easy to handle - much smaller than I originally thought.Battery life has been horrendous . Barely lasts more than 2 days of on/off continuous work
 It did not work at all and so i returned it i DO need A Clip on flashlight but i need one that works and has parts i can get anywhere not parts i `` must '' buy from them . God bless take care .
 The design has great potential , the tilt head , you can use this hands-free , butthe halogen lamp did not produce an even or powerful beam . It is not properly matched to the mirror.Furthermore the focus of the beam can not be adjusted , you are told to disassemble itand try to move the lamp holder , this does not improve anything . The lens cover is alsoeasily scratched plastic.With a proper bulb mirror and lens this would be lovely , perhaps an LED version is available now ?
 well this is the only product that i have ordered from amazon that i am not writing a great review on . the only reason i ca n't because i ordered this product a month ago and it was not in stock and i am still waiting on it .
 This product is not the greatest , the batteries that came with it only lasted a couple days . I replaced the batteries and the new ones did the same , so I am not impressed or nor will I purchase another flash light made by this company .
 This flashlight is super bright and that is the only reason I gave it 2 stars . The batteries will be used up in no time and you ca n't just change them over with convenient AA 's or anything . This flashlight was expensive and no where near worth it . I have n't even looked to see what new batteries will cost because I will be trying to contact Streamlight about their product being defective . The light was so bright it burned a hole in the plastic lens in just a few uses . Such a waste of money really !!!!
 I had my Scorpian 85001 for about 10 days before it stopped working ... good batteries , good bulb , bad switch , tring to repair it and the bulb then fell into the front compartment behind the lenz ? ... good luck tring to get it out of there ? ... all and all a very disappointing situation , I need and use a reliable flashlite every working day , so I guess I 'll go back to my old reliable mini mag . $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks down the toilet ...
 I had it for three days and then it just stopped working . tested everything with a multi-meter and still couldnt figure it out . i returned it and the new one NEVER WORKED AT ALL . Then i returned that one and they didnt send me a new one , they sent me my money back , oh well.I would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 I gave this product 2 stars because , according to other reviews , it works for most people . But mine was missing the necessary switch and extra bulb -LRB- not that it was needed without the switch -RRB- . Luckily I bought it from Amazon so the return process was simple . Also , I read the directions and apparently the light will only work to its full potential for 1 hour , after that the lighting power will diminish and those batteries are not cheap . I was not able to witness this first hand but it 's right there in writing from Streamlight .
 I purchased an American Gardner line trimmer several years ago . The first summer it worked great ... plenty of power , charge lasted long , etc. . Over the winter -LRB- Chicago -RRB- it stayed in the garage with the charger unplugged . When I tried to charge the unit the next spring , the charger LED showed red . I called Am . Gardner and they sent a new charger for free but when I tried to use it to charge the unit , its LED also showed red -LRB- indicating that the lead-acid batteries would not charge . -RRB- I bought a 2nd Am . Gardner line trimmer -LRB- same model -RRB- . I thought to myself that this time , I would place the unit and charger in the basement over the winter and keep the charger plugged in at all times so that the unit was constantly charging . When I tried the unit the following spring it worked like new . So , I thought I had solved the problem and would be able to use the unit for years -LRB- since the trickle charging over the winter seemed to keep the batteries in good condition -RRB- . I moved the unit and charger to the garage for another summer of yard work . Then , it got over 95 deg . F in my garage one day and the charger LED showed red . After that one day , the unit never worked again , i.e. , charger LED showed red and batteries would not charge . My thoughts are that something , either in the batteries or the charger , is destroyed when the ambient temperature gets in the high nineties . I bet that if you keep the unit and charger constantly charging -LRB- no long periods of time off the charger -LRB- except , of course , when you are using it -RRB- and COOL -LRB- not in a hot garage -RRB- , it will last for several years .
 There really do not seem to be any electric string trimmers around which get glowing reports . I was a little dubious when I ordered my Yardstick as the reviews were mixed , although on balance mostly positive . Here is my take
 I have this product and purchased it in May 2004 . I have used it as a typical Florida homeowner throughout the years since I made the purchase , every weekend or so in the summer and hardly at all in the winter . I thought I was being green going battery powered . I never let it go completely dead and tried to keep a charge on the battery . Well , this is June 2007 and its dead . It works great while it works , good for light duty.I though it would have lasted longer . Have n't tried to find a battery yet but is it worth it ? Seems disposable . So much for going green!FYI - I am now going to buy a gas combo ...
 Well , let ' e be fair ... I really liked this when I first received it . Ample power and convenient . However , I lasted less than a year . The unit will not recharge and does not have enough power to trim . You have been warned .
 Dont buy it . In the first place when the battery goes bad in about a year you cant get replacements from the company . In the second place before the battery goes out the thing begins to fall about starting with the shroud that is supposed to cut the line . And speaking of the line you have the fun of finding the the line has gone inside the spool constantly so that you are always taking the spool apart to restring the cutting line . Other than these things its great .
 I probably only used this trimmer for 4 hours . I found the weight a large factor . It 's heavy . After holding it for 20 minutes , your arms will be sore . I am male , 5 ' 10 '' , 200 lbs with strong arms and shoulders.I found the cutting path to be narrow until I took off the shroud that cuts the trim cord.Higher ratings if it still worked .
 I was excited to be getting a trimmer that ran on batteries ! I use battery operated equipment for all of my woodworking needs -LRB- hand saw , jig saw , drill , etc -RRB- and they work great with plenty of power and good quality . That 's not what you get with this trimmer though . If I could give no stars I would.After 1 month the handle broke - how are you supposed to use this without a good handle ? We duct-taped it the best we could because it was either that or buy a new trimmer right away.After 2 months the plastic gaurd piece broke -LRB- where the string feeds out -RRB- . Finally , the power is not sufficient to even trim to my small front yard -LRB- typical city lot -RRB- so that I eventually went back to a gas-powered weed eater . Works great and the gas mess is worth the quality .
 This trimmer cuts like a champ . The 24-volt system holds a charge for a long time , and the trimmer will do all the trimming on my small lot on one charge . It is also the most powerful rechargeable trimmer I 've ever used . Its power rivals that of a very good Sears trimmer we have that plugs into the wall.The trouble is , while this tool is well designed , American Gardener seems to have neglected to buy and install high-quality components when they made it . I 've had two of these trimmers . I was delighted with the first , until it quit on me while I was using it for the second time . It probably had 45 minutes run time on it . I gave it to a young man who was running a yardcare business , but I never asked whether or not he got it running.To prove that dumb really does run in my family , I bought a second 24-V Yardstick . We put it into service in the spring of 2007 , and it has died already . It probably has 10 hours of use on it , maximum . The battery wo n't take or hold a charge . I do n't know or care whether the problem is in the battery or the charger . I have plans for this trimmer and charger ; they involve a trip to the shooting range and a couple large caliber revolvers.I 'm not trying to go back to American Gardener for repairs , as they were not the least bit interested in helping me on my first unit when it died . Do n't count on their guarantee . It may well be worse than their trimmer.I do n't think I would buy another American Gardener Yardstick if they were on sale for three bucks each .
 I purchased my unit two weeks ago after reading the rave reviews . I too was ready to abandon my stinky gas trimmer.I was initially optimistic when I opened up the unit . The unit was a bit heavy , but well balanced , and I liked how easy it was to spin the handle on the unit to switch the head from horizonal to vertical . The symmetric switch arrangement was intuitive and easy to use.After charging overnight , I headed out to start trimming . Almost immediately the spool feed became a real pain . The line would not feed smoothly , making it necessary to remove the spool to advance the line manually almost every time . -LRB- I now know why they include a second spool for free ... -RRB- . This weekend I brought it out for its ' second use . This time , the spool kicked out a double length of line . This extra amount of line should have hit the line cutter and been trimmed off . Instead , the line wrapped around the cutter and SHEARED IT OFF , sending the nice sharp chunk of metal flying . Since the line cutter is riveted to the line guard , it is not a user replaceable item.I 'm sending it back in the morning and looking at other models . I have n't ruled out other American Gardner products , but I think I will pass on this one .
 I bought this several months ago on the strength of the other reviews . The trimmer is attractive and balanced well , and the battery lasts long enough for me to work for almost an hour , which is great . Beyond that , I ca n't say much in favor of this item . The spool of line jams constantly -- I 've switched the spool and that does n't help . Every five or ten seconds I have to manually pull off the spool and advance the line by hand . The bumping mechanism is really poorly designed . The line has also broken the plastic guard at the end , so I 'll replace it before selling this used or giving it away . I 'm going to look at double-string trimmers , and anything by Black and Decker since their other products have worked well for me . This one has been a pain ... from the start ,
 I have had all the same problems as the others who have posted here.String cutter went fast , spool cover tab broke , charge does n't last as long as the Ryobi I last had . too much fiddling with the string feeder . BEFORE YOU BUY FINDOUT ABOUT REPLACEMENT PARTS AND HOW TO GET THEM .
 It 's too heavy , unbalanced , does n't keep a charge very long , the cord keeps breaking and it wo n't serves as an edger ... it trims fair and is cordless ... so if that 's what you 're after BUY it ... if not , stay with what you have .
 I bought this item two years ago to use for my VERY , VERY small yard . During the second use , I propped it against a fence to move some items in my yard and it fell over , breaking the plastic holding handle . Some popsicle sticks and LOTS of duct tape later , it was somewhat usable again.Later the first year , another plastic part broke -LRB- I ca n't really explain what it is but it is down by the trimmer line -RRB- . MORE duct tape and it was stumbling along once again.Then , early the second year , the plastic bump-feed part also broke so now the line has to be manually pulled out -LRB- and that is a big pain -RRB- . I do not recommend this trimmer at all - it is 95 % plastic and lousy plastic at that . I 'm tossing it this year and looking for a replacement that is more metal and less cheap plastic .
 I bought this trimmer in 2007 when it was about half the price that it is now . I was happy with it until I realized the LED light on the charger stopped lighting up . The charger is broken and wo n't charge the battery so it 's useless to me . The replacement product is apparently on back-order and I would have to wait forever to get a new charger . I 'm not sure what to do now . I would not recommend buying this product at all , I probably only used it 15 times and now it 's dead .
 I just finished replacing a brand new line unit and before I could even finish my front lawn I had to fix the line at least 10 times ! And this is not the first time that I have had this issue , it is every time . I wish I had never purchased this item and I will never buy another .
 Would you believe it the battery is NO good after 3 times ofuse . Of course there 's NO warranee for battery life.DO NOT BUY . The product weights a ton and GOD forbid youlost the spring used to hold cutting spool $ .29 + $ .695 s & S. ; You guessed it I lost the spring . So I ordered the spring and3 replacement spools $ 22.50 . Put new spool in place - press thebuttons - no noise - nothing . Called tech support - explainedworks while mounted - does NOT work Unmounted - Answer You NEED-New Battery - SORRY batteries are NOT included in our warinteeDO NOT BUY PRODUCTd
 As a previous reviewer also experienced , the trim line cutter broke off the first time I used this product . I was hoping this product would do the job as it seems well built , but with the ease at which the line cutter broke off , I wonder . I have to now return mine and reconsider a gas powered unit .
 The trimmer seems to have potential - power , well balanced , decent battery life . But I too ended my first session with the string cutter sheared off.When I contacted American Gardener , they punted on providing service , referring me back to the purchaser . They -LRB- Tool Crib of the North -RRB- do n't provide customer service over the weekend.So the jury 's still out .
 As usual , Amazon came through with an excellent price and prompt shipping.This product is the pits , though ! It worked pretty well through the first charge but quit ten minutes into what should have been the second charge . After much inquiry and detective work , it was found to have `` bad batteries '' , which would n't hold a charge and needed to be replaced . After reading the very fine print , we found that the batteries are NOT covered under the warranty and cost as much to replace as the trimmer initially cost . This after only 55 minutes of use.I 've gone back to an electric corded trimmer after this experience . Like the title says , Amazon , good , trimmer , bad ! I had to give it one star for the 55 minutes of use ...
 Customer Service is terrible , no help at all . They clearly do not stand behind their products . Needed parts and they were unable to help me .
 This is not a good product . The trimmer is heavy and the charge does not stay for long . You will have to keep charging it . DO NOT BUY !
 battery always charged to full power within 2-3 hours . However , spent 2 years chasing the line inside the spool because it would not feed line when prompted . Tonight , finally had enough and smashed against a tree ! I am buying a Black & Decker Hedgehog !
 I have had one of these for one year . Actually , I have a Craftsman model 900013 which is the same unit under a different label . This trimmer will initially impress you . It 's powerful and the battery seems to run forever . It 's a very good trimmer and a decent edger . What 's not to like ? Well , I 'll tell you . Read through all these reviews -LRB- check out the reviews at Sears , too -RRB- and pay attention to those from people who 've owned one of these units for a significant length of time ... After about 3-4 months you will begin to notice that the battery does n't seem to last as long as it used to . Then one day the unit will just stop working for no apparent reason . It will act like the battery is dead , even though it 's fully charged -LRB- according to the charger -RRB- . When that happens , just hold the trigger of the unit on while bumping the trimming end firmly against the ground . If you 're lucky , it will start working for a few minutes before it quits again . But by then , the battery will be getting so weak the unit will barely cut through anything . The long battery life it used to have is now a thing of the past . If it runs strong for 5 minutes at this point , you 're doing pretty good!My advice ? Keep your receipt and box handy . You 're going to need them when you return it for a refund/replacement . I wish this thing lasted . It 's a great product right out of the box . Unfortunately , it probably wo n't last you into a second season .
 I have used this unit about 5 times only.Already the spool advance cap has broken off.If your buying.I would look for a better quality product.They lost my buisness .
 Pros : - Charge lasts quite a while . Get about an hour out of it . Trims 3/4 acre yard without any degradation in power.-Best torque and power for an electric trimmer-Environmentally friendlyCons : - Heavy and can cramp your hand a bit for larger jobs -LRB- 1/2 acre + -RRB- - String cutter blade broke off after third use.-Dropped the unit on to concrete from 2 ft. off the ground . Handle cracked and the string guard cracked . My fault , but my old gas powered Toro and Homelite took similar abuse without damage.-String snaps off a lot during edging -LRB- every 3 or 4 feet I had to mess with the string feeder -RRB- . Edging is a bit difficult if you have some overgrowth on a driveway , for example . The owners manual does state the string will break until the yard is edged a few times , so at least the manufacturer realizes this issue . Thus , edge often and the string wo n't snap/jam as much -LRB- 20 - 30 ft on average before having to advance the string -RRB- . Recommendation : - Light duty trimming.-1 / 4 acre lots best used , 1/2 acre at most.-Heavy trimming or edging , not recommended.Next purchase will be a gas-powered model .
 This thing is poorly constructed . Within 20 minutes of using it , it basically self-destructed . I 've used many weed wackers . It first impressed me as being underpowered and with a small cutting radius , but I got the hang of using it . Then the cord broke off -LRB- as they often do -RRB- . I took off the spool , re-extended the cord , and replaced the spool . When I turned it on and the cord hit the cutter -LRB- which trims the cord to length -RRB- , instead of cutting the cord , it merely grabbed it , which then bent the cutter out of the way , and then the cord proceeded to smash up the protective plastic shield . Perhaps this is a fluke , but it seems poorly constructed to me .
 Strengths ----------- * Cordless * Well balanced * No gas , no oil , no exhaust fumes!Weaknesses ------------ * Charge does n't hold up for larger yards * Blade that cuts off excess trimmer line broke after 2nd useBottom line
 I purchashed this item because of the rave reviews , I did see a few complaints about the line feed mechanism but I thought I 'd give it a try anyway . This was a big mistake ! The first time i tried to use this trimmer the line jammed and broke off at the feed hole withing 5 minutes . Had to take it apart , rewind string , of course I dropped the spool and had to rewind the entire thing . Five minutes later , same problem , and I noticed that the knife that attaches to the gaurd -LRB- that cuts line to size -RRB- was bent . Two minutes later , I see knife come flying out from bottem and string breaks at feed hole again.This trimmer is a true P.O.S. ! Never even finnished one job for me before I have to return it . Do yourself a favor and get something else .
 The yardstick works fine -LRB- not great power but as much as you can expect from a cordless trimmer -RRB- . After two years it stopped working so I ordered a new battery and charger . I have currently been waiting seven weeks for the replacement -LRB- and it 's summer -RRB- . I have had to call at least 4 times to find out the reason for the delay and as far as I know the excuse is back order -LRB- the date for delivery changes every time I call -RRB- . I am beginning to wonder if it will ever arrive and perhaps they have no intentions of filling the request . Since this has been such an ordeal I would highly recommend not buying this product . As it is I am being forced to purchase another brand to get through the summer . Their customer service is awful - the very least they could do is inform the customer of the delay .
 the trimmer works ok but the spool cover is made of a thin plastic and breaks easily . first one broke after only 8 uses . order replacements but no different . sold the unit at a flea market and bought a B&D trimmer . best not but this unit .
 I purchased a Yardstick and used it twice . The battery would not hold a charge . When I talked to customer service they said it has a two year warranty but does not cover the battery . The reviews show this has happened to other usersd
 I went green and bought this more powerful trimmer when I had enough of my gas trimmer issues.I felt it was comfortable to use , quiet and ran for at least an hour as described . It did struggle with the thick grass a bit but made it through in the end . I found I could trim and edge on the same charge.I didnt care for the wheel edge trimmer . I found it trimmed the grass a half inch in from the edge , so I just did it by eye and liked the cut much better.I liked the wall charger , just hang it up on the charger when done and it will charge it up and it will be ready for next time.My problems began after using it 10 times before winter . I left it on the wall charger all Winter as I was supposed to do . Come Spring I had a hard time getting it off the wall charger to use it . It ran good and when I put it back on the wall charger it would not go back on propperly . I took the plug out of the wall hanger and tried to push it on the trimmer . No go . I got to looking at it and the plug in was oblong shaped and the plastic ring on the end looked like it was melted and out of shape.I called customer support many times to get this resolved . First they said I needed a new battery -LRB- not covered -RRB- , then the charger they werent sure if I needed to send in the old one first . Turned out no , just receipt and explination . I faxed in the receipt next day . called them to make sure they got it , they said they would take a message and have someone call me . A week later after hearing nothing nor recieving anything I called back . I got the same reply-take a message and someone will call you . They dont know if its been shipped , tracking number , nothing . So I am stuck waiting for them to call me to take the next step . I was able to trim a second time until the battery was out of juice . But I need to get the charger here so I can charge up the trimmer before I need to trim again . I have so far talked to them 6 times and still no charger.They want you to send in this , explain that , wait for a call , dont know much about the stage its in . Hurry up and wait while your grass grows taller.I have also recently noticed these are now available at Lowes for 79.99 . If you are really interested.If you prefer better service , which I do , I have seen the Craftsman 18volt that is promising and can be bought/serviced better locally.In the end if this YS24 doesnt go after the charger issue , I will have got a dozen uses out of it and I will be done with it and American Gardener products and service .
 Soon after purchasing the American Gardener YS24 I quickly learned why it is necessary to buy name brand quality products . The first season I used this product the plastic head of the YS24 spool needed to be replaced . Soon after the spool cover broke . Both parts are made with thin soft plastic that wears out quickly . Now I have a trimmer that is not useable because I ca n't find replacement spool cover parts anywhere ! The YS24 did n't last one season . Please reply to my review if you know where to get the replacement spool COVER if you know where to get one ?
 The trimmer works fine until the battery dies . Try to find a replacement for less than the cost of the trimmer . Good Luck !!
 I just bought this on July and have just used twice and the battery died . It does not take recharge at all -LRB- the LED keeps green all the time -RRB-
 For me , this product lasted 3 days worth of work ... I was terribly disappointed . It would n't even start .
 I have an earlier model and ca n't get any parts for it -- not even a replacement spool . How can you trust that kind of company ?
 My advice - do not buy this product unless you are willing to throw it away if a part breaks down.I have used my Yardstick trimmer for a number of years and have no complaints other than the batteries did n't last as long as I thought they should . My problem arose when I tried to order replacement batteries . I placed the order over two months ago ; my credit card was charge soon thereafter for the purchase amount . I placed a follow-up call before paying my credit card bill . I was told the batteries were back-ordered , but I would get them within a week after May 5 . I paid the credit charge . After an additional five -LRB- 5 -RRB- follow-up calls , I still have not recieved the batteries . So , buyer beware !
 Do not recommend purchase of the YardStick 24-volt because :1 . It is too heavy - much too heavy for my wife .2 . Normally after using about 5 minutes the line breaks and retreats into the coil housing requiring disassembly - it takes about 15 minutes to fix .3 . Battery lasted only one year - very expensive to replace so I did n'tBig disappointment
 I loved it -LRB- after fabricating a shoulder harness , its heavy -RRB- . After two years and 5 no charge replacement cutter guards -LRB- count n't use it while waiting for another replacement -RRB- the battery -LRB- now no longer on warranty -RRB- went from 45 minutes -LRB- which was known & fine -RRB- down to 25 minutes & inadequate .
 After reading reviews both pro and con , I decided to try the AGY 24-volt trimmer . My biggest concern as a woman was its weight , but I figured that I am stronger than most and that the extra power would compensate for any fatigue . Only way to know was to try it for myself.After charging it for the full 16 hours , I took it out to try on my two-week-neglected Bermuda grass lawn . First thing I noticed is that the weight is unevenly balanced so that my wrists rather than the support arm acted as the fulcrum , resulting in excessive strain and overcompensating through the shoulders . It also was a bit short for me -LRB- at 5 ' 7 '' -RRB- so that I had to hunch to get it to reach the edge of the sidewalk . After only ten minutes , I was definitely feeling it.But the thing had power ! Compared to the Black and Decker cordless models I had used previously , this baby was a champ , whacking through thick matted Bermuda turf as though it were bluegrass . I went all the way around my back yard , then the neighbors ' , then their front , sidewalk , flower beds , and got half way across my sidewalk before the battery wore down . Three to four times the battery life of the Black and Decker!I did have to remove the spool to pull out more line two or three times in the half hour I used the trimmer , and it was harder to put back together than other units I have owned . But the heftier line diameter was a definite plus in chopping through bad stuff . I will say , though , that my edging was not nearly so neat as with more petite models -- not sure if I needed more practice or if it just cuts a choppy line . I did notice it did better when I stood on the grass side and faced the sidewalk -- some kind of funky angle on the line as it exits the head.Still undecided as to whether I would keep it , I put it back on the charger to power it back up . Was concerned about the numbness in the two fingers of my right hand that had supported the trigger -- strange for just a trimmer ! But after twenty minutes or so , I had the use of my hand back . Gave it another several hour charge and went out to finish the front yard . Five minutes into some pretty happy whacking , kaput ! No power . No response from either trigger , no nothing.All I can say is that I am just glad mine died on the first day and not after I had recycled the box ! I wo n't be keeping it or trying any other American Gardener trimmers.Oh , and the charger requires you to hang the entire unit from the wall -LRB- others I have used required only the battery to be hung -RRB- . This battery is not removable , nor is there a backup . My shop space is at a premium and the requirement of a full four vertical feet of trimmer recharging space was going to be a big sacrifice.I guess I 'll go back to Black and Decker -- their units only last a year or two and require frequent chargings , but at least they work !
 Battery operated trimmer is a good idea but not this one . The firsttime I used it the string cutter broke off . It had marginaly adequate power for trimming but I do n't think it would handle anything too tough . My advice is leave this one alone . Wait until they reengineer the cuttter , because I promise you it will break .
 I 'll begin by saying that I think that a cordless trimmer is a great idea . I chose this model because of the good reviews that it received . The first thing that I noticed was the weight . After about a half hour of continuous use , I felt as though I had just done an upper body workout at the gym , and I 'm no lightweight . I would recommend taking breaks , perhaps after 10 minutes of use . This is , of course , because of the weight of the onboard battery . I was willing to overlook this minor irratation . The worst came when on the 5th use the motor just quit , suddenly . I had recharged the unit overnight , and it operated fine for about 5 minutes , then nothing . I contacted the manufacturer , and they promptly responded . They offered to replace the item or repair it . I suggested what the problem might be , and they agreed that that was probably it . I decided to fix it myself , as I did not want to box it up , etc. . The problem was simply one of the wires that connects the motor to the onboard batteries was no longer soldered to its terminal on the motor . A simple fix , about 20 minutes -LRB- including disassembly -RRB- . I am willing to upgrade my rating of this product to 3 stars , mainly because of the manufacturer 's willingness to resolve the problem .
 I bought my Yardstick last summer , wanted to do a neater job with my yard . It worked OK for the 3-5 times that I used it last summer.Plugged it into the charger recently to get started on yardwork for this season . It went for about 45 seconds before it died . Charged it up for another day or so , took it out for another spin . Nothing happened , it is totally dead . What a waste of money . -LRB- I have to say , though , that this is the first product I 've ever gotten from Amazon that was a piece of junk . -RRB- I contacted American Gardener via email as the yardstick was still in warranty , and they totally ignored my email . 0 points for customer service.If you want to spend the money to use it for one season only , go ahead . If you want to get more out of it than that , be sure to buy a replacement warranty or someone else 's product .
 Loved it when I received it but after 5-6 uses it no longer runs.I would not recommend wasting the money . I have to buy nanother one now.Cb
 If you are looking for a replacement for a gas trimmer , this is not the one . I decided I did not want to drag a cord around anymore but I did not want to worry about a gas engine . So I thought the battery was the answer . WRONG . This one is too heavy . The gas motor is heavy but is well balanced . This trimmer is not balanced , you carry all the weight . Second the cover around the head is too small . Third the trimmer advertises you may turn it around and use it as an edger . Well you can turn it around but forget edging with it . Every time I attempted this the line broke off inside the head . I had to stop , take off the line spool , fish out the line and start over . This occurred every time I tried it as an edger . Last it is underpowered . I used it for about 30 minutes . It did keep running but would bog down when attempting to cut a moderately thick patch of grass .
 Bought this product last year . Have had problems from the beginning . The trimmer did n't hold a charge for more than 10-15 minutes . The connector between machine and charger is not very user friendly . Went to charge it this spring and the charger is cracked . Checked website and found they are defunct . No way to charge machine . Now it 's just a large paperweight .
 I do n't believe this item is so good , I own one since 2005 , just used couple of times -LRB- may be 10 times -RRB- , now , the battery is bad , I have to either buy a new battery for YS-24 -LRB- around $ 25 plus $ 5 or more for shipping -RRB- , or buy a wired model , like Craftsman 12 '' . I will go for the second one , I am not likely to buy battery for every five years -LRB- only use 10 times -RRB- , and it is much heavy than the wired one , save your money , you can use the same money to buy two wired trimmer.I give it two stars since it did good work when it is functional , but , for its battery life , I have to cut three stars from it .
 I bought this about a year ago from Sears . When it charged , it barely would make it through trimming the front yard -LRB- I have a small yard -RRB- . Then it decided not to recharge at all . I went to Sears and they no longer carry it . I can not recommend this product . It was a waste of money .
 I will leave my original review posted below , to see how I felt BEFORE the `` event '' . The event unfolded as thus : I have had the headlamp for about 3 weeks . I have used it about once a week , when , on Thursday nights , I walk the dog when I get home from work late . Tonight was walk # 4 since getting the headlamp . Each walk lasts no longer than 45 minutes , usually 30 . About ten minutes into tonight 's walk ... the batteries died.Yep . We 're talking 2-3 hour battery life , MAX . From 5 stars to 2 , just like that . What a huge disappointment . ___________________________________________________________ This headlamp is great . Not only a comfortable and snug fit , but THREE different light settings.The green light setting is for the kid in my 30 year old body - I love running around with that on while I walk the dog . And , hey , it works extremely well.The super bright white light is great for close-up , its almost like daytime within a few feet of your head.Finally , the `` regular flashlight '' setting is powerful , and you can see very well far away.If you are getting a headlamp , there is no doubt this should be your choice .
 When it works , it works great , but it seems to have a loose connection somewhere because it does go out sometimes and you have to jiggle it to get it to work . So either a design flaw , or I got one with a manufacturing error .
 Brightness is fine for me but I was n't aware that you had to keep your finger on the button the entire time to keep it lit up . Very inconvenient
 Nice little flashlight and well crafted but , why in the heck does it need its very own specially sized `` AAAA '' battery ? At first , I thought it was a mis-print on battery size . Streamlight should be ashamed of them selves . A person could really find themselves out of luck if the battery runs-out and nobody `` in-town or other country '' has never even heard of 4A size , worthless batteries . At the end of the day folks , no power means , no work . The engineers of StreramLight would be truly `` reaching '' to justify thier choice of batteries when `` AA '' or even `` AAA '' would work so much better and more efficiently .
 I 've had issues with the keyless chuck since the beginning , ca n't tighten it enough to grab an average drill bit well.Shortly after new , the front end started becoming loose . I opened it up and found there was really nothing other than plastic to hold the front bearing assembly , and as you use the drill and it heats up a little , the plastic warms and deforms , to where finally , the gears stop meshing completely , the ring gear strips , and the drill finds its way to the trash ...
 When I was lured into buying this drill , the ad read Skil 6130-01 3/8-inch 120V Drill USA . False advertising . First of all , the drill is made in China . Even the trigger feels like a cheap imitation of a US made tool . I took the chuck off of it and threw it in the trash . I 'll probably end up doing the same with the chuck .
 I originally bought this a year ago to use it for when I run ems . Brightness and battery life were all true for this product . The manufacturer claimed it would not break . Well it did and in only six months and when I really needed it to work . When I needed it I went to click it on and when I did the bulb and batteries came out the front . It seams the black top developed a crack and the whole thing came apart . Do n't get this one there are others out there that are better constructed .
 It is nice and heavy , easy to charge but not near the brightness it should have . I wish I bought the LED one .
 I invested the money based on the reviews but it failed on me after only a couple months and , even after repairs , failed again and has been re-assigned to the garbage can . Very disappointed as I expected to get what I had paid for !!
 Purchased this in December and really liked it just as all the others mentioned however , while doing work in attic , it DIED . Just plain dead . Bulb wo n't work whatsoever . Talk about leaving you high and dry ... or in this case , high and blind . Own three Streamlights but really expect better performance from a $ 100 flashlight . VERY disappointing !
 I 'm not happy at all - to spend that much money and wait a full week for delivery and have the flashlight arrive without a bulb . What a joke.I 'll be returning this item and you can bet it wo n't take me a full week .
 I got my Ultrastinger from Amazon today . It has a cracked/torn rubber nipple over the on/off switch , and from all the fingemarks and other tell-tale little marks on it , it 's clearly a USED , PRE-OWNED item . Other evidence
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 A flashlight seems like a simple device and they are available in various qualities everywhere . I chose to pay 30 + dollars for a 10 LED flashlight that the reviews here would indicate was expensive but nearly indestructible and could be counted on in an emergency . I bought this Streamlight 3C LED flashlight to have available in emergency situation and it failed to operate properly in normal use within the first 4 months . After a couple months of non use I found the batteries to be dead . -LRB- the 3 C batteries were measured with a voltmeter and were at half their 1.5 full capacity voltage or less -RRB- -LRB- they were new and a solid 1.54 volts when they went in -RRB- It appears that either the electronics built into the 10 LED lamp assembly are defective or the switch on the end has a bad connection which never quite turns it all the way off.Bottom line , , , , , , , , , , , I can not give this Streamlight Flashlight a good rating and took the time to come here and write this review so others can be aware that paying more does n't necessarily get you more.I 'll be looking for a less expensive flashlight from a local store for something like this next time as it is n't worth my time to package and ship this off to the MFG and wonder if they will ever send me a replacement.Life is too short , , , and in an emergency a light can mean your life ! **** Additional comments **** Streamlight `` tech support '' spontaneously responded to one of my many emails for support and sent me a new 3C flashlight to their credit . -LRB- I had written them I had given up and would buy a new light elsewhere -RRB- I was pleased ! BUT , , , , , , , , , , I just went to use the new light that was fitted with new -LRB- voltage tested -RRB- batteries and placed in my toolkit , and you guessed it the batteries are dead and the light does not light . My guess is -LRB- now -RRB- there is some sort of defect in the 10 LED `` bulb '' component of the flashlight . As this is the identical problem as before it can be no coincidence and I would suspect that they may be aware of it but are still selling them , figuring 30 + dollars is too small an amount for anyone to hound them about . I wo n't be contacting them but once again took the time to write this so you wo n't waste your money on this particular light .
 Contrary to what a previous reviewer said about being able to throw it against a wall without breaking it , this flashlight did not survive a 2 foot fall from my young childs hand onto the street this Halloween evening.It is broken and no longer working . I had it a week . Update 11/14/03-after several emails back and forth , the company did send a free replacement LED bulb unit . The flashlight works again . Only thing now is that they sent blue LED lights instead of the white ones I had originall purchased . I 've raised the ranking one more star for their response , albeit flawed.Be careful it is fragile despite it 's looks . Do n't be fooled by claims by other reviewers who have not put it through a simple test by a child dropping it .
 I bought one of these lights to work underwater and the seals failed filling the battery compartment with water . Streamlight replaced it , but when dropped from 4 feet to a carpeted floor it failed . . replacement LED is 37.95 with shipping and replacement Streamlight 3C LED can be had for $ 39.00 so ... I am tossing the Streamlight 3C LED in trash can and taking the loss ... Sorry , but this item is not reliable , durable , or dependable . . such a surprise for a company with such a good rep
 I purchased both the Streamlight ProPolymer 3C and 4AA flashlights . The 4AA is rated at 27 lumens and the 4C is rated at 40 lumens . I have tried different sets of batteries in both flashlights but the 3C never puts out more light than the 4AA . The 4AA is smaller and fits better in the hand and since it is just as bright and costs much less I can not recommend the 3C but am happy with the 4AA . One curious note about the 4AA
 This light is great until you drop it or bump it then it just craps out . For the money the buyer has a right to expect a better quality , more durable , light .
 I bought elsewhere . Water did taste better BUT I have asthma . My asthma got worse & I could smell ozone when I ran the machine . I got an ozone test kit & put test strip about foot from the top of the machine ; test from the IAACM - -LSB- ... -RSB- . Test confirmed unsafe ozone levels . Later I saw Consumer Reports explain their test results of ozone being released was the reason it was listed as unsafe / do not buy . I stopped using the Lotus water treatment & my asthma is much better . I was very upset b/c it has the water quality association gold seal , passed both NSF 42 / 53 tests , & filter lasts 300 gal . BUT IT DOES RELEASE OZONE so do n't buy it if you value your lungs ! Even if my unit was defective , it is too much of a hassle to keep getting ozone test kits to check if a unit is o.k. Look at Consumer Report user reviews , etc. to see others have ozone issues too . There is a pitcher purifier but filter -LRB- $ 8 ea -RRB- last only 40 gallons , so lots of filters in the trash . Reverse osmosis can waste water & takes lots of under counter / sink space . Still looking for a water PURIFIER not a water filter system that I can manage myself .
 I purchased the Tersano drinking unit a few years back . The first issue I had was that it was not working properly -LSB- unit would not dispense water -RSB- after 1 year and the company replaced the caraff.This issue happened again and they replaced the base part . The main issue was that the main unit would leak water and not work properly . The unit worked well for 1 year but fell apart after that . When I called customer service , they mentioned that I had to purchase a new unit . I did that and I had the same leaking issue from the base of the unit -LSB- there would be a puddle of water -RSB- and it would not dispense water from the base into the caraff.Love the idea but do not believe in their quality since they moved their manufacturing of the product to China . If you buy this product it will work for a while but will stop wortking after a period of time . I would not recommend it to my family or anyone else fro that matter.Not a good investment.Mike L
 MY TOTAL COST PER GALLON = $ 1.03 PER GALLON WATER USING THE LOTUS WATER TREATMENT SYSTEM.I do n't usually write reviews but thought I should write a review on this product -LRB- Lotus Water Treatment System -RRB- so that potential customers are well informed before purchasing this water treatment system . I purchased the Lotus Water Treatment System May 30 , 2008 and have used it daily until it broke -LRB- processing motor -RRB- September 7 , 2011 . I went through 2 filters and just started on my 3rd filter . I was the only person using it so if you have more than one person going to use it take that into consideration on about how long it will last before potential motor failure.The unit comes with a 1 year warranty and if you have problems with the unit you have to send it back to Tersano -LRB- AT YOUR COST - KEEP BOX FOR 1 YEAR -RRB- . After 1 year just throw the water treatment system in the trash because Tersana Inc. the company that makes the Lotus Water Treatment System `` does NOT fix products . `` This is what Adriana representative from Lotus told me . They do have very fast -LRB- email -RRB- response time with customer support and Adriana seems to want to help.The time it takes to process 2 quarts of water is about 7 minutes . So if you 're in a hurry to get out the door for work that 7 minutes can seem like a long time.The water taste very good if used within 10 hours of processing the water . After 10 hours the water will have a weird after taste and if you let the water set in the refrigerator for 24 hours and try to drink it -LRB- NOT RECOMENDED -RRB- the water tastes terrible . I always keep my water sealed in a glass vacuum container and the water does not absorb any odors from outside the container . I never did understand why the water taste so bad in such a small amount of time.I figured out what the cost per gallon of water for the life of the unit for me and my computations are below : Lotus water treatment System is $ 256 with shippingFilter replacement $ 58 with shipping -LRB- I purchased 2 Total -RRB- $ 116 Total for 2 filters.Processing carafe broke after the 1st year $ 20 after 5 week wait because they were on backorder . Backorder happens a lot with this company . I had to wait over a month just to get replacement filter # 2 . My total cost taken from above is :-LRB- $ 256 unit + $ 116 filters + $ 20 carafe -RRB- = $ 392 . Each time you process water it makes 2 US quarts or .50 US gallon . So 2 process times = 1 US gallon of water.The water processing carafe is designed to hold 2 quarts . The filter is designed to process 365 cycles -LRB- 183 gallons water -RRB- before it needs replacing with a new filter -LRB- $ 58 -RRB- . My total gallon used about 380 gallonsMy total cost for 380 gallons water = $ 392 _______________________ Total cost per gallon = $ 1.03 _______________________ The average water treatment system is about 10 cents per gallon . The water treatment system that replaced this one is 10 cents per gallon . I hope this helps with your decision making process . I wish I had this information 3 years ago .
 I really believe in the value of clean fresh drinking water and this looked like a viable alternative to a more costly system . And the quality of the water taste was excellent . But it 's true that you get what you pay for . And I paid ... one unit lasted just about 6 months before it stopped pumping water . Sent it back under warranty - took about 6 weeks but finally got another , that stopped pumping just a number of months later . They did replace it , another 6 to 8 weeks , and that was because I hounded them . The last unit lasted about 5 months before it did the same thing . I do n't want to keep going with this . I do like the taste of the water but I now regret not shelling out a few hundred or more for a better system.Plus , I also own the Tersano vegetable bowl cleaning system and have had similar problems with that , seizing up , even starting up on it 's own - hopefully I was right there and it did n't overheat and burn my house down !!! Plus , I ordered a brand new replacement bowl for that unit and once they -LRB- finally -RRB- sent it it to me , I was horrified to find dried food on it !!!! Disgusting ! Again , they sent a replacement , but WHO DOES THAT ?????
 The delivery on this product took way to long , and after calling to get the tracking # , I was given the run around . Also , I bought one from Costco in the past and they provide 2 pitchers , Amazon only provided one and the price went up over 30 % .
 I was very excited when I saw this product on HGTV 's `` I Want That ! '' . Who would not want better tasting super pure water ? I ordered the unit and it arrived no problem . The unit itself is quite large and dwarfed everything else in my kitchen . Water processing easily and is very clean tasting . However the water made my tongue tingle and I developed a headache and a rash on my chest the very next day ! As soon as I went back to my Brita I was fine.This product could be great if you are looking to leave the expense and waste of bottle water behind . However , use the product as soon as you get it . If you have any problems do not hesitate to return it pronto . You 'll either love it or hate it .
 Tersano sells a lousy product and the company is not honest . Amazon should stop doing business with company like that .
 Here is the test you should try -LRB- for anyone who have this unit -RRB-
 Before you buy based on the reviews click on the reviewers and you can see they have only reviewed other products made by this company.The language is similar in all the reviews . Abuse of the review system is terrible and I hope the company suffers for it .
 Decided to buy based on consumer reports recommendation . This was just a couple months ago and they recommended it . They did n't say NOT to buy it . My question -LRB- and the reason I 'm leaving a low rating -RRB- is
 I decided after reading the instructions for use , this product was just not for my busy working life . I did not remove it from the box and asked to return it.What a disappointing surprise to learn that the company charges a $ 15 restock fee ! Had I known before purchasing , I would not have.I am stuck with this product & will try to sell it privately.Check the seller 's return rules BEFORE purchasing !
 I seem to have gotten the last one of these . Lucky me . The fool thing did 3 cycles and stopped pumping water into the pitcher . It did , however , manage to dump lots of water on the table and floor due to a leak in the filter enclosure . The thing was sent in a box that was sized for two units . There was no packing material in the extra large outer box . So , I 'm sure the inner box had a merry journey of its own on the trip from the seller . I 've asked for a refund . Let 's see if I get one .
 We have had the LSR100 for a year and it worked great . Then just as the one year warranty expired , to our surprise the system stopped working . And for the past three months the customer service has been telling us to wait for a technician to call . And you wait and wait for nothing . Tersano built a product that needs to be replaced annually and for the price of the unit , it is not worth it . I read some recent reports and they had similar complaints with customer service -LRB- or should I say no customer service -RRB-
 It would be too extensive to write about the problems I have had with this product so I will summarize . The first unit was defective -LRB- would not dispense water at all -RRB- . We contacted Tersano and they have the worst customer service I have seen in a long time . If you are lucky enough to actually get someone within their very limited call hours they try to push you off on someone else or just plain do n't return your calls or emails . It took us a long time to finally get the unit we had replaced with a brand new one . That new system worked for just about a year . Right around the time the warranty expired it broke , blowing a fuse within the first few seconds of running the filtration system . Every time we try and run it , it blows a fuse and shuts off . We contacted Tersano and all they offered was to give us $ 50 off the purchase off a new piece of unreliable junk . We have another call into them that as of now has not been returned.Do not buy this product or anything else from Tersano . If you have any problems with your product , and chances are you will , you will be sorry you had to deal with their customer service . I really really regret this purchase .
 We bought the second lotus machine in 2 years and it broke again in less than a year . We really like the water , when it works but it just breaks to easily . Therefore it is just too expensive . I guess we will be looking for a new system .
 This is really a piece of garbage . Do NOT buy this.When I tried to put it together I was shocked at how cheap the material was . The plastic seemed almost used and brittle . The top portion that goes over the filter to encase and draw out the water DID NOT FIT no matter what I tried . Short of jamming it on there and breaking it -LRB- Which I was n't willing to risk -RRB- there was no way to even get the machine running . Even the packaging the product came in seemed used , as if they repackaged a used machine and box and thought the consumer was too stupid to notice.For me , that alone was enough to return this with all possible haste . My vote is to NOT buy this machine as it is cheaply made and the instruction do not seem to cover anything beyond very basic assembly .
 A waste of money - takes forever to get it to just run . Wonder if the company is having their people put up all the great reviews .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 before i get to the bad stuff let me just say that i have experience with labour , but using this machine was this was the first time ive ever peeled wallpaper . the machine was also a rental from my loacl home depot , so there is a chance it was underperforming due to its misuse and abuse by lots of people . however . i still think it shoulfd have been able to get the job done . . The problems i found ith this unit were -LRB- the big seaming attachment did not distribute seam very well and one area would be over dampened while the rest would be under dampened . this mean that i would go to scrape some walpaper off and the dry part wouldnt peel , and the damp part would tear a chunk into the drywall . -LRB- sure it would help if i was better at moving thesteam pad around more , but when you are scraping with one hand and steaming with the other , some times your timing isnt perfect.Also the smaller steam attachment has plastic threads , that strip easily meaning the hose that relays the seam though can pop off often , shooting steam all over , and making it impossible to reattach until the whole unit cools down ... other than the obvious flaws in this device , i cant help put wonder if there isnt a better way to remove wallpaper than this ? I am a very fit , muscular guy and I used this steamer for 10 hours and could only get about 70 feet of paper off ? srely there has got to be something better ?
 We installed this tape on my steps in Southern California -LRB- not very difficult weather -RRB- and it rained a week later and most of the tape came off . Do n't waste your money .
 Installed in a textured fiberglass shower . a quarter of it came off on the first use . Looked great but did n't last . I 'm still looking for something that works .
 I just received these lamps and they are not at all like the picture . The shades are off-white NOT white . There is a gold trim on all the edges and the hardware is this cheesy looking brass -LRB- one of which was bent -RRB- . One of the shades was bent too and I was extra careful opening due to the last review . I am very dissappointed and now I have to figure out how to return them !
 Bought some GE halogen G8 and G10 bulbs for big bucks at the local Lowes . The G8 lasted less than 6 months in a desk lamp , the G10 lasted all of three weeks in a ceiling fixture . Definitely should have saved money and bought the no name ones on-line at Amazon , and I will do that in the future .
 I ordered a lamp from this seller and they have not shipped it , they have not contacted me to explain the delay . This is horrible customer service and I think this seller should be removed from Amazon !
 Not a bad light , easy install , good sensor . BUT aiming the mount is done in the usual way with one axis -LRB- roll -RRB- at the actual mounting plate and the other -LRB- elevation -RRB- done at the knuckle behind the lamp itself . So if it is aimed at an oblique angle the lamp head ends up rotated considerably , which would be fine except the tag for the lightbulb itself says it must be level to + _ 4 degrees . That means the light must be aimed almost straight out from the wall it 's on to minimize rotation . That is a really severe limitation unless that direction happens to light up what you want .
 I wanted to like these and out of the box they seemed great -LRB- I bought three of them -RRB- . However , one of the three had a bulb that burnt out after just ten months , despite the fact that , that particular light had hardly any traffic and that bulb had barely ever lit up . So I called Heath-Zenith . First issue , nearly a half hour waiting for them to come on the line - even while they play a message over and over saying ` your call is very important to us ' - so important we will only have a few people answering the phones and you just have to wait , sucker . Finally a woman comes on and asks the model number . I asked her why the wait time was so long . She does n't answer . I give her the model number and explain the bulb burned out . `` Oh , if that 's why you are calling , the two year warranty plainly states bulbs are not covered . '' The WARRANTY becomes the decider , not the simple fact that THEY wrote and made up the warranty . It was not unlike when you call the government and they tell you ` THE LAW ' says we have to do it that way . `` We do n't make the bulbs - so they 're not covered under the warranty . '' Oh , so if I sell you a new car and somebody else makes the bumper I put on my car and it breaks , it 's not covered by the WARRANTY ? Did n't you pick the supplier for your bulbs ? The lady then starts arguing with me by saying `` There 's lots of parts on a car that are n't covered by the warranty . '' Ok , thanks for your time . I 'll be sure to let everyone know about your great products and customer service .
 Nice light , easy to install but died after a month of winter outdoor use.Sent it back for a refund.I would not recommend for outdoor use exposed to the elements .
 very bad quarlity . I bought 3 , only one works now . I have to replace those two with another kind one .
 worked for a while and then just stopped . I tried new bulbs and it still didnt work . I bought the 2 light version and love it . not sure why this one sucked so badly .
 light worked for a short time . light comes on at night and stayes on all night . i will go to lowes and get my next light !!
 Without a complete description or the ability to zoom in on the picture I assumed these were sythetic fiber and that there was a very small thin `` brush '' in the kit . The brushes are natural fiber and the fibers break loose very easily . The twisted wire ends are just cut off , not smoothed or deburred , which could lead to scrathes on the inner bores of your equipment . The small very thin `` brush '' is actually just a wire . These brushes are all larger than I expected , the `` toothbrush '' is about 7.5 '' long -LRB- for reference -RRB- and the smallest diameter brush is 7/16 '' diameter , a little too big for many of the smaller orifices in most spray equipment . Not too expensive , but not what I was looking for .
 Neo angle shower base never checked by quality control at factory . Warning to others who purchase *** Check the curb height from outside corners to 22 1/2 degree turn , 5 3/8 inch to 5 inch on a 19 inch run . Presented a problem when attempting to level at three major points from inside corner and installing glass enclosure , had to modify glass and frame . This company , Lifetime Water Works that I ordered it from has no contact number , only email source , so beware and order from a biz who will have a tech service . Trying to explain an issue in an email to this company was impossible , because they are not familiar with the product they sell . I was told to contact American Standard via email from them even though I requested to speak with a rep , must be a one man organization . The labor hours was costly . Most may say , why was it installed , well I ordered a direct fit shower enclosure that I gave the benefit of the doubt thinking maybe the tapper was purposely on the curb to direct water flow away from the wall and the shower enclosure would allow for the tolerance . NOT , my bad , I will never order from Lifetime Water Works again only due to them not having a contact number and a bail out to contact american standard by email . If I knew prior to my order that they dont own a phone , this would have never happened , Amazon wake up and stop thinking dollars and think of the consumer , everyone you deal with should have a phone . You think this is an indicator that Lifetime Water Works wants no returns ? or buys seconds ?
 I would not ever use another one of these lights . We have several at work . Tonight one of the bulbs went out and when I reached under it to turn the light to see what type of bulb it took I got 110 volts to the hand . There is a small metal wire that helps keep the elec plug in the bulb . It can move and get in the wires lighting more than the bulb . Very unsafe ... . if you have one watch out . We are in the process now of removing all of them and cutting the plugs off .
 Very poor design to replace a 4 year old Kohler toilet seat -LRB- with Kohler Toilet -RRB- . Got it only for the soft close . Unfortunately it does n't work . and the fact that Kohler made it 's even more disappointing.The hardware are very poor fit , and no matter how you turn it , you ca n't fasten it and it very wobbly .
 Pros
 The hardware is SO cheap on this seat , it never stays in place and it makes a nice seat the worst thing ever . The `` quick '' release works well when you sit on it and the seat slides off the toilet . The bolts are plastic and will not allow the seat to be securely be screwed down . Very disappointed in Kohler with this product . Returned it to Amazon the next day .
 We have hade the Kohler Cachet Quiet-Close Elongated Toilet seat for just over 3 years . We have not had any complaints until this week , when the Quiet-Close feature died . There does n't seem to be any way to fix it . Apparently , it is not built for longevity .
 Arrived with a broken hinge . We chose to not replace as the quality of the entire product was thin and flimsy .
 Just installed a new kohler commode that came with this seat . The hinge system was so loose that it slid sideways on the commode with the least pressure . Although the Mayfair seat on the commode I was replacing was looking a little old , I put it on the new commode rather than keep the Kohler one . The Kohler seat has a sealed hinge system , and there is no way to improve the action so that the seat does n't slide sideways . A very poor design .
 If I could give it negative stars I would . The clips are cheap plastic and do not hold it in place . it moves .
 Overall , it serves its purpose . The quiet-close is facilitated with dampened hinges . The closing works as described , albeit a little slow . You can always force it to close quicker . The dampening would not affect women , as they can just use their weight to force the seat close and do their business . However , the dampening still occurs when you 're opening the toilet seat . For guys , when lifting the seat , the dampening causes a bounce-back . This bounce-back , along with gravity , will cause the seat to start to close . So during those times when I really have to go , I have to use one hand to hold the seat up and open -LRB- to counteract the dampening -RRB- . Not exactly ideal .
 Works good . Quiet , smooth ... but it is the MOST UNCOMFORTABLE SEAT I have ever sat on.Came with my new toilet , but I 'll be changing it to something else ... verrry quickly . I keep thinking it is ` just me ' but after reading other reviews it seems I 'm not the only one in `` uncomfortable '' territory .
 I was very disappointed with the seat . It was n't any better quality than the one that came with the toilet . If you spend that much for a toilet , you do n't want to sit on a flimsy , cheap plastic seat .
 Would NOT recommend ! Within two months of light use , the hinge and lid came apart . Thought it was a fluke , and fixed it , and fell apart again . I can see from other reviewers that had the same problem that mine was not a lemon.Kohler , you should be ashamed of yourself for selling such poor quality . My trust in your brand has really diminished .
 I bought this toilet seat less than four years ago . The back hinges broke and now I need to replace it . It seems that a toilet seat should last longer than that especially when you paid like $ 30 for it . Just thought I should let those of you who are thinking of buying this product .
 This seat is awful . It moves when you sit on it . Last nite it came off the toilet when my son sat on it . The plastic fasteners are impossible to get tight enough . If I could return it I would but it 's used and I did n't save the box . I wish I could get my money back .
 Purchased at Home Depot - thought I was `` upgrading '' instead of the standard Bemis seat I have on all other toilets . The screws and `` quick release '' nut thing are terrible - constantly coming lose and sliding . I have tried adjusting a million times , but based on the other reviews here it was not just my experience . I am baffled as to why they do n't simply use a standard bolt and nut to attach this seat -LRB- which I will go purchase tomorrow -RRB- . The seat needs to be held in the upright position for a few seconds in order to stay , else it starts to come down -LRB- slowly to boot -RRB- mid pee stream.Buy a Bemis or other generic brand - this Kohler is a waste of time .
 This seat came with my 1-piece Cimarron toilet ... in addition to being quite flimsy and ready to snap off , it is remarkably uncomfortable . The sitting area is angled inwards , like the edge of a funnel , so it squeezes you inwards in the strangest way . Needless to say , I am now researching a replacement seat ... sigh .
 We recently bought a new home and wanted to replace some of the toilet seats in the house . I tried this Kohler seat for our master bath , along with Mayfair 's molded wood seat for the guest bath . The Kohler seat cost about 50 % more , so I figured Kohler 's name and quality typically associated with their products would have been worth it right ? ... wrongThe Kohler seat felt flimsy and was very shifty when sitting on it . I attribute all of this to their `` Quick-Release '' system , which is just poorly designed compared to Mayfair.The Kohler seat 's `` quiet close '' hinges are not actually 1-piece/integrated into the seat like the Mayfair . I actually had to repair/reinstall the seats hinge mechanism twice within two month 's of use . When the seat 's hinges failed the third time ... it got replaced permanently with another Mayfair , and the Kohler went straight into the trash.Maybe I got a `` lemon '' , but the Mayfair seems to be hands down a better seat in every way . It is more comfortable , sturdy and the quick release systems is easier/simpler to use.I never thought I would spend the time to write a review on a toilet seat , but it was so bad , I felt inspired . I would have thought about a return , but it is a used toilet seat ... enough said .
 I had Kohler product delivered Friday , however parts were missing . I had plumber waiting to fit so lost money.Promised missing parts for following Wednesday as tracked courier parcel . Told that delivery attempted and failed , but I was there all day and had two other Royal Mail parcels delivered . Plumber waiting again and had to be paid.Asked for tracking number . Delayed and delayed . Told can not find tracking number . Questioned whether tracked and then given a FAKE tracking number for Royal Mail . Finally confessed not tracked . Location of parcel unknown . Told will be located and delivered for following Saturday . Asked how can you promise if you do n't know where parcel is!Asked for fresh parcel with missing parts to be sent by tracked same day courier . Response - we only use Knights of Old as our courier and they are free to use what ever freightforwarder they wish.Amazing for a huge multinational company - do n't buy Kohler or you will regret it !!!
 we ordered 2 for our house , what a surprise was when we opened them , on bothof them the plastic cover of the holder was brokenvery dissapointed
 Do n't waste your money on Kohler ! I bought a new `` HIGHLINE COMPLETE '' . 2 days after installing it , it backed up after my 10 year old daughter used it ! It was rated the 5 STAR flush , their most powerful ! What a joke ! It could n't even handle a 10 year old girl 's poops ! DO NOT WASTE you $ $ on this product ! And of course , LOWES policy is you can not return a toilet once its been used ! HOW ELSE are you gon na find out it does n't do what they promised !??! So buy the cheaper model . I 'll never buy another Kohler product ever !
 I bought one of these at the suggestion of the salesman when I purchased my toilet ; it was part of a total bathroom renovation . The lid comes off of the seat assembly constantly ; to fix it , I have to take the entire seat & lid off the toilet , turn it upside down and push the things that make it close slowly back into the holes and put the thing back on the toilet . I have done this three to four times per week since our bathroom was completed about 15 months age . I HATE THIS THING . When I finally went to Lowes this week to replace it , it was the only Kohler seat they had for my model toilet .
 i installed this seat three times trying to get it to stay on the bowl . it would snap off every time i lifted both parts of the seat . the bottom section of the seat would come apart . and it stayed wiggley and would not tighten snuggley . terrible product at a terrible price . i spent $ 20 more on this seat trusting the name . i am so disapointed .
 I bought this toilet seat based primarily on the `` Kohler '' brand name . Well , I was surprised when it arrived and found it to be made of cheap plastic . I 'm a grown man , but not overweight and the lid will not support my 185 lbs without buckling and moving from side to side . I returned it and bought a `` Bemis '' from Home Depot for the same price . I have also seen a quality product from `` Church '' which is carried by Lowe 's . I would strongly recommend either of these over this Kholer product . That said , quiet closing lids are the only way to go and if they had these back in the day I 'd probably still be married !
 The quick release clips on these seats are too vulnerable to fracture so be very careful when cleaning them . Also the hinge covers are manufactured by weakening the plastic to create the hinge action . This means they also are very delicate .
 Looks nice but installation was a pain . Plus the hinge for the seat and cover was partly disassembled and I had to uninstall the whole thing and figure it out . It was n't hard but why should I have to do it at all ? And not a word about it in the pathetic excuse for installation instructions . One of the `` nuts '' would n't tighten b/c it was stripped , I may have to try to get another one . I do n't like the flimsy `` quick release '' hinges and I 'm not eager to try the feature . The hinge covers do n't quite reach the seat so it looks crappy . As noted elsewhere , the seat is funnel shaped , not flat , so not comfortable . Does n't Kohler sit on their own toilet seats before releasing them to production ? I wo n't return it -LRB- unless it breaks -RRB- but I would n't buy this model again .
 The combination of the Quick-Release system and the slow-close mechanism simply does not work . The slow-close mechanism puts a lot of stress on the mounting brackets , which wiggle around due to the utterly POINTLESS quick-release system . Solved the issue by permanently attaching the ridiculous quick-release parts to the mounting brackets with epoxy resin , but a well-designed product should not need such measures !
 I just purchased this toilet seat and spent more that I usually do for one . Unfortunately , it is very uncomfortable . The front seems to be higher than normal and there is a ridge that presses into the back of my thigh . After several minutes , both of my legs went numb ! I would NEVER recommend this seat .
 waste of monny - the seat curves in such a way that everyone who sat on it complained . Waste of money
 The quiet close feature does not make up for the following
 I bought this heater for spot heating in my attached garage . I wanted a plug in heater that was easy to assemble . The product was advertised as a corded heater including a picture of a cord . When I opened the package there was wiring , but no cord . Also the directions stated not for residential use . The inaccurate product description just was a waste of time for all concerned . I will say the third party distributor was very helpful when I returned the heater and gave me a prompt refund .
 While the item shown and the description says it is a Holmes filter , what was shipped was a clone filter . It can work only if you pull the mounting clip of an old filter . While I suspect the filter will work , the vendor was certainly misleading in their description .
 I ordered 2 sets of these & each set came in a ziplock bag , had a purple dye streak across each filter & were too long & had to be trimmed down to fit my humidifier . I have no idea if they are Holmes brand -LRB- which is what I though I was ordering -RRB- or if these are some mass quantity of off-brand filters broken up & sold as sets in ziplock bags . Very disappointed & wo n't order these again .
 Got this thing and was disappointed . Just seems like a cheaply made little knife . The 30 + dollar original price is hard to believe .
 The 5/64th bit sheared at the base after about 10 holes . The 3/32nd bit worked fine for about 50 . I do n't think I 'd buy them again .
 the bits fall out of the quick disconnects or just spin around , but the bits are very good and sharp .
 In over 50 years I have shattered many drill bits or just outright broken them . This is the first drill bit -LRB- the 1/8 '' -RRB- I have ever bent ! I guess you get what you pay for .
 I used the bits for the first time this weekend and found 25 % of the bits were out of true.I thought I 'd save a few dollars in buying these over the trusted Mikita product and have paid the price.Next time , buy it once not twice .
 It came minus one of the rubber feet that makes it non-skid . It is very heavy and hard to move around . I have banished it to the garage after a few uses , and replaced it with a Cosco aluminum ladder of the same size and type . There are better ladders than this , and I am sorry I bought it .
 I have a Skinny Mini since about 1995 but much lighter which I can pick up very easily and fold easier . The new one now is about 2o # and almost takes a man to pick up . What happened to the light weight step stoop ? Its identical without the paint tray and in a nice green instead of this awful color . I did n't need a commercial grade for our church to use for higher cabinets for seasonal stored light weight objects . They could offer two types .
 The first time I tried using this stapler I attempted to replace the air hose adapter with an articulating one . It was very hard to remove as they had cross-threaded it when they installed the original . The aluminum in the stapler housing was buggered up but I was able to seal it with thread tape.Then I tried to use it to staple chicken wire to compost bins I was building . The stapler would : - Refuse to fire at times . - The air piston would stick in a mid position after firing , causing it to just blow air out of the exhaust port . I would have to disconnect the hose to get the piston it to reset and sometimes I had to bang the stapler to release the piston . I must have done this a hundred times while doing this project . - The unit fired multiple times when I pulled the trigger , 2-3-4 staples per pull . I consider this unsafe . - When using the stapler , the staple loading handle would release all of a sudden and all of the staple strips would fall straight down on the ground . The strips would then break apart into individual staples making the strip unusable . This happened continually and I went through 4 times as many staples as I should have . Look at the photos on the auction page to see how the staples will just fall out of the bottom when it opens . - When trying to staple the chicken fire it was very hard to center the stapler over the wire . The pointed tip that you place against the work should have a small slot to center it over wire . - I used 4 times as many staples as I should have ; due to multiple firings and the loading handle opening and dropping the staples straight out of the bottom . I used 3 boxes of staples on a job that should have taken 1 box . - In closing , this stapler is junk ! I would not recommend it to anyone . Do n't waste your money .
 Amazing to me , Amazon shipped the wrong staples with the gun and after getting the right staples , the gun would not operate . I knew it was a bargain , but oiled or not , not one staple . Returned . I got a lemon . The lucky ones got one that works .
 WOW ! This is a first for me on Amazon . I do n't think I have ever gotten used goods before when buying new -LRB- at least that I was aware of -RRB- . How horrible to rip someone off with a used item , and it does n't even work !
 It seemed really nice at first - thought it was a great buy . After several hours , it just stopped . No jam ... just would n't respond . Returned it and got the Porter-Cable US58 . It costs 3 times as much but it works great !
 The first stapler I received did n't work . Period . The customer service told me words to the effect that it was made on an assembly line , and that mass produced items sometime do n't work . I got a replacement . I 've used it a couple of times . Worked great , until it did n't . Now it 's just as good as the first one . It 's too late to send it back to Amazon , anyone want to buy a broken stapler - hardly used !
 I ordered this Surebond 9600 Pneumatic Narrow Crown Stapler from Amazon.Surebonder 9600 Pneumatic Narrow Crown Stapler with Carrying CaseWhen I hooked it up to the air line , nothing worked . There are no working controls on this except for the air exhaust , so I contacted Amazon , and they immediately sent a replacement while I returned this one . When I went to use the replacement , it did n't work either . I sent it back for a fullrefund . Amazon.com is great and has great service . This stapler is not a product that I want . I would have given it 0 stars , but that is not an option . 1 star is `` I hate it '' . I eventually purchaded a similar item grom Harbor Freight and am verry happy with it .
 received this stapler as a gift - used to put up 7 sheets of insulation - driving mechanism failed ; found instructions online for adjustments/repair - made recommended changes - failed after an additional 2 sheets -LRB- approx 24 staples .
 I bought this product and did not try to use it immediately ; BIG MISTAKE ! Bigtime air leaks that do n't resolve and therefore a stapler that will not shoot and too late to return it to amazon . Beware !
 I guess you get what you pay for ... plastic part broke first time I used it and it misfires allot now after only one box of staples .
 You know where it says `` frequently bought with '' ? And then there 's some staples listed ? DO NOT ORDER THOSE !! They wo n't fit . Look closely and get the # 4 staples , not the 22 gauge . RRRRR !!! It 's not worth the $ 5 postage to mail $ 8 staples back ... I feel dumb & snookered .
 I bought this stapler after reading the reviews and comparing it 's price with other staplers on the market . It seemed like a great value . Unfortunately , this stapler worked for about 15 minutes before it failed . While this may be the exception to the rule for this product I am forced to give it one star . Fortunately , Amazon 's great return policy ensures that buyers remorse is kept to a minimum .
 This thing was DOA . The trigger was not assembled right . It would not depress . It 's so cheaply put together that I just took the trigger apart and reinstalled it correctly.After that , every time I pressed the trigger , all I got was air leaking from the valve under the trigger . Never got to fire a single staple!It had signs that it had been used and was probably a return in the first place.So frustrating to pay for a `` deal '' , wait for it , then it does n't work . Just went to Home Depot and picked one up that was only $ 7.00 more ... and it worked ! Imagine that!A product , no matter how inexpensive , should not have such a bad failure rate , and be DOA . At least work for a while !
 Worked wonderfully with Arrow 9/16 '' staples for about the first 100 shots . The stapler then jammed up permanently -- I was careful to oil the tool , and was firing into soft wood , so it appears to be a manufacturing defect . I have returned it to Amazon , and hopefully the replacement will work better .
 I had to send the first one back as it did not work at all out of the box . I called the company and they were slow on the response or with providing a RMA . I returned it through Amazon and they did a great job of getting me a replacement and returning the defective one .
 I read the reviews , both positive and negative and decided to take a chance on this item . It arrived quickly as advertised by Amazon . However , I did not have such a good experience with the stapler . I aired up my compressor , set the pressure at 65 , hooked up the stapler after filling with T-50 staples and a few drops of oil . I pressed the stapler firmly against some carpet I wanted to staple to a 2x4 and pressed the trigger . Instead of getting a staple through the carpet , I had the staple carriage shoot out the back of the stapler along with the spring and another part . I have numerous air powered tools so this experience was not user related.I knew this was going to be cheap stapler when I ordered it but it was worse than I could have imagined . I am returning and will spend more $ to get a well made , name brand stapler . I realize that many of those who reviewed are getting acceptable service from the Surebonder 9600 but it appears that it is cheaply made to start with and quality control during manufacturing and assembly is sloppy at best.If you buy one of these , you may get one that works or you may get a dud ... . This one is a roll of the dice ...
 The stapler worked well for a few days . We used it to re-upholster our chairs . However , the hammer -LRB- the part that strikes the staple -RRB- started to jam in the open position and would not retract . We 'd force the hammer to retract using a slotted tip screwdriver -LRB- it did n't require much force at all , we just prodded it back to position -RRB- . This happened even though we added oil to the tool as the manual had stated .
 Damn thing would n't work . Called tech support several times . She said I needed to have put oil in it before I started to use it . That is buried in the manual and not included in `` preparing for use '' . I put oil in it after I had tried unsuccessfully several times , but I guess that was too late . I 'm in the middle of a project for somebody and mad .
 I do not write lots of reviews on the items I purchase on line because lots of the buyer have included most of my observation in there reviews , however I did have a bad experience recently with a brand new Surebonder 9600 pneumatic staple gun I purchased from ANTONLINE , -LRB- you get what you pay for , however the first one I purchased from amazon directly still working with no problems -RRB- . This stapler is cheap in price and cheaply made , what I mean if the gun you buy work out of the box lucky you , it will do the job it is suppose to do -LRB- staple up to 9/16 stapler T-50 -RRB- , however if the stapler come defected leak air for example because one of the o-ring , To all the buyer out there you should know that ANTONLINE have the worst return policy , they will not exchange or return a defected items , when you request an RMA for this stapler , you will get the email address of the manufacturer customer service to deal directly with Surebonder -LRB- what a mediocre service since I am paying for the shipping fees -RRB- Surebonder FPC Corporation based in Wauconda , IL . do not have a service center for this stapler . Because the cost of this stapler is cheap . Surebonder will offer to send you a repair kit for you to fix yourself . Guys if you need to order this stapler , order it directly from amazon . com if you have a problem with it at least Amazon will give you the royal treatment in return policy , do not order it from one of the sponsored seller like ANTONLINE even if you have to wait a week or so until amazon have it in stock there warehouse . This gun is rated for 60-100 PSI it will do the job at 70 PSI if it does not leak .
 The stapler I got skips a lot ... i was not even able put one box of staples through it ... Not a good product ... Do n't buy ...
 I was hoping it will last but after stapling 3 seats -LRB- < 200 staples -RRB- , it jammed . I could see the staple but was unable to extract it . Luckily I purchased it here as I am returning it tomorrow . Maybe I am expecting more from $ 25 but I expected to go beyond 200 staples .
 I bought this stapler to install insulation in my new garage . Completion got delayed and I did n't get to use it until two months after I bought it . It worked for two rolls of insulation and quit . Not jammed , I tried new staples , no thing worked . Pull trigger and get a puff of air and no staples . Total Junk !
 I bought the surebonder to build canvas stretchers with , using 1x3 's , so nothing too major . It worked like a charm the first day , but the second time , it just stopped working . I called the surebonder hotline and talked to a representative who was nice and helpful but , after deciding that it could n't be easily fixed by shipping me a new part , she told me I would have to return it to where I bought it . I might have given it another shot , but Amazon 's policy is not to replace items that come from another vendor . They did promptly refund me though .
 I purchased this stapler and shot around 2000 staples and then the driver broke . It was cheaper to buy another stapler than to buy the repair parts which I did . Again after stapling up insulation for a remodel project the driver in this gun broke also . I have emailed Surebonder with no response.Probably a great tool for small projects but I would n't plan on it lasting very long.I guess you get what you pay for . I will not be purchasing another .
 I ordered this as new and when I received this item it was clearly used and did not work properly Simular ones may work fine but not this one .
 It looks nice in the photo , but do n't kid yourself , it does not have the same build quality as a Porter Cable or any other big brand product . The case is very cheap plastic and hardly worth having . I gave it two stars only because it does drive a staple . Overall , it 's okay for an occasional project but I would not recommend this if you plan to use it as a professional .
 I am disappointed with this staple gun as the trigger mechanism slips out of place after about every five or six staples . I have to use a screwdriver to force the trigger back into position in order for it to work again . I would have returned the unit but I needed it to complete an upholstery project for which I had a timeline . I would definitely not recommend buying this product.I had read other reviews which were positive , so perhaps I just received a lemon ??
 I was hesitant to purchase an off-brand product but because of the price and the fact that it had so many great reviews I ordered it . Worked fine for about 5 minutes and then it jammed . Went to remove the staples and the whole thing fell apart . After putting it back together it would no longer work properly . Will be returning this item and looking for a better quality stapler .
 COMPRE ESTA GRAPADORA POR LOS COMENTARIOS QUE LE&Iacute; , YO ESTOY EN VENEZUELA Y DESGRACIADAMENTE NO CONTAMOS CON COMPA&N tilde ; IAS DE ENVIOS TAN EFICIENTE COMO EN ESTADOS UNIDOS , DESPU&Eacute;S QUE REALIZO LA COMPRA ME LLEGA EL PRODUCTO CASI 4 MESES DESPUES ! ESE NO SERIA EL PROBLEMA , ES LAMENTABLE QUE CON TANTA ILUSION&Oacute; ESPER&Aacute;NDOLO RESULTA QUE LA GRAPADORA ESTABA USADA ESE FUE EL PRIMER ENGA&N tilde ;O , PUES CUANDO COMPRO EL ARTICULO LO CALIFICAN COMO NUEVO Y LA SEGUNDA DECEPCI&Oacute;N FUE CUANDO LA INSTALO Y NO FUNCIONA ... !! PREGUNTO QUIEN ME RESPONDE POR ESO ? QUIEN ME DA LA CARA ?
 Arrived on time price was to good to be true because it is junk pluged in shot 1 staple stuck unpluged air shot another staple wont work anymore JUNK
 The superbonder 9600 is just what you pay for a cheeeep staplgun . I bougt it to reuppolster dining chairs . Do n't pull the trigger untyill it is under full ai presure or the trigger jams , the periodicly throut use it jams -LRB- trigger stick and will not fire till you unhook from air and push the saer back up.PAIN IN THE NECK -RRB- DISAPOINTING TOOL!Is still faster than a spring gun.Surebonder 9600 Pneumatic Fine Wire Staple Gun with Carrying Caseextra stapels did not fit gun !
 Delivery was 5 days longer than normal . I own and use 9 other air nailers or staplers -LRB- I 'm a building contractor -RRB- , bought this to reupholster my boat seats . Starting out this would not fire , called the support line who instructed me to push the plunger back into the head . Then it would fire for a few shots and quit . Push the plunger , fire for while and quit . I was oiling it as per instructions air pressure was 85 psi . The local Menards store had them on sale for $ 15.00 bought one to see if I had a dud and I did . The Menards one fires every time and works great . Found out these things a for sale everywhere for about the same money as Amazon without the hassle of shipping return . The Menards one is the same model , it shoots 5/16 '' staples flush every time into plywood and works great .
 Did a pretty good job ... . as long as it lasted ... . which was 7.5 months of very intermittent -LRB- 8 to 10 times -RRB- use . Last week , was using it , went to refill another line of staples , and it was dead . Did a disassembly to see if anything was wrong - all of the O rings , the gasket and plunger are all in one piece . I then called the manufacturer . First of all , was told it had only a 90 day warranty . Wrong , it 's a year . The woman in their customer service said she would email instructions on returning it for repairs - 6 days later , no email , no phone call , no snail mail . Yes , she asked for and has all of the addresses . Looks like it 's going to take a one way trip to the scrap barrel at the dump unless a miracle happens .
 I bought this product to staple a quarter inch oak back board to a couple projects I 'm building . The stapler shoots staples out fine , but they wo n't penetrate quarter inch oak ply wood . This stapler would probably work well for apolstry.Also when I received the stapler with the machine oil , the machine oil was packaged open and half of it had squeezed out all over the place in transit . I did n't have to worry about oiling the stapler that was soaked on arrival . What a mess !
 I am a senior . I have been using tools all my life . This thing will frustrate you . You drive a few staples and the staple compartment pops open . Dumping the staples out the bottom . Which you have to stop and pick up . Usually while you are trying to hold something in place . I think it is the vibration of stapling that releases the latch.This tools latch is poorly designed . I should have had deeper penetration -LRB- always works better . -RRB- and required that you push the staple bar in before it will unlatch . I also tried to restrain the latch with a rubber band . It still came undone only just a little so the staples would not drive but an eighth of an inch . It got the job done but it took every bad word I had.Also be sure you get the staples that fit the stapler you buy . Go to the manufactures web site to check .
 Tested the unit when I got it before I took it to the jobsite , worked fine . Took it to the jobsite the next day , got out my materials , plugged the stapler into the compressor , hit the button for the first staple ... and nothing . Nada . Called the manufacturer and went through the troubleshoot process . Was told to return it or send it in for warranty replacement at my shipping costs . It seems that if you get a good one and only need it for light duty , it may work well for you . But I would pass ...
 i got this quite awhile ago , but it didnt come with the connector so i had to find time get the adapter . by the time i got around to it , i found out the clip that pushes up the staples is defective.kind of a bummer .
 I bought this product new , but it came to me used . It was all bangedup with chips of paint worn off . I sent it back
 So far I am happy with my 9600 . It works great on many surfaces . But do not buy the staples with it . The ones Amazon advertised to go with the 9600 are surebonder 300-38-5m 3/8-inch 22 gauge upholstry staples . They DO NOT FIT . Amazon change your ad !!!! F.Y.I. go to a home improvement store and by the Arrow T-50 staples . They FIT and work great and are available in multiple lengths as well as light duty to heavy duty , Arrow also makes a rustproof staple !
 See title it says it all . Maybe we will try another one someday . Maybe another one might work better . Who knows ...
 I received this as a gift.It will not take narrow crown staples , not 1/4 inch , not 3/8 inch . It looks like it probably takes 1/2 inch wide staples.There is no possible way it could take anything else because of how the closing mechanism works.Unless mine is a defect or something .
 Surebonder 9600 Pneumatic Fine Wire Staple Gun with Carrying CaseARRIVED EARLY WOOHOO ! TOO BAD IT WAS USED AND BROKEN !!! NOW ANOTHER 2 WEKS BEFORE I GET A NEW ONE . THINK TWICE ON ONLINE PURCHASES !
 I BOUGHT 2 OF THESE STAPLERS . THE ONE BROKE THE FIRST DAY AND THE SECOND ON THE NEXT DAY . THE MANUFACTURER SAID WE DID NOT OIL THEM ENOUGH . I HAVE BEEN IN BUSINESS FOR 20 YEARS AND HAVE USED ALL KINDS OF STAPLERS . I NO HOW TO OIL THE GUNS !!! I FEEL THE PRODUCT IS MEDIOCRE AT BEST . I FEEL I HAVE BEEN TAKEN FOR MY MONEY . I GIVE THIS ITEM A ONE STAR ONLY BECUASE AMAZON MADE ME . IN MY EYES ITS A - FOUR STAR
 i bought this - had no idea it needed an air pressure hose & tank ! i dont have those and those items were not listed in the description . a bit of false advertising .
 The brush holders for this tool are made of PLASTIC and every time this tool gets a little warm they MELT !
 Thought I 'd save a few bucks and order this instead of the Kreg Jig K4 . Was very excited to try making some test pocket holes upon receipt of the package but was fairly disappointed . This is about half the width of a 2x4 , meaning the holes will be very close to each other relative to the width of the 2x4 . Not only do the holes look a bit funny , the joints do not seem to be as sturdy as it would be if it was a little further apart . The Kreg screws that I ordered together being philips head and not square head -LRB- as described -RRB- did not make this experience any better as the head stripped very easily since I had to use my own drill bits , as opposed to the long square drill bit that was supplied with the pocket hole jig kit.I suppose this may work fine for wood that is less dense and smaller/thinner , but for fastening two 2x4s , I would n't recommend it.In addition , the jig seem to move around a bit even when I clamped it hard . But I can not downgrade my rating based on this factor because I used Irwin quickgrip and not the Kreg clamp . I just wanted to make a note of this in case someone is thinking of using this jig with the Irwin quick grip.I will return this and get the K4 kit and see if that works better . And hopefully , they 'll send the square head screws this time!EDIT *** 11/26I returned this product and purchased the Kreg Jig K4 kit . -LRB- After using the K4 kit for about a month now -RRB- It was night and day and I can not say enough good things about the K4 kit . The holes that were drilled were nicely spaced , seemed to be perfect for 2x4 . Also , the K4 kit allows you stand the 2x4 vertically while drilling the hole , meaning you can use your weight to drill the holes -LRB- faster drilling and less strain on the arms -RRB- , which was more difficult to achieve with the R3 Jr. kit . In addition , the K4 kit having its own clamping mechanism was well worth the extra $ that was spent . And as a last bit of advice , get the Kreg pocket hole screws . I used both wood screws from local hardware store and the Kreg pocket hole screws and there was a huge difference . Kreg screws have a self tapering screw head which tightens the two pieces of wood by sort of pulling on the piece that is being screwed onto .
 I 'm building a large built-in bookcase and , while hardly an expert , have successfully tackled designing the piece , purchasing and cutting the material , and using my router to create dados to accept the fixed shelves and bead board backing . You 'd think a couple of pocket holes to secure the base and perhaps create the face frames would be easy , right ? Wrong ! This jig is awful . I 'm shocked at all the positive reviews . In the first place , it took me and 2 of my neighbors -LRB- one an expert cabinet maker -RRB- 25 minutes to get the stupid , snap-on `` clamp adapter '' off . We actually had to ruin the plastic adapter because it just would n't snap off . Then , no matter what clamp I/we used and regardless of the drill RPM , the jig danced all over the plywood . We were wondering if the smoothness of the plywood was the reason but ended up using the clamp and our hands -LRB- the option for using a screw would work but we did n't want to do that on this project -RRB- . We were able to create 3 pocket holes but the amount of blue plastic that showed up in the sawdust was alarming and suggests the tool wo n't . Although it irritates me to spend more money on a Kreg product after wasting my time with the `` Junior '' jig , I 'm going to buy the regular one to see if it works better . The way the wood sits in the regular jig seems like it would work . Using 3/4 '' `` blonde wood '' plywood , btw ... maybe the wood does make a difference . Just wanted to let folks know . I honestly have no idea why most people rave over this product . My neighbors and I decided it was definitely a poorly-made ripoff .
 I Rated this product the lowest only because I know how much better the previous model was / is . There was little room for improvement , now there is quite a bit.First the kit used to include the matching vise clamp , making it a complete product . Now I have to spend more money . Thumbs down for more money.Second the Kreg jig I used to have could adjust sizes , but not nearly as easily because you had to carry many loose parts -LRB- I set mine to 3/4in . and tossed the rest . In thicker materials it did n't matter and I could use it in 1/2in . Mat . even while set to 3/4in . -RRB- . Thumbs up for adjustability . However I ca n't help but wonder how long these flimsy adjustment tabs will last . Especially since I have to adjust it from 3/4in . to 1/2in . to put it away , and back to 3/4in . -LRB- standard material size -RRB- to use it . Thumbs down for flimsy tabs.Third is a combination of one and two . This product comes with a box now . Thumbs up ? I did n't need a box to protect against flimsy before . Now it comes with a box and some sample screws and plugs . I would rather they included the rest of the necessary components , instead of charging me for a box and trial size products as a marketing tool . I bought this as a woodworking tool , not a marketing tool.To sum it up in my harsh opinion , this is still an invaluable tool as a woodworker . And this jig , even though it has lowered in quality and value from its predecessor , is still better than all of the other no adjustment , hand screw tighten / loosen junk , offered by other companies that I was able to find .
 I ordered these gloves and was never asked a size . I did n't realize they would sell only mediums . I e-mailed ace immediatly right after the order using the email on amazons web page . They did n't return it . I emailed them again the next day and got nothing after that I got an email confirmation that they shipped me medium gloves and a phone number . I talked to someone who just wanted to blame me . He said I never sent any emails and said its my fault for not being able to read model numbers . I wounld n't order from them again . There are to many other options .
 I have this filter . When the water is used in a humidifier it leaves red slimy deposits . When the water is left in a Poland Spring bottle for a week it smells like dirt . So how can it be filtering the water well ?
 I think the people raving about this being such a great circle cutter must work in the PR dept. for OLFA , because cutting nice , clean circles is hit or miss with this . I bought this because cutting circles with scissors never results in clean edges . Cutting paper or fabric with this does not result in clean edges .
 I bought this cutter to create perfect circles in 80lb cover weight paper . After spending over an hour with it and going through at least 10 sheets of paper , I can only say that it does indeed cut circles , but they are far from perfect . I am using a self healing cutting mat and the paper is taped down as well , but I can never get a clean edge . Never . I then tried a glass mat and the edges were better but never perfect . I would not recommend this for paper where you are looking for precise circles . It might be better for fabric like a few videos around show it doing , although I have n't tried it . I am going to try another brand .
 It does n't work ! It is very difficult to use it . And does not leave a clean cut . I love Olfa cutters . But this one is rubbish .
 3 seats in 3 years due to broken hinge covers . . Not worth the price . The conventional mounting bolts do n't hold the seat firmly in place and keep loosening so the seat lists .
 I purchased theKOHLER K-3467-0 San Raphael One-Piece Round-Front Toilet , Whitefor it 's style , round bowl ability to fit into a tight space in a NYC apartment bathroom and the reliability associated with Kohler company . Within months of purchase the seat became loose and the pin bent . I wanted to replace the seat at that time with a durable wood and metal c constuction . To my chagrin the bolting system was not a traditional nut and bolt . My super/contractor bent the pin back in shape and jerry-rigged a usable seat . The Home Depot salesman called Kohler and was given information that ANY standard 5.5 round seat could be affixed to replace the seat . IT JUST IS NOT SO ! . It is still with-in a year of using this piece that I am now FORCED to replace it . Reading other reviews indicates I am not alone in my frustration . Kohler or another seat maker needs to bring a sturdier interchangeable seat model and offer this to present and future owners of busted seats within one year of purchase . Buy another model toilet with through and through bolting . Any other suggestions ? Model numbers other than the K-4663 ?
 Why , why , why ... toilet seats are as old as civilized mankind . Why thus inventing a bold/nut system that just not hold the seat in place . What is up with this black plastic nut which you need to press with all might for the bolt to grep on . It 's takes little to dislodge the nut and thus the whole seat to come lose.Wonder if anybody actually quality tested and consumer tested this `` new '' solution ...
 We purchased our very nicely maintained house this past spring and it came with two Kohler one piece toilets . The master bath toilet has this white seat installed . The plastic coating -LRB- a thin film that seems to have a slightly sparkly luster to it -RRB- is peeling off the seat in several places at the inner edge . The seat cover has discolored on the inside from its original white to a yellowish hue . I would not recommend this seat for its lack of durability .
 I thought this tool was very uncomfortable to use . The switch is hard to hold on unless it is locked and the barrell design limits its use . Also it is quite heavy .
 When new , this chain saw is hard to start . Yes , you follow the instructions precisely and it works . But it is still hard to start , compared to the half dozen other saws I have owned . Worse , if you let the saw sit for a few months -LRB- which is common for me -RRB- , then it is so gummed up that it must be dismantled and lubricated before you can start it again . Contrast this to another similar saw I have , which sat for more than a year and started immediately.That said , the saw works well and has plenty of power . Hard to adjust correctly though , it does not idle very well -LRB- even when new -RRB- . I had to adjust the idle speed high enough that the chain was spinning , to keep it from dying . That problem went away after 6-8 hours of use.It is an acceptable saw , barely , but I would not purchase it again .
 this chain saw is junk . when I. rec . it started the next time Iwent to use it ca n't get it started.called POULAN ALL I GOT WAS A RUN AROUND.AVOID this saw
 I did n't buy mine from Amazon -LRB- got it from Menards -RRB- but I looked around and did n't see any reviews of these chainsaws and had to post my disgust somewhere.DON ' T BUY THIS DISPOSABLE PIECE OF CRAP.I used the oil that came in the box . Mixed it with a gallon of gas . After using it for ~ 2 hours , it froze up . Not covered by warranty . I 'm just out the money.Why put oil in the fracking box if it 's not enough to keep it from seizing up?The repair place I called said this happens allll the time with these Poulan saws . They have a typical life of 20 HOURS !!!!!!!!!!! Unreal.Spend the extra $ 30 and get a Stihl .
 Well , add me the list of people that ca n't get this saw to start . Brand new out of the box and , having read other failure to start reviews , I followed the instructions very carefully , but nothing . I really recommend against buying these Poulan saws because there just seems to be too high an incidence of refusing to start even amongst those of us that have owned chain saws before and are familiar with their idiosyncracies . Either manufacturing is sloppy or quality control is lax but , in either case , it 's just not worth the hassle .
 Purchased in end of October , used EXACTLY according to Poulan directions using their INCLUDED oil . Less than 5 hours of use later it seized . Took to local `` authorized '' repair man who first said it failed due to ethanol content in gasoline sold in our state . Weeks later , we asked him to contact Poulan for warranty honor and repair and we were called back by `` repair '' man and told that Poulan had decided not to honor the warranty due to `` oil failure ????? '' WE have no idea what that means - we will file a BBB complaint . WE were referred back to the number for general information by this repair person . We have purchased a Craftsman since then and have had NO issues . DO NOT waste your money on this product . WE have only ONE other time in 8 years of using Amazon had this bad of an issue and lack of customer service or credibility from both manufacturer or `` authorized '' repair person for product purchased on Amazon . Will also seek reparations via Amazon guarantee as well as credit card protection . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!! We want to add that Amazon has been wonderful about helping us to resolve this issue . We will always feel good about buying with Amazon .
 Listen , there was never a point where the age old saying , `` you get what you pay for '' applies than with a chainsaw . Just do n't buy this chainsaw - save yourself the trouble . A chainsaw is a tool that receives a BEATING - there 's wood flying everywhere , gas exploding inside , operators yanking on the cord , and a chain moving faster than comprehensible ... Buy a good one . A cheap one will break . I bought this chainsaw , and the third time I used it took me nearly twenty minutes to start it . -LRB- I 'm not a novice at starting gas lawn equipment , i followed the directions -RRB- Cheap price + chainsaw = regret.Sorry , Poulan , I 'm not hating - just telling the truth.J
 I bought a Poulan 16 '' chainsaw 14 - 15 years ago and it was the best saw I ever owned this one was made in -LRB- mexico -RRB- . So I thought with that knowledge I would buy another Poulan the P3416 this has been a piece of junk from day one made in -LRB- china -RRB- . Please stay away I am going to buy and Echo next
 I had been looking so forward to getting this thing . After reading the reviews , I was a little concerned , but thought that reviewers were exaggerating a bit much . I see that a lot in reviews , but alas , this evidently was not the case . Add me to the list of folks who could not get it to start.One reviewer who had this problem pointed out that they never have start problems with pull cords . Great , but that makes no difference . Experienced or not , a power tool should start . End of story.Another thing that bothered me was that -LRB- at the time of this writing -RRB- nowhere does it say that you must purchase bar oil separately . I -LRB- wrongly -RRB- assumed that it would be included , just like the 2-cycle oil . We were ready to begin when we realized that there is no bar oil . I had to run to the store to get some . Maybe that 's normal for chain saws , but what about those of us who have never purchased one before ? That should have been clear from the get go.This is a non-returnable item too , so keep that in mind . That said , I very politely requested Amazon to refund my money and reminded them that I am a `` prolific '' customer of theirs and they were very nice and agreed , so all is not lost.In the end , I would not recommend this saw to anyone . Ever .
 Very hard to start . Chain will not stay on when cutting any sizable limb.I am completely dissatisfied and wish I had returned it instead of wasting my money . NEVER AGAIN
 First let me say i have experience with chainsaws.Second , this saw was about as bad as they come . Following the instructions , i got it cranked up and running very easily . Started pruning some trees , and about 5 cuts later it stalled out on me after a cut . It struggled to crank after its initial stall . Several times the pull cord would get stuck and i would have to disassemble to get it to function again . Eventually i noticed the chain would not move on the bar , even though it was relatively loose . The chain brake had been disengaged and still it would n't budge . The pull start was very rough and still could n't get the chain to budge even after removing the bar and chain . My guess is either the engine had seized or the chain brake was stuck on . Either way i was done with it . Hopefully i just got a lemon.Amazon 's customer service took care of me perfectly , but i will be replacing it with a higher quality saw .
 The Poulan P3416 16-inch 34cc 2-Cycle Gas-Powered Chain Saw was shipped on Mar 28 , 2011 and received about Apr 4 or 5 . After reading the instructions I used the enclosed can of oil and mixed with 1 gallon of premium -LRB- no ethanol -RRB- fuel . Filled chain oiler and was pleased to get it started exactly as advertised.I happily used the saw , refilling the chain oiler with each re-fueling . On Apr 20th it started to quit in mid use . By the end of the day I could no longer get it to start.The following Monday I took it to a Poulan service and today they called to report the cylinder scored . They also noted that warranty would be refused . Repair will cost more than original cost.I 'm very unhappy ! Did n't even use the original gallon of fuel ! A total waste of money!Update , May 4 , 2011 . Imagine my surprise to find a brand new chain saw sitting on my sidewalk ! Turns out that , even though I had no communication from Amazon -LRB- I had left them an e-mail with the above facts -RRB- they responded by replacing the saw ! I 'd sure give Amazon a 5 star rating for customer service.I 'll wait , if the saw performs as expected and without destroying itself , I 'll update this review . -LRB- Have n't even tried to start it yet ! -RRB-
 My MAC3200 gave up the ghost after 17 faithful years . This Poulan brought back all the nightmares from 1994 ... I had had a Poulan before tossing it for the MAC.Plain and simple ... Poulans do not start or , if you 're lucky to get it started after hours of pulling your arm out , it does n't stay running . I have no idea why a MAC can start on the second pull every time year-after-year , but these POS ca n't . And why McCulloch goes under and Poulan does n't . Who makes their small engines anyway?Call to Poulan -LSB- number in instructions -RSB- ... = > they said , `` ca n't use ethanol-blend gasoline '' . I told them `` that 's all you can get in VA , the 10 % ethanol blend '' . They say `` sorry , you 're screwed Charlie '' . Since I ca n't return -LSB- one reason for NEVER buying a non-returnable item from AMAZON , I decided to donate to Goodwill and buy the McCulloch at my local Home Depot . -RSB- Unless you can afford a Stihl , go with an electric .
 I bought a poulan gas powered 16 '' 34cc chain saw -LRB- P3416 -RRB- . It ran for about 30 minutes and then it quit and I could n't get it re started after that . and I ca n't return it either . So I am stuck with a piece of junk . I have heard from people in the know that Poulan is not a very good brand anymore . It used to be .
 Poulan P3416Worse chainsaw I ever had . I have multiple chainsaws as our winter heat is a wood burning stove . Have a total of maybe 1 hour run time on this chainsaw . Bought from Menards , followed all directions for gas mix using only non ethanol gas -LRB- same mix I use for ALL my chainsaws -RRB- . Started up and let warm up , all good . Went to make first cut and it stalled out . Restarted and again stalled out during cut . Took back to Menards -LRB- 25 miles one way from my home -RRB- was told too bad I have to take it to a repair shop and this was within the first 30 days . First they sent me to the wrong place and when finally finding out where the correct repair shop was I dropped it off there . Two weeks later I get it back -LRB- defective clutch -RRB- . When trying once again , warmed up ready to go stalls out during first cut . So 30 miles one way to the repair shop once again . This time was told it needed tune up after they had it for 1 weeks . So here we go again stalls out during cut . This next time told it was bad gas -LRB- common Poulan excuse from the looks of it -RRB- this is the same gas I run in all my other chainsaws with no trouble what so ever . Now after I got it back from the last 2 week visit with repair shop and using the `` good gas '' that they put in once again stalls out during the first cut . It takes multiple restarts and stalls to get through a 4 '' diameter branch . To sum this up , this is the biggest waste of money and a poor excuse of a chainsaw . So not only am I out the price of the chainsaw but over 350 miles of travel trying to get this resolved . I have had this saw for about 6 months now and it sits collecting dust in my garage . Thank you Menards and Poulan for showing me how much you truly want my business .
 Got my new saw out of the box , fueled and oiled it up . Followed the directions on starting ... so far so good . Engine started right up . I let the engine warm up for a few minutes ... went to make my first cut , pull the trigger and the engine died . Ok , no problem , start it back up again , which it did . Pulled the trigger and it dies again . This was my whole day with it . The saw runs great at idle , but the moment I try to make a cut , the engine dies . I eventually get it to cut with some work and pumping the trigger , but as soon as the cut is finished and I release the trigger it dies . I get very tired after an hour of repeatedly having to restart the thing ... . so by the end of my first day with it and less than 2 hours of use , the engine still runs , but the chain wo n't move . It 's as if the chain brake is stuck . Anyway , it 's going back in the box and back to the store . I should have listened to my dad and bought a Stihl .
 This is not a real chain saw . I bought it to replace an older HomeLite , which was a great saw.The rope ripped in half the first time I tried to get it started , after about 12 to 20 pulls.I followed the instructions exactly . It 's a waste of money .
 Ok , so I just bought this chainsaw to take care of a pretty massive limb that fell in my yard . I read the instructions , mixed the oil with the gas , and readied myself for the lengthy launch sequence . Everything seemed to be going well , the launch sequenced appeared to work and the saw started , for 10 seconds . Then it stopped and it will not re-start . I waited an hour , went through the launch sequence again and nothing . Failed to start . I 'll try again in another hour , if it 's not raining . But for now a big fat 1 star . I 'd give it 0 stars if I could .
 Saw refuses to start . Took it to a small engine repair shop . Still would n't start . Waste of money.Poulan P3416 16-Inch 34cc 2-Cycle Gas Powered Chain Saw
 Typical cheap quality Chinese made product . The center support had been welded incorrectly and the angle was not 90 degrees from the base . It was more like 70 degrees . Had to use shims when mounting the table to the center support to allow the table to sit flat . After using shims , the table serves it 's purpose . Other than the incorrectly welded angle of the center support , it was n't bad . Again , it 's made in China , so you get what you pay for .
 This case is NOT able to take the JSH180 Jig saw . I contacted Bosch and there is no case designed for that product . Personally , I think the tool bags are crap and do n't store or protect the tools very well . Undoubtedly I 'll end up making a case to store this and other tools that Bosch does n't have hard cases for . I like Bosch tools very much , but I am disappointed regarding the tool storage options .
 I can not beleive how much cheaper it is at a hardware store . My first experence with a welder and this rod . It had good perforance but maybe the 1/2 lb I bought was not close to a 1/2 lb more like 1/4 lb .
 There 's nothing wrong with the sander . The problem is this ad . It 's a bait-and-switch . You wo n't get the 15 discs , you 'll get none . If/When you inquire , you 'll eventually get five . If/When you inquire again , you 'll be transferred by Amazon to the shipper , who will tell you that Amazon made a mistake and all they agreed to is five discs . That may well be true , but if it is , why is this ad still running ? Very disappointing .
 I would not recommend this product at all , both of my full size dogs were covered in fleas . I was bathing my dogs every four days with flea shampoo and putting the carpet powder down threw out the house . It took me three weeks to finally get rid of the fleas . I had one trap in the living room and one in the bedroom , they were on 24/7 for three weeks during this flea infestation and I only caught 2 fleas with two traps down . All this trap consist of is a sticky pad and a regular light bulb -LRB- that 's it -RRB- you might as well buy a sticky mouse trap pad and put a lamp over it . This product is a joke !!
 Had a bad flea infestation . I bought 5 of these traps for the house to combine with other treatments . We then treated all the animals with Frontline ... and I set up all the traps following the instructions . After a couple days there was only one or two fleas in each trap . We were going crazy with fleas ... so proceeded to try the Borax/Salt method of sprinkling the carpet and vacumning . We also washed the dogs with vinegar water . Well after that things were better for a couple weeks ... then started getting worse again . So , we will be repeating the borax/salt method and using it more often in the future . Sadly , through all these 2-3 weeks of using these traps ... they still only have 3-5 fleas a piece on them . Definitely not worth it to me .
 I ca n't help but believe that all the positive reviews for this item are fakes written by BioCare . This is a piece of junk . Just get the flea drops - they 're the only thing that seems to work in my house .
 I Bought one of these and one Victor Flea Trap . While the Victor was trapping fleas in other rooms , I actually watched fleas jump on , then off of this trap . It worked much better when I removed the cover , but it is too easy to get its sticky paper stuck to other things . I bought 4 more Victor traps , put Advantage on the cat , and the flea problem is now history .
 I have had this in an area that has fleas as they jump on both my dog and me . This trap has been placed in this area for 4 days now and has not trapped a single flea.It seems to be able to trap about anything else except what it is supposed to do . In one word it is ... USELESS .
 Save your money for the exterminator . I did Frontline and Capstar to move the fleas off the cats snd the fleas would still do n't bother with these traps .
 I have had approximately 15 fleas in one trap and about 10 in the other . I have put the traps in various places under the couch , under everything and that was my total . I also bought two plus extra pads . I would like my money back ! I killed more fleas than the traps .
 This trap did not catch a single flea . I believe the company wrote all those postive reviews .
 Unless you have outlets in the grass , forget about using it outdoors . Maybe a small closed room ? Very small and , let 's face it , some duct tape sticky side up sitting under any lamp would do as well .
 WOW , this thing was the biggest waste of money . Did not work at all , light turned on , it seemed to attract more lint and carpet fibers than bugs ! AVOID
 Bought this and tried it in every single room . The only thing this thing caught was cat hair and dirt . Only good use I get out of it is that it makes a great nightlight .
 I bought two traps in an effort to gauge the severity of my flea problem . The traps were placed in dark rooms near the areas most frequented -LRB- sleeping area and napping area -RRB- by my dog . After several nights of operation I found a single flea in the trap near the dog 's bed . During that same period both my dog and I were bitten many , many times . Under no circumstances should this product be considered any form of treatment for a flea problem . Based on my experience if there are sufficient fleas to be caught in this trap the area is probably uninhabitable .
 I had a flea problem in my house and worked hard at getting it under control . Getting 2 flea traps was one of the measures I took . I have still found some fleas on the dog but there are more gnats than fleas in the trap . I would not purchase this again . It makes an expensive night light - that 's about the only thing it 's good for now .
 I 've been using 2 of these products for 5 days now . I 've yet to catch any fleas with it and my dog still is getting them . I turn off every source of light and put it in the middle of the room . I do n't know what is wrong with it ? I 've even put it on the couch and in the bed . We have black out shades in our bedroom so I run it all day . Nothing . I am not quite understanding why it has the grill over the sticky pad . Maybe I 'll take it off and see how it works .
 I placed the flea trap exactly how the instructions suggested . Nothing . So , I moved it to another high activity flea area . Nothing . The only thing that this trap caught was dust . This item is simply a piece of sticky paper with a light bulb . Fleas have no interest in it .
 I bought this based on some good reviews . Either my flea problem is not that bad , or I am not finding the right place to put this item . I have put it on the couch , under the couch , in my pets beds and in my bedroom and I have only caught 2 fleas . I put out a bowl of soapy water with a light over it and I have caught 100 % more than with this item . While it may work for some , it unfortunately it did not work for me .
 I have several of these flea traps and several of the Victor 's Flea traps . They do attract fleas and if the fleas jump on the pad they stick . I bought the Victor 's model first and was amazed at the number of fleas stuck to it in a short time . -LRB- I 've also found flies , weavils , June bugs and roaches stuck to it -RRB- . However , the Victor 's traps are not very attractive when you can see all the dead bugs stuck to it , so I bought some of the Springster 's flea traps . With the plastic grid/cover over the sticky pad , you do n't see all the dead bugs so it looks nicer -LRB- also bigger bugs would not fit though the grid so would not get stuck to it -- could be good or bad -RRB- . The problem I 've seen is that the fleas sometimes jump on the grid and do n't fall all the way down to the sticky pad . Quite a few times , I 've seen them land on the grid and jump right back off . I 've started turning the grid sideways and moving it down so it only covers the bottom portion of the sticky pad and uncovering the area directly under the light -LRB- I also use a binder clip to make sure the grid does n't come off in case a pet messes with it because I have come home to find a glue pad stuck to a curious cat -- they are not easy to remove -RRB- . If the open spaces in the grid were bigger , this would be a more effective product.I 'm getting a couple more of the Victor 's flea traps -LRB- I have them in every room , sometimes 2 in a room -RRB- . They are n't as nice looking , but I think they work much better . I 'm having a big flea infestation problem so I 'll take function over beauty.BTW
 This product was absolutely useless in eradicating fleas . The only use I can see for this product is maybe as a flea detector . It will possibly tell you if you have fleas.I had a flea infestation in my house that was pretty bad . I bought several of these products and put them in several places on the floor . They caught a few dozen fleas , but not all the fleas were attracted to them . I would put my socked foot on the carpet next to the flea trap and fleas would instantly sense it and jump out of the carpet and onto my sock . But they would n't do the same for the trap , which was right there.I think the concept that you can eradicate a flea population with this device is inherently flawed . Even if you were to trap 90 % of the fleas , the other 10 % would reestablish the population in a matter of days.I also tried the flea powder that you spread on the carpet that you can buy at a pet store . Useless as well . The fleas were immune to it . And it leaves this nasty powder on everything you own.My final solution was to call an exterminator and have them spray . This seemed to do the trick . In addition , my vet gave me pills that you feed your cat , and it deprives the flea of some nutrient that is required to make the protective shell on their eggs . And I also used Advantage . Finally the fleas all went away . After that I did Advantage on my cats monthly , so if they brought new fleas into the house , they would die . I think the Advantage is the best , because it turns your cat into a walking flea trap . If there are fleas in the house , they will find the cat , touch the poison and die .
 There are two flea traps of about the same price , so I bought them both and stacked them up against each other . The other is the Victor M230 Ultimate Flea Trap . This product is worthless . I placed the two traps next to each other in multiple rooms around my house , switching them from side to side to be sure it was n't location . I would check them daily . The Victor would have 4 or 5 fleas daily . This detained fleas for a while until they escaped . Never once did the Springstar have more than one , and usually nothing . I could watch them pop out . The Victor is far from perfect , but is way better than this . Absolute utter waste of money .
 I put this in an area where my cats slept . In two days , the pad had nothing on it . Very disappointing . I 'm just glad I did n't end up paying more .
 Springster is Definately not as good as the Victor m30 flea trap . . Got them both to see which would work better & Victor flea trap definately won my vote . Victor also comes with an extra sticky to trap those suckers when the first one fills up , Springster does n't ...
 I am sure there are fleas in my house because they jump on my legs when I enter those rooms . I followed instructions to put this trap in those rooms for several days and it caught nothing but one small fly . Complete failure . I wish I could return it .
 I bought this because I did n't want to use chemicals . We have little kids and lots of fleas . This thing was on 24/7 for weeks in multiple locations that have fleas . Not a single flea was caught . Total waste . This is a safe flea trap all right -- safe for the fleas !
 Either I got rid of any fleas before the trap arrived or the trap just did not work . I collected a lot of dust and the light became a great night light . I was very disappointed because I was having a serious flea problem . Oh well : -LRB-
 I bought this trap with another Ultimate Flea Trap at the same time . However , the Ultimate Flea Trap catch almost 20 fleas while this trap did n't catch anything .
 the trap does collect fleas over time but not enough of them to make any difference compared to a severity of infestation in your house . looks like only some of few fleas choose to jump into the trap , the majority of the rest hide and breed in other spots and stay on your pets.so there is no purpose of buying it if it does n't help with much result
 Device placed next to dog 's bed for one week ; did not catch any fleas whatsoever . Conclude this item is a hoax .
 I guess this only works if you have carpet . It attracted dust , I have no carpeting so it was not very useful . I did move it to a couch and got a total of 2 fleas . It was kind of a waist .
 The Springstar Flea Trap got some pretty decent reviews here on Amazon , so before I sprayed my place with chemicals , I figured I 'd give this non-toxic solution a try . Sadly , it was a waste of money . I ordered two and placed them in separate rooms . I guess with 3 pets in the house , the fleas could tell the difference between a real live animal and a lightbulb with some sticky tape . In a weeks time I caught 1 little gnat , 1 spider and a bunch of pet hairs and some tiny dust bunnies . While the traps sat empty of fleas , I was still combing a flea or two off of my cats every day . After seeing the desgin and components in person , if you really want to try this method , buy some double stick carpet tape and put it in a cardboard box lid then place a regular lamp over it . I would give this item zero stars if it was possible .
 The only reason this product caught a flea was because I picked one off my white sock and threw it on there . I did see a flea that had jumped on the trap , but it landed on top of the screen and jumped back off . I thought I 'd be smart and remove the screen , but all I caught was my kitten 's very fluffy tail as she must have sat down close to it and waved her tail over it . It took two of us to get it off her because THEN it decided to be sticky !! Pass on this .
 Springstar s102 flea trap , , , After a week I 'Ve yet to see any results . My cat has fleas up a storm .
 NOTHING ! I unfortunately bought 2 of these and have put them EVERYWHERE in the house and the only thing that happened is my cat knocked the grate off -LRB- and paper out -RRB- . I ca n't believe the top does n't click in . I had to put a rubber band around both so that they could n't be knocked apart . One time I found a flea-alive-near one but I am sure it had nothing to do with the lighted trap . Do n't waste your money . Vacumn alot , putting borax and salt on the carpet and letting it sit-close off the room until it is removed . I use a 6.5 HP Shopvac on the noncarpeted floors . I have been closely looking at the polar fleece blanket on the bed , etc. checking for fleas or the disgusting worm pupae and individually removing them -LRB- packing tape works with the worms -RRB- . I have a jar of soapy water always handy -LRB- or the toilet -RRB- to place the fleas in . When I do the laundry , I let it soak in the water before the wash cycle . I am using Revolution on my 3 cats - I am still seeing them but LESS and have even used a Voodoo Doll with a note attached with the black pin to kill the fleas !! It is the first time in about 25 years of having pets that I have had fleas in the house . I ca n't think of anything worse . They have to be THE HARDEST INSECT TO KILL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Good Luck with your war on fleas ; use your money for something other than these .
 Was so hopeful that this would work . Flea issue when we moved to a new house was horrendous , we have three dogs , none of which had ever had fleas before . They were in the carpet , because I was vacuuming them up constantly , we bombed the house , and still had problems -LRB- dogs were on Comfortis AND Tri-Shield -RRB- . Finally after shampooing the rugs , and having an exterminator come out , the fleas are gone.I ran the Flea Trap right next to the dogs beds , and never caught one flea ... in over a month ! Kept it running for another month , just to see if there were any stragglers . Never caught anything at all , not even a mosquito , which come into the house year round in the south.Very disappointed ... would send it back if I could !
 Used it for about 3 weeks . Tried all different spots . It caught 3 fleas . I feel like maybe the cat just walked over it and one fell off haha . Either way I do n't think 3 fleas is very effective or worth the money . Disappointing . But fast shipping !
 I have had this set up for over a week now and only caught one flea ? I know I still have them because when I comb my dog I 'll catch one or two . This thing sucks and really does nothing . Save your money .
 I am shocked to read any of the positive reviews on this product . The `` trap '' only had two fleas in the month that I used it ; and they must have committed suicide . A complete waste of money !
 With three cats and a dog plus two kids who ca n't seem to keep the pets outside , our house has been totally infested with fleas this summer . I had made a simple flea trap using a desk lamp pointing down at a low cake pan filled with soapy water which was catching dozens of fleas a day . When I saw these traps advertised I thought they looked like just the ticket and expected they would be a big improvement over my decidedly low tech job . So I ordered four right away.Now I 'm less then impressed and plan on returning these today.Yes , the light on the trap attracts fleas - you can see dozen of the little buggers milling around the each trap . But after using four of the Spring Star traps for two days , I have only caught a grand total of just one flea . That is one pretty expensive flea . And yes , I did remember to take the protective paper off the sticky paper and pointed the sticky side up . It just seems like the fleas ca n't find their way into to trap or if they do they simply are n't caught on the sticky paper . If these traps are a vast improvement over the `` old style '' traps , I hate to think how bad the old ones were . I think Neil Young must have bought a few of these which inspired him to write `` Piece of Crap . `` What I have ended up having to do is spray the area around the traps and kill the fleas that have congregated around the traps . This is good as it limits the area I need to spray . However , I could have done this just as easily and much cheaper using a two dollar night light . I 'd say save your money and just get the night light first .
 I purchased the product in May 2011 . It is now August 2011 and we might have one or two fleas in the trap , but have removed dozens upon dozens of fleas directly from our dog in that time . We located the trap near his crate , on the carpet where he rests , near the couch , but only a couple fleas in the two months we 've had it during peak season . Regular flea baths as well as looking on the dog througout the week revealed plenty of fleas . We 've sprayed the carpet and furniture as well . The dog is a much better trap .
 I ordered this because I thought it was larger than the Victor Flea Trap I normally use , and because it sounded like it would catch more fleas . I was very disappointed to find it much smaller than I thought and not nearly as good as the Victor Flea Trap . The light in it is n't even bright and the plastic covering gets in the way of catching the fleas instead of attracting them ! I 've had it plugged in for days in a basement room that became infested and only a few fleas are in the trap . If I walk through the room I get more than that on my pants ! What a waste of money . If you are looking for a pesticide-free trap try the Victor Flea Trap , it 's much better .
 I purchased this for my home in Florida after noticing several fleas on my animals in late spring . The bulb is supposed to put off a heat level that matches the same heat an animal laying on the floor would put off , but it produced very little heat . The glue on the trap was very sticky , and I 'm sure a flea would have been stuck very well if a flea had been attracted enough to it to get stuck . I have used this for a month and caught absolutely nothing . The flea problem is gone fortunately , but that was done with a combination of bathing the animals , vacuuming every day , and using flea powers/flea sprays on the carpet and furniture . I was very disappointed .
 I bought this piece to add the capability of using my Incra miter gauge for crosscuts . I have found that the slots are not milled consistently , which causes loose areas along with tight spots . Even though the Incra is adjustable for width , it can only be adjusted for the tight spots which allows a lot of slop in the loose areas.If you are not concerned with accuracy beyond about + / - 2 degrees , this is an ok product . But using it to make tight fitting glue joints or 90 Degree cuts is impossible.I have reverted to the sled that came with the saw .
 I purchased this escutcheon when I purchased a new Delta faucet for my kitchen . It arrived without the bracket and gaskets necessary to install . Useless ! Will return both .
 I guess I 'm the unfortunate one . The cover that came to me has a large sewn in 1 1/2 '' gap that extends half way up the front of the machine . Looks terrible , like it was made for another Hobart machine . Not sure if others have had this problem , but it 's definitely NOT the one pictured here or on the package . Not sure if Amazon gets allot of factory rejects to try and sell or what -LRB- ? , but this is the second time I 've had to send it back , all within the same order . It 's just the hassle more than anything , specially this time of year ... Gets annoying .
 While the outside of this safe and its sheer girth convey a sense of security and solid construction , a close look at the inner workings reveals a pathetic , cheap , poorly constructed safe that is prone to failure and breakage.My first safe arrived broken - the combination dial and attached shaft just fell right out ! Much to their credit , CSN Stores shipped another right away . They told me to just dispose of the broken one -LRB- probably because it 's not worth the shipping costs to send back a 143 pound -LSB- shipping weight -RSB- broken safe -RRB- , so I decided to see if I could fix it.To my horror , after prying off the plastic trim on the back door a spray of plastic washers and dials spat out - spring loaded . As I suspected from looking at the shaft attached to the main dial there is just a tiny little circular snap-on washer -LRB- not sure the exact name for this part -RRB- which holds the whole thing together , and the one sent to me had obviously fallen off in shipping . The plastic dials which determine the combination are thin , flimsy , and would definitely not survive any type of high heat from a fire , and the whole assembly would not survive a drop , nor is it even remotely waterproof or sealed.In about 20 minutes I was able to re-assemble the discs and washers and figure out what the new combination was . So the broken safe works now , but I would n't trust it - and in fact I do n't trust the working one I have . The inexcusable lack of quality in both parts and construction has serious implications for anyone who owns this safe , and likely any others from Sentry : - The safe can be easily broken into by merely jumping on the handle to break through the discs or prying off the combination dial to easily access the flimsy discs inside , which as noted are held together by the tiniest thinnest snap-on washer that I 've ever seen . - The safe is not truly fire-safe - the plastic dials -LRB- and most of the innards -RRB- will melt long before a fire has an effect on the rest of the safe - The safe is not water resistant - while there is a rubber gasket/trim around the perimeter of the door , the combination dial is not sealed at all.So basically Sentry uses the cheapest most worthless unreliable parts where it counts the most , hidden where most people will never see them . Think twice before relying on this safe -LRB- or this brand -RRB- for securing valuables from theft , fire or water damage.MAJORLY disappointed . -------------------------------------------------------- Update : I was contacted by Sentry Safe , and to their credit they are very attentive to these issues and wanted to clarify some of the finer points above.The DA3410 safe is rated for 2 hours of fire at -LRB- I think 1500 -RRB- degrees . They claim that the plastic actually melts and forms a seal which helps to protect the inside from water damage . I ca n't verify or discredit this claim , but the safes are independently tested by UL to get their rating.Sentry was also quick to point out that less than one half of one percent of the safes they sell ever have reported problems . Again , ca n't verify this , but presumably the safes work for most people or else they would n't sell . They also claimed that the plastic parts are used in part because they are strong enough where needed , but also have a breaking point which if exceeded -LRB- as in the case of applying excessive force to handle -RRB- will cause the mechanism to fail-safe , meaning that the handle would just spin and fail to function.My concerns and issues with this safe still remain .1 -RRB- Durability
 After about two years of being protected in the confines of our closet from weathering the plastic locking mechanism froze inside the safe . I had to input the combination a multitude of times and literally beat the safe with a rubber hammer to get the lock mechanism to disengage , which it did after about ten to twenty minutes of `` persuasion '' . I took the mechanism apart sprayed it with silicone , placed it back together , and put a baking soda pack inside there to absorb moisture and guess what , six months later , surprise surprise , I had to do the exact same thing . That safe it not safe and DO NOT buy this . For you own sanity , stay away from Sentry.If I could put a negative star rating I would .
 The Sentry safe appears sturdy but they do not last . After several years keeping it indoors in a safe place so the elements would not harm it , it became more and more difficult to get it to respond to the code until it finally stopped . Yes all my valuables are locked in the safe ! I have the combination and it wont work!The Sentry company simply responded that after a year it is no longer under warranty so I will have to find a locksmith who will open it ! I searched the web to find help some other way only to find my complaint was not at all isolated ! Google `` cant open my Sentry safe '' and see how many hits it gets ! Well , I am filing a complaint and hope Consumer affaires will look into these costly but unreliable `` safes '' . I thought this was an investment to give me piece of mind for my valuables ! I wont buy another one of the Sentry products . A simple lock box like my parents had will do and wont cost as much .
 The safe apparently gets its fire rating by having a moist clay between the plastic inner shell and the thin metal outer shell , a couple inches all around of moist fiberous clay like material . To bolt it to the wall you have to drill through the plastic the clay and the metal outer shell.This exposes the damp clay to the inner area . Mine molded , it has stunk up my grandmothers silver folders and the documents I had inside , this is not a good design , I totally would not recomend one of these Sentry Fire safe types to anyone , I have a couple of the non firesafe types and they are fine , I am going to have to throw this one out , totaly disgusting .
 Substantial amounts of rust starts to develope within short order along with apparent mold and odors.Even desiccant fails to bring the humidity level inside this safe down to acceptable levels and the high level of humidty inside of this safe not only rusts out the inside of the safe , it also damages most everything metal that you might want to protect inside the safe.Even where the outside humidity is only 8 % . the inside of this safe ranges above 80 % . Apparenly the high humidity is caused by the clay material Sentry uses to make the safe fire resistant .
 I had my important documents in this fire proof safe but when our home was flooded by Hurricane Sandy 2012 , everything was completely waterlogged ! How could it be fire safe but not sealed against water damage ?! Even those plastic vacuum seal bags worked to keep stuff dry . Smh .
 After nine months the hinge snapped and the door just fell off . The hinge could n't even support the weight of the door .
 I bought this safe in order to protect my families valuables . It was heavy , seemed robust and strong . I read the reviews here on Amazon as well before purchasing . I am writing this review 5 weeks after our house was robbed . This safe which was bolted to our wooden floor looked like it had been run over by a cement truck . Here were the particular issues I found out afterwards that I will now warn you about . 1 -RRB- the hinges are on the outside . This is a manufacturing issue that decreases the cost of the safe . The best safes have integrated hinges where they are hidden behind the door on the inside . 2 -RRB- the metal is stamped , meaning that this is a this steel sheet bent into the appropriate shape . Good safes have steel plates that have a associated rockwell-hardness number -LRB- this number indicates the toughness of the metal -RRB- 3 -RRB- There are only 2 bolts per side and they bolt through the plastic into the body of the safe . Better safes have the bolts go through directly into the steel frame .4 -RRB- Better safes have a variety of tamper - resistant features that deter drilling or popping off the combination lock . The combination of these issues makes it pretty easy to open this safe even with primitive tools . You can use a pry bar to get into the seam between the door and the frame pry up the steel sheet and open it , or you can work on the hinges or the lock . The fire-proofing on these safes is gypsum which is common . I mention it for the fact that once this safe is opened it gets on everything as a fine powder . Burglers -LRB- like ours -RRB- will typically empty all your household cleaners -LRB- windex etc. -RRB- on the safe as they are breaking it open to decrease the amount of dust . As an aside , this process will definately ruin the finish on your floor . You may wonder how long this process takes . The police officer who visited our home estimated it took the burglers about 15 minutes from breaking into the house to leaving . These 15 minutes included the time need to open the safe -LRB- estimated by the officer to have taken about 5-10 minutes -RRB- . So , in conclusion , this safe is great if hidden away in a unaccessable location , covered , and you are being robbed by a drug addict who does n't have time to search . Any dedicated burgler should be able to open this safe in about 5 minutes . Hope my family 's story will help you chose wisely .
 They Know You will not pay Shiping to return this trash . Must be the cheapest locking combo I 've ever try to open . It 's a shame the rest of the safe is ok . Tumble turns like its got sand in it , my football locker opened easier . Would make a good boat anchor .
 I organized all of my jewelry , placed it in this safe which we had bolted down in the floor of a closet . Our home was burglarized with an active alarm turned on . The robbers forced the door off the safe and stole everything inside in a matter of minutes . I wish I had never bought this and trusted it .
 Used this safe 2 times and a metal rod broke off . Customer service claims that it 's not from the safe , even though I found it inside the safe . After six uses tha handle became so unusable that I could barely open or close the door . Customer service is rude and unhelpful , that is if they respond to you at all . No fix in sight , just my 5 month old safe being abandoned . Buy another brand with no consideration for Sentry . A really terrible example of an American company .
 Looks OK but is definitely second rate . The door is sloppy after being opened just a few times . I seriously doubt that I am really protected from fire . The handle is loose and does n't stay at full horizontal after closing . The combination dial sticks in spots . If I were n't so lazy I would return it and go for another brand !
 I just sent the safe back . When it arrived today I opened the box and found that the handle and lock assembly were smashed . The problem , as I see it , is that the box as it comes from Sentry is not meant to be shipped by UPS or other similar service . The safe weighs over 100 lbs and the box is very flimsy . Inside there are are styrofoam cushions at each corner but there is nothing between the lock and handle assembly except the thin cardboard wall of the box . The most delicate part of the whole thing is unprotected.Amazon is replacing it but who knows how well the replacement will do in its travels?I have no complaints about the way Amazon is handling the problem but I would prefer that the item arrived in one piece .
 I bought this as a place to store sensitive documents -LRB- deed , account statements -RRB- . I can not fit any of the following in this safe : - legal-size papers - accordian files - laptopsThis renders it useless . Returning .
 I purchased a slightly smaller model , the .8 cu ft , safe arrived fine . I bolted the safe to my floor , worked fine for one month . Then suddenly , for no apparent reason , the safe would n't open . The smooth sensation when turning the combination dial was replaced by a lumpy rattle . The mechanism inside had failed , with my valuables inside . The safe can not be moved , it 's bolted to the floor from the inside.The customer service is open business hours only . I work for a living , so I ca n't walk through their moves with them on the phone . They had me try 20 other combinations -LRB- ! -RRB- and now they want to walk me through some other exercise before they authorize a locksmith to come to my house and drill it open . I will then have to remove it from the floor myself , and get a replacement.The inconvenience is considerable . The customer service is the bare minimum . Their product failed , and most of the cost in time and effort to correct this is being born by me , the consumer.They are only giving me back the cash I spent on their product , and reimbursing me for the locksmith who opens it . Nothing more.Buyer beware . Cheap product , bad service .
 I bought a safe that came with no combo or keys.After jumping thru various hoops for Sentry , I found them to be perfectly useless with customer service.I returned the safe for a full refund and bought from their competitor , Honeywell.I suggest you do the same !!!
 There is a reason this safe is cheap . I 'm almost positive I could break into this safe in a couple of minutes with a regular hammer . If you just need a safe to prevent your kids from getting to your stuff than you 're probably ok . I would send it back , but i 'm too lazy . Purchase a different safe if you really want your valuables to be protected .
 The safe we bought has a very complex dialing mechanism and requires precise turning in each direction to an exact number . There is zero tolerance and it takes me several tries to open the safe.I suggest you buy a more user friendly model - perhaps with electric numbers for entry.Disappointing .
 You can get this cheaper at Home Depot . $ 189 plus if you are military you can knock off another 10 % .
 Used it only 3-4 times before the PLASTIC internal locking mechanism stripped and rendered the safe completely useless . Later prying it open with a crowbar and hammer revealed the plastic gearing to be connected to the outer handle , completely stripped by merely hand-turning . Do n't waste your money !
 This safe is making my life miserable.when i bought it about 14 months ago , i had trouble opening the safe . i eventually figured it out after a long day of frustration . fast forward to this week , and i needed to add some documents to my safe . trying to open again , i could not . i figured i must be doing something wrong , so i dug up the instruction booklet , and also double checked my combination . after meticulously following instructions again , still could not open . I invited friends over , and had each of them attempt to open the safe following the instructions and combination -LRB- on their own , so that i would n't influence the outcome -RRB- . none of them were able to do so.finally , i decided that i should call sentrysafe for some help . turns out their customer service is only available from 1-6pm EST , right in the middle of my work day -LRB- i 'm located in california -RRB- . final note
 Tub is not what it is cracked up to be for the price . You can not get the water deep enough to get full use of the massaging feature . When purging there is a unpleasant musty odor . Countless correspondences with service reps have failed to help with ridding odor .
 The produce was dented and the package was open and screws were missing but had to install it because of time constrants
 I bought the item specifically because it states it is made in USA . When it was delivered the package states that it is made is China . Now I have to waste my time and repackage the product and return it .
 I realized that even before I purchased this welder that it was not a commercial grade welder . But what I was not ready for was having problem after problem with it . The first thing that happened , was after using up the 1 pound spool of wire , and replacing it with a new larger spool , to have the wire hang in the feed tube , and I was not able to get it dislodged . That was the first trip to a service center . The next thing that happened was that I found that , even though the amperage was high enough-in fact more than high enough , the Hobart does not like generator power . I had to re-weld a part back on a deer stand , and the welder seemed to want to spit and sputter while working off of a generator . I was able to get the job done , but that was due to the fact that I had access to a gas rig.In short this is my first-and last such product .
 Product has a contemporary feel but the quality of the rice paper lampshade is subpar .
 price lured me in ... but after setting the lamp up , i realized right away that this is a low quality , poorly designed product . does n't stand up straight and entire light bulb sticks out above the half-circle -- so what 's the point of the shade ... bad design ... i would not recommend this lamp .
 I would give this product zero stars if I could . After all the trouble of setting it up , it did not even work . Very poor quality product .
 Nice heavy construction and looks good , but the design is flawed . There is a sturdy mount , but the arms are attached with a bolt . No matter how tight I 've tried to make it , it eventually turns - as bolts are known to do - and the arms go from the 3 o'clock position to 4 o'clock . Why did n't they mount the arms so they wo n't sag ? Who knows ? It 's too expensive to have this sort of problem .
 Amazon 's description of this set says `` Bit - Hex & Torx Keys '' , but there are no Bit - Hex or Torx Keys in this set . What you do get is a T-handle , three driver shafts -LRB- 3.5 '' , 6 '' , & a 10 '' flexible 180 shaft -RRB- , plus a 1/4 '' drive adapter . All the components -LRB- except for the rubber handle -RRB- are lightweight metal -LRB- it does n't say what the composition of the metal is , but they 're light enough to feel hollow -RRB- . A plastic housing box of decent quality is included . In the set I received , the drive adapter locks onto two of the driver shafts , but does not lock onto the third driver shaft , so I will be returning the set for a refund . Made in Taiwan . Not of the quality I was hoping for .
 I got this in a Miller welder package deal . What a cheesy piece of junk . It 's actually lower quality than I 'd expect from Harbor Freight . The nuts and bolts are incredibly cheesy . Stamped and spot welded sheet metal junk . Miller should be ashamed to put their name on this thing . If it were $ 40 , I might be okay with it . $ 125 is a joke .
 This cart is absolute trash . Metal tabs are supposed to fit into slots and then bend over to hold it all together . The tabs do not fit into the slots . Trying to tap them in as per instructions only resulted in chipping the paint and deforming the tabs . The amount of work involved to grind each tab and make them all fit is unacceptable . And then it will need to be repainted . When finished it would still be a piece of Chinese junk . I will not waste my time . Shame on you Hobart . This one is going to the garbage dump!P.S.I complained to Miller about this Chinese junk . They sent me a replacement cart . The pieces of the replacement cart actually fit together . It is still pretty cheesy though .
 This cart is reasonably well designed and the parts are OK ; in my case , and apparently that of others , parts have been missing . In my case it was the rear axle , so I wound up having to fabricate an axle -LRB- and I went with some upgraded pneumatic tires I had kicking around -RRB- , but that turned a ten minute assembly into an afternoon.The cart is - just - long enough for a Miller Diversion 165 , so a larger/longer welder may be too long for this cart . I have a smaller -LRB- 33cf -RRB- tank which is about all you would want for this cart , and they supply only a very dubious twisted-link chain to retain it . I wound up upgrading the tank retention as well.One of the biggest problems is the packaging , I think
 The Safety Red color is 10X the price of the regular colors . BE CAREFUL unless you want to spend $ 64.58 on a can of spray paint !
 The nozzle on all 6 cans I purchased did n't work properly , thus the paint sputtered out in a flood onto the ground . I do n't think it can be returned because it 's considered a flammable product .
 BS on this . 7ft came , not 17 . It seems to work well enough , but almost none came in the package .
 I put these on the areas I needed sealed and they rip easy and dont rebound after opening . Already replaced them .
 this prduct did not work at all would not stick to the window seal at all I was very dissatisfied with this product.but you credited my account back for this product . thank you
 Obviously , this did not work after three weeks and I found pigeon poop upon the head and wings of the plastic , indicating that the pigeons returned . Most birds at first glance are frightened by it but after a few days , they instinctively know that it isnt really alive , even the moving head , which is operated by a spring , does n't mimic actual live owl 's heads , since most owls do n't even have a neck bone structure . After a few more months , even the head fell off and there was a woodpecker nest inside the hole . After a few years , the whole thing just fell to pieces .
 I was hopeful about this product despite it 's mixed reviews . This year we have been swarmed by starlings , they are nesting in the chimney and BBQ grill . Daily we were removing the nest material from the grill and cleaning it to cook , only to have them back with more sticks before it was cool . After a week of this battle my husband agreed to let me purchase this owl . The day we got it I set it out on the deck rail right next to the grill . The starlings were n't fazed by it . I do move it around the deck every few days , but they keep coming back -LRB- even walking over the rubber snakes we 've put out there -RRB- . So it may work for other species , but those stubborn starlings are n't fooled by it ... we 've just created all sorts of barricades in any opening on the grill which seems to be keeping them out , they 're still leaving their droppings on the deck though : -LRB-
 The owl did nothing for the pigeons on my balcony , they still flock around and sometimes I even see them perched right bedside it like it 's not even there !
 THe revolving head works like a weathervane . It stays turned the same direction all the time when the wind blows . It dose n't scare ANYTHING away !! Waste of money .
 Holy # ^ @ * do I hate this thing ! This plastic owl practically destroyed my childhood ! This plastic owl caused me to fear and hate great horned owls ! When this things head twirled around when I was a preschooler , it looked like it wanted to kill me ! Even when it 's head was turned away from me , I still felt like it was glancing over to say , `` I 'm going to kill you ! '' This monster is why owls are my most hated animals !
 The piece of plastic that the head pivots on is busted and there has been a hole drilled right through the owl where a previous owner mounted it . Thanks for the used and damaged owl .
 I heard this was great for keeping birds away but it 's not working for me.The robin comes up next to the owl and is not even scared of it .
 I bought this owl a year ago to keep birds away from my blueberry bushes , it 's completely useless . I 've seen birds roosting on it 's head . The birds are n't stupid enough to fall for this thing , neither should you .
 Not what I expected cheap plastic the mount for the head is already cracked . The screw that holds the head mount together is rusted . The head does n't move on its own you have to grab it to move it . Its not a bobble head . Little birds land on its head to do their business . Not exactly afraid of it .
 As soon as I put it up the pigeons at my house began enjoying the shade this plastic sculpture provided for them - they liked it so much they invited their friends and had a great time defecating all around it . I ended up shooting the owl . And then tossing rocks to scare away the birds . Good luck
 There was a part off the head and because of the lightness the wind made it drop and crack . I found a heavy one in a bird specialty store that works
 This product sounded like it would do the trick with respect to keeping birds and rodents out of my garden , but neither of them are afraid of it . In fact , the chipmunks run across it 's feet like it 's their friend . What exactly this will scare is beyond me .
 My daughter was really creeped out by how its head slowly turns around . So far she is the only thing that was scared by it . The birds and squirrels seem to love it . But it 's a nice decoration .
 Owl looks good and was not hard to install on my roof . However I 'm not sure if it works for pigeons . It was installed on a home that I 'm away from for a couple of months but can view it on camera . Day after I installed it and left a black bird attacked it and apparently knocked the rotating head loose from it 's rotator . It no longer bobs or rotates as viewed from my cam . So ca n't say if it works or not for pigeons but black birds enjoyed dancing with it .
 I have five 8by10 windows on my house and because they are refletive , birds peck at them . I bought the Owlto put a stop to this , but the birds love the Owl , and bring thier friends over to see it.The Owl arrived on time , but does not help my bird problem .
 I have owned a fake owl in the past that worked much better than this one . The original Owl I had would cause other birds to get mad , and sit way up high in trees and sqwalk at it . This one they land on it and poop on it . I think there is something about the eyes that do n't look real .
 I am in property management for over 30 years and have tried a lot of gate closers on apartment buildings . This gate closer was a joke and never worked correctly -- had to remove it and it was a waste of money , time and energy .
 The first 2 reviews of this product are correct . Although this product has a rugged design , the pivot points are riveted with steel on steel contact . After installing the unit the first problem was that it would n't allow the gate to close all the way unless you adjusted the hydraulic cylinder to the point where the gate would slam defeating the whole purpose of the unit.The second problem came after several days of rain , the pivot points which were riveted together began to rust and the unit would not close at all after opened unless forced . A better design would be to at least place some type of nylon washer between the steel links to allow them to pivot easier.So unless you do n't mind making modifications to something you just purchased to make it better , look elsewhere .
 I will try not to repeat what is already reviewed here but I just wanted to emphasize a couple of points . First , when it works , it is a thing of beauty , allowing the gate to close gently just like it states.Unfortunately , it does not work all the time , it is very difficult to install and mine only lasted 18 months before it stopped working . When I took it off the fence I could see the tremendous amount of rust throughout . I would not buy this again as I certainly did not wish to spend this amount of money on such a limited time frame .
 At our homeowners association we have 6 pool gates . We have used Kant Slam closers for a few years because we did not know there was anything better and our welding company kept installing them . They have to be replaced about 4-5 times per year and keep blowing hydraulic seals leaking the fluid all over our pool decks . These closers work for the first few days then go out of adjustment , then fall off the gate even though they 're welded on . They are pretty much worthless . Try to find soemthing more heavy duty or you will be wasting your money .
 So far I 've gone through three of these . I typically replace them at least once a year now ... just outside of warranty . At first what seemed to be the perfect fit for my application has turned into a complete failure.I currently use this product for the facility at work and the `` closing bar '' that pushes the gate close as the springs/piston compresses breaks exactly in the same place . It appears that it 's a major design flaw given that not enough material or support has been added to the design to keep the stress applied to it from fracturing over time.I do n't intend on purchasing this product a 4th time , but actually re-design/re-manufacture what the original OEM has consistently failed to do .
 We installed this on a wood frame door and after a few days the wood began to crack on the frame . This product is made well but is not as the package states `` for all doors '' . I do not doubt that it would work well on an all metal frame door or metal framed gate . The key issue being that the door frame should be able to withstand the compression of the two very powerful springs that the Kant-Slam uses to close the door , upon opening the door these springs compress , and require the frame to be the opposing stress point to push against.Its a little difficult to describe how the Kant Slam functions and the company -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- would do well to create a flash video to allow potential users to see it before purchasing .
 I have a gate to a children 's play area in my yard . My kids are always slamming the gate and I cringe for little hands or fingers getting caught . I thought this might be the ticket . How wrong I was!It 's huge and ugly , clashing with my nice cedar fence and gate . OK , I was willing to go with it , assuming it would do a good job . Sadly , it was very hard to operate . My kids struggled to open the gate and it did n't always close all the way . When it did close , its closing motion was not smooth . I finally uninstalled it when ripped the screws holding it out of the wooden gate post . Upon inspection , I found that the mechanism had bent due to the force required to operate the gate with this installed .
 This thing is big , chunky , ugly , and does not work well . I was hesitant to install it and 6 months later the welds on the hinge broke . DONT BUY IT !
 Avoid this over-priced completely inferior product . The quality is that you would expect from a tool purchased in a low end discount store . It is virtually impossible to remove the various screwdriver and other bits from the storage container making the product rather useless .
 Fist off they where not 12 point found that out the hard waySecond the holes for the pass through are not big enoughi was very disopointed
 it looked like it would have a narrow powerful water stream . Not so , the stream was weak when adjusted to its strongest setting . I sent it back .
 This item is heavy duty-solid brass but when using it there is not enough water that comes through . I have plenty of water pressure so that is not the problem . I would not recommend this shower head to anyone !
 Given the Product Description says it is just `` 1 inch '' long , it will only cost me about $ 1,680 to weatherstrip a single 3ft by 4 ft skylight hatch ... maybe I should order the 1/2 '' x 1/2 '' stripping product instead that is also only 1 linear inch in length , so it will only cost about half as much !
 After only three weeks the 2-way switch stops working.Switch appears to be made of plastic where metal should be .
 Reviewer edit
 The power switch has not worked properly ever at all -LRB- not once -RRB- . You have to jiggle and go all turny with it to make it work.It is disgusting it ships with such a defective switch . -- BIG NEWS ___ UPDATE ___ READNOW -- The switch no longer works at all ! I repeat
 I bought a Tenryu , used it for it 's intended purpose , and it bent after one use . What made matters worse was a clueless Customer Service Rep. A lot of people bash Home Depot , but if you buy their house brand blade , it comes with a lifetime warranty against defects . If you have a problem with it , take it back and get a new one . Most blades cut good but they 're only as good as the company that stands behind them in the event of a defect . Tenryu ai n't it .
 I purchased this pair of lamps because the description made it seem that they were high quality american . But when I found out that they were made in china , I thought about returning them . I will say that they appear to be adequate quality for the price , which was my major concern , but I am tired of the description painting a pretty picture just to find out differently ! If the product is `` Made somewhere other than America '' it needs to be stated that way . Why is it necessary to deceive the consumer ? We are Americans ! We can make an informed decision ! Vendors !!! Please put some honesty and integrity back into our country and start stating the TRUTH !!!
 Globe fell out and broke.Sent several e-mails about a replacement globe with no answers.Poor customer service . How to get another globe ?
 i ` vwe owned two backpacks with reflective fabric within the last year . recently i bought a new backpack that did not have any reflective fabric on it , so i bought this product to solve the problem . sewing it on was easy enough and it looked great . then i took it outside and placed my backpack about 10 feet in front of my car and shined the headlights on it . the fabric hardly reflected enough light for me to pay attention . this reflected SOME light back to me but it was not nearly as bright as the light reflective fabrics i 've used in the past . if you want some black glittery fabric , then buy this product , but if you want to be seen , then just go for the white reflective fabrics .
 I purchased this item for my Lincoln MIG rig . Typical of this kind of item , it was shipped in the box that the Chinese manufacturer originally packed it in . UPS was n't kind and the unit was shredded upon delivery to my home . The corners of the shelves were bent and dented . Given I did n't want the hassle of returning the item -LRB- and it 's a welding cart afterall -RRB- , I straightened the metal and put the cart together . The quality of the painted finish is poor -LRB- flaking off in certain areas -RRB- and it was clear the underlying sheet metal was rusted in certain areas prior to application of the finish . If I were to do this again , I would just spend the additional $ 30 and get the Lincoln cart versus the `` no-name '' Chinese manufactured cart .
 As other reviews have already stated , there was damage on the carton when it arrived and had missing hardware . Amazon was good and sent me a new one . When assembled and the Hobart welder placed on it , the swivel wheels would not swivel . The weight on the swivel caused them to lock up . I have already replaced the swivels with heavier ones . I should have purchased Hobard 's cart .
 Ordered this as a replacement in the bath . Arrived with a chunk taken out of it the first time . Sent it back and reordered . The second one arrived with the same damage so I returned it and then ordered from a different maker .
 Could n't find handels anywhere local . Handels fit perfectly in exhisting drill holes BUT the screws that came with the handel did not fit.No hardware store around had screws that fit . I 'm in the process of calling the company . really Frustating !!!!!
 This item is cheap , but still not worth the price . The set screws are so small that they stripped out the first time I used one of the extensions . I was able to install the drill bit but after I finished the job , I tried to remove the bit and stripped the set screws . Now , in order to save the bit I have to drill out the set screws . If you need a drill bit extension , buy one with larger set screws . If Amazon had labeled this as made in China , I might not have bought it in the first place .
 I purchased this pair of lamps because the description made it seem that they were high quality american . But when I found out that they were made in china , I thought about returning them . I will say that they appear to be adequate quality for the price , which was my major concern , but I am tired of the description painting a pretty picture just to find out differently ! If the product is `` Made somewhere other than America '' it needs to be stated that way . Why is it necessary to deceive the consumer ? We are Americans ! We can make an informed decision ! Vendors !!! Please put some honesty and integrity back into our country and start stating the TRUTH !!!
 Globe fell out and broke.Sent several e-mails about a replacement globe with no answers.Poor customer service . How to get another globe ?
 I got these magnets for my white board . They have good pull force , but that 's about the only outstanding thing they have to offer . About four days after they arrived , they were accidentally dropped on the tile . They only fell about three and a half feet , and they broke ! I started with six magnets , now I 'm down to two . I know they are ceramic , but I figured they would live through a 4 ft. fall !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 I purchased this item to use on a hand-held power tool with 5/8 '' screw bore . I expected the item to be threaded which would create a true centered alignment with the tools screw bore . The item sleeves over the screw bore leaving play and set-screws are used to secure this attachment ; tightening the set-screws secures it to the screw-bore but throws it off-center which results in unacceptable excessive vibration .
 I was really happy to find this item as I needed it for a tool I was building . Unfortuntely , the unit was out of balance and would not spin true . Was very frustrating . I tried to find a way to correct it , but it was not use . The product failed totally .
 This product was cheaply made and did not work . I expected more from Hunter .
 There is NO way to remove non-adhesive part of the tape without spending the better part of an hour picking and recutting the end . Look for another product -- the manufacturer has obviously never tried to use it , or they 'd know how difficult it is .
 Says on the back it is only for permanent installation of carpet , and ` may ' leave residue . I was looking for something to secure an area rug , but do n't want residue . Disappointed in the information provided .
 cut a hole in my car seat . maybe after a month of practice this might work . i gave it two stars for the glue
 This is damn near a wonderful flashlight.But not quite.The thing is , this is a tremendously bright flashlight on the main setting , and the red led is very useful if you want to use it close up without being blinded . It 's also VERY lightweight , and comes with a decent belt holster.However , mine is malfunctioning . Within two weeks of purchase , it got stuck in signal mode . It still basically functions , it 's just obnoxious to use.Also , the pocket clip is terrible . It 's poorly designed and poorly fitted . The tip of the pocket clip does n't flare out enough so it 's rather difficult to clip to a pocket , and there 's several mm of clearance between the tip and the body of the light . Retention is very poor , and it functions more like a pocket hook than a pocket clip.LRI 's warranty is fairly good , and they said they 'd fix/replace the light and fit a new pocket clip , but I am unable to send it back at this time .
 I ordered this flashlight on 12.17.10 as a Christmas gift for my fiance . Upon opening on 12.25 and attempting to use it , it appeared not to be working properly . No matter what we did the flashlight would not stay on . Two of us read the instructions over and over and felt we were following them to the letter . How difficult could it be to get a little flashlight to work ? My fiance is a plumbing and heating contractor and has many flashlights of all kinds , however , we just could not get this little bugger to stay on . Before I ordered this item I read many of the reviews about it on Amazon . It had an excellent review or obviously , I would not have ordered it . I was getting ready to return the flashlight and thought to go back in and read reviews again and see if anyone else was having this problem . Fortunately , there was a review by Allan on 12.23.10 which stated that the flashlight had to be taken out of `` store demo mode '' and to hold the button down 20 seconds to do so . The instruction that came with the flashlight did not state to do the 20 second hold . Well , following Allan 's instructions cured our problem and the flashlight works great . My fiance loves the exceptional bright beam for such a tiny flashlight . The flashlight is very nice so I do give it 5 stars , but the manufacturer needs to elaborate a little on how to get it to stay on rather than automatically shutting off after a few seconds . THANK YOU ALLAN FOR YOUR HELP!Also , I would like to compliment the third party seller , Park Avenue Enterprises of New York who I purchased it from . Again , I placed my order on 12.17 and it stated from the get go that the item may not arrive until well after 12/25 due to the Seller 's high shipping volume . Okay , I knew that ahead and ordered it anyway . The flashlight showed up on 12/23 which was great and told me that Park Avenue really did their best to ship as quickly as possible . Prior to solving the problem with the flashlight I emailed Park Avenue on 1/1/11 and expressed that it appeared we had a faulty flashlight and wanted to return it . Since it was New Years weekend I certainly did not expect a response until at least 1/3/11 . I heard from the Owner late in the AM of 1/3/11 , not by email , but by phone call . I think that was excellent . He was such a Gentleman and completely prepared to take the flashlight back at his expense with no discussion or argument whatsoever . I can highly recommend dealing with Park Avenue . I 'm giving them 5 stars !! 1/11/13 I should have posted this long ago , but just did not get to it . I 'm giving this flashlight a 1 star which I do n't believe I 've ever done to any other product before . After about six months this expensive little flashlight stopped working . Battery is not the issue . It was a pain in the neck all along and I should have returned it , but we get caught up in our busy lives and I did not do so ... so shame on me ... but , I would not recommend this to anyone . Expensive junk !
 The sink was exactly as was stated in the description . After reading the specifications of the sink I ordered it and it fit perfectly into my countertop . The quality of the sink is outstanding . When I ordered it the sales agent was extremely helpful and if I have to order from Amazon again I would not hesitate.The product I ordered was
 First of all the fence works fine once you tune it up , the table of the saw is predrilled to accept the rails and their assembly is pretty straight forward . The fence itself is not assembled and there are no instructions provided , but its fairly obvious when you look at the CAD drawing on the parts list what goes where.TIP
 This fence is advertised as including a miter gauge and a resaw adapter . Neither of which is actually included . Sent it back and received a replacement - same thing , no accessories.Then Amazon tells me `` this is a widespread problem '' , and that I should send the replacement back as well.I just took the loss as a lesson , and went ahead and mounted it to my bandsaw.It 's not a bad unit , but just be aware it will not include the accessories . And they still have not removed the false advertising from the unit 's description ...
 I 've been working on my kitchen backsplash , bought a couple of blades from harbor freight and they worked fine . Harbor freight changed blades and packaging and the new ones wo n't cut . I knew MK made good saws so I thought this blade might be a step up . I could n't have been more wrong . The blade I got was .015 out of round and about .020 out of flat , beat the heck out of my travertine and shook the saw while cutting . I made 2 practice cuts and put it back in the packaging and sent it back to Amazon , glad they have such a reasonable return policy .
 I do n't mind giving 5 stars when it is deserved . I did on 2 other amazon products today . This is hard to operate . It is also obviously chineese origin or similar . The only reason I even give 2 stars is because it is very heavy duty .
 Thanks for the heads-up on the made in china review !!! I just cant believe that Milwaukee is making one of the best tools ever made ... THE HOLE HAWG ... in china now !!!!! So I refuse to buy em !!! I was hoping maybe this 1 might be made here in the U.S.A !!!!! silly me . . guess I 'll have to really take care of the old made in U.S.A. hawg a lot better !!! Milwaukee your a disgrace to the hard working AMERICAN tradesman that you expect to buy your tools !!!!!!
 Stop , do n't buy this if you expect the typical quality from Milwaukee . These are now made in China . Mine broke the handle off due to a faulty trigger switch . With the switch fully depressed the drill would start and stop on its own . It almost broke my wrist . Buyer beware ... china ... really ?
 A nice idea , and it looks great from the front , but then USB power outlet does NOT follow the USB Power Delivery Specification . Therefore , any modern USB powered device on the planet will NOT understand that this is an AC powered USB outlet . Therefore it will limit itself to 500ma of power consumption . Recharging will take much longer . If your device uses a significant amount of power , it may continue to slowly consume the battery rather than recharging .
 Do n't work in USB 3.0 devices . Dont ' t work in Nexus 7 . In Product Specifications , Description , Details , Features , i do n't see this information.Check your devices Before
 Purchase two of the items for plugs in the kitchen . Both died after @ 12 months of heavy -LRB- multi device daily charging -RRB- use . Looking elsewhere -LRB- other brands -RRB- for replacements .
 Does not provide enough power to be recognized as AC power -LRB- tested on Galaxy 1 and 3 -RRB- . Lasted less than a year and the USB ports stopped supplying power . I like the concept so I will probably try Leviton product next time .
 I purchased a pack of 4 of these GE night lights to replace a comparable night light that lasted 10 years . Each light - not the bulbs - stopped working after ~ 3 months . It 's sad to see such poor quality coming out of an American company .
 This drill is to powerful for the internal gears . I 'm a plumber and in 3 years I 've gone though 2 drills already , both broke the same gears . This is supposed to be the biggest baddest right angle drill , but trust me when I tell you DO NOT waste your money . I have close to $ 600 invested and milwaukee will not do any thing for me . I sent the first one to get fixed and they wanted $ 250 . $ 35 more and you get a new drill so that 's what I did . Never again !!
 You can cut circles with this . You could cut nicer circles with a bit more confidence if the plastic arms were replaced with metal arms . Making the center of the arms , where the cut diameter markings are , larger would give better accuracy with less ` test settings on scrap piece first ' . As with the CRCT1 , this attachment was made as cheaply as possible -LRB- and that 's different than ` inexpensively ' -RRB- . Kudos to the Rotozip engineer in charge of ` How cheap can we make it and still charge people too much for it without it actually being useless and ending up in the ` returns ' bin all the time ? ' . Yes , it works . Use both hands . Cut slowly after first checking on a piece of scrap material . And make sure you fire off an email to Rotozip telling the how impressed you are with the ` quality ' of construction of this attachment . The quality of the actual Rotozip tools is okay - but the quality of their attachments is consistently and disappointingly poor.Whenever I can , I cut circles with a router and circle jig - the Jasper jigs are okay - even when cutting lighter materials the Rotozip and attachment -LRB- s -RRB- should be better suited for .
 I tried cutting over 20 circles in 1/4 '' , 3/8 , 1/2 '' plywood and in 1/2 '' pine stock - just wo n't cut a clean hole - always tends to spiral towards the end of the cut.The attachment is made plastic and is not designed to do anything near ` precision work . Maybe its OK for drywall.The instruction say to rotate the gizmo clockwise but the accompanying picture shows the a arrow going counterclockwise - either way the cut drifts outward as the cut goes to completion . The attachment fits nicely in the Rotozip carring case - I hope the whole thing sells well on eBay .
 First , think about the fact that there are tips on the web about how to `` fix '' this attachment . That should be your first clue.Faults :1 . It 's plastic , and not a rigid plastic either . You need rigidity to cut decent circles .2 . It slips . The plastic is very smooth allowing the guide to change diameters no matter how much you tighten the knob . Most `` fixes '' deal with this issue .3 . Poorly designed `` peg '' . Rotozip videos tell you to Make a hole for the pivot peg . What the do n't tell you is the size of the pivot peg is bigger than any of their standard bits ! So you either have to try and round out the hole with the RZ to get the peg to fit -LRB- good luck -RRB- , or you need to use a drill to make the hole the correct diameter.Pro 's : None I can think of.Basically , this attachment is a piece of junk .
 I used the circle cutter to cut a few ragged 10 1/2 inch holes in 1/4 inch plywood . Despite tightening the bolt to the point I was afraid it would break , the guide still slipped a little and made ragged holes . I 'm pretty skilled with power tools / guides etc. but could n't get this one to work well . Feed rate was critical for a clean consistent cut . Too much pressure and the plastic arms flex which makes for a crooked cut . Cord was constantly tangling with guide . When bits ran slightly crooked they bound up and broke . Pivot point kept trying to rise up out of the guide hole . Too many things to watch and hold onto to make the thing work . I 'm returning this one and looking for a simpler solution .
 I needed to cut a circle for to make a jig . Code for stairs requires that a 6 in . sphere can not pass under the deck rail in the stair step . I wanted a 5 7/8 circle cut from plywood.The product kept slipping the dimension . I have strong hands and tightened it to the point I thought it might break . I am so frustrated with this toy . I do n't mind paying double for a product that works . It may work on drywall since there is n't as much resistance as wood.I really wish I would have checked the reviews first before expecting it would cut an accurate circle .
 I hoped to use this circle cutter to cut some 8 inch circles in hardboard . I found that the tension screw would not hold the angle securely and the device would open or close while making the cut . It may work well on drywall , but on harder materials , this thing is useless .
 As noted by others , the Bosch RotoZip circle cutter has a major flaw -- it tends to change the diameter setting as you cut - no matter how tight we twist the knob . This will definitely ruin your plan for making a perfect hole . I tried putting a round piece of self-adhesive sandpaper -LRB- cut to fit -RRB- between the two parts of the unit , but it did n't work . The ` sand ' side held but the adhesive side still allowed the setting to slip -LRB- oh , so slowly but steadily -RRB- . Next I 'm going to try sticking two pieces of this sandpaper to each other -LRB- adhesive side to adhesive side -RRB- leaving two ` sand ' sides out . Hopefully the adhesive wo n't slip . If it does I 'm going to try to glue two non-adhesive pieces of sandpaper -LRB- cut to fit -RRB- together -- with glue that wo n't slip.It 's a shame that Bosch did n't do ` real world ' testing before they released this unit . If they had , they 'd have discovered the problem quickly . Some complain about it 's plastic makeup but I did n't find that any problem .
 I purchased item at my local Lowe 's . Needed to cut a couple of holes in drywall . After two unsuccessful tries I had two spiral cuts in my drywall -LRB- the circle tool slips as you work around the circle - giving you a nice spiral -RRB- ! This thing is awful . Especially considering the price . I returned it and got my money back.I could have done a better job with a pencil and keyhole saw .
 The connection between the Rotozip head and the circle cutter is very sloppy . Impossible to make a precision cut in any material other than drywall . I can do better with a sabre-saw with much less risk of injury .
 Due to the slippage I was left with a spiral cut for an overhead can light . I had to use other methods to create a trim ring to cover up the cut made from this useless attachment . I would try the sandpaper friction ring theory but I already threw this thing in the trash . I do n't need anymore screwed up circle cuts .
 I was pretty disappointed with these bulbs . Out of the 4 bulbs that I ordered , the first 3 burned out immediately when installed in the lamp . The last bulb lasted 2 weeks after installing it - and then burned out . -LRB- The metal base even came off when I tried to remove it from the lamp ! -RRB- Pretty surprising from this manufacturer who is generally known for quality merchandise . Do n't know if these were seconds , rejects or just inferior merchandise . Wo n't buy again .
 terrible why package a heavy lamp with four glass bulbs that are not protected by a decent box.The last time i boiught this product they sent me the bulbs seperately . I am shocked how much down the drain this product has gone
 I ordered these to go with a lamp I 'm buying for christmas . I ended up getting 1 65 watt Floodlight instead of these . With so little time until christmas it 's a pain to see something like this . Especially when the label on the bubble wrap even says 4 pack of 40 watts . It 's like they just did n't care . Highly annoyed .
 I purchased this years ago , and still have the items today . After only like 5 months the batterys went very weak , to the point where the drill would not even work from the batterys . Since then ive been stuck using the flashlilght only , which is dull due to the weak batterys . A pair of batterys for this was about 75 percent of the cost of a new unit , so i opted not to purchase them . I should have tried to warranty them , but did not . I feel its possibly the ni-mh batterys that were the problem as opposed to the ni-cads . Possibly they have more of a memory . Overall nice tools , good power , but if the batterys are junk , and they are over 70 percent of the cost of a new kit , then you are left with un-needed tools when you end up buying another drill/flashlight kit .
 We all know how hard it is to cut a straight line with a Rotozip . I thought this may help , but it 's not really good when you have to cut through something like 3/4 '' MDF for any distance over 4 '' . It binds up as you pull the whole thing along if you do n't keep one hand on the edge . Better off strapping on a straight edge than trying to use this to keep the saw from wandering .
 Somewhere in the product description is indicates the SEG1 is compatable with all Rotozip spiral saws - NO IT IS NOT . I verified this with Bosch . There is not a current Straight Edge Kit OR Flex Shaft that is available for the new connecting system RZ2000 or RZ1500 . I would have given it NO stars for the hassle factor , but that would n't be fair , since I have n't evaluated the part on a compatable tool . Best to refer to other users . See this link ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 i am so frustrated with amazon i cant beleive this i still have not recived the table extension you guys have taken my money but i still do not have the extension . i have called many times . you told me that they were back orderd but when i origionaly orderd it it was in stock.LIE . then i called roussou they said they had plenty of them . what is amazons problem . how do you run buisness amazon should be ashamed it has been 2 months and nuthing but exuses . otherwise i am very happy with what i did get rousseau is a great company and makes a great product just dont buy it from amazon
 This product was a huge disappointment , and so was the entire transaction process with the shipper Home Decorators . The product is described by the selling company as `` hand fitted stained glass '' with `` bronze painted on base metal '' . They are neither hand fitted , nor stained glass . The `` bronze '' is actually just brown , and there is nothing metal on the item at all . The hand painting is of very poor quality -LRB- a 6 year old could have done that -RRB- and the underside of the shade is an odd iridescent color , not painted like the top -LRB- even though is says stained glass , it 's painted -RRB- . Also , there are seams showing where the glass was poured . It took 2 months and about 20 emails to get my full refund . Expensive product -- Buyer Beware !
 The flashlight does not turn on . It was dead on arrival . I am going to return it as soon as possible .
 these SUCK . we tried hammering them into the chair legs and the part that is supposed to go into the wood flattened . i 'm so annoyed i ordered so many of these .
 The &#34; felt pad type &#34; will not survive use on a tile floor . They get caught in the tile grout-lines , and get torn off . I recommend the solid plastic type for use on tile .
 I have used many felt pads for the bottom of chairs and these are the only ones I have ever used that come off the legs easily . The felt is good quality but the poor attaching quality is a detraction .
 In worth the money very poor quailty . The top part that holds the mud is n't the same as picture came as a white plastic that looks as if someone used a utility knife to cut the top off the edge is n't even finished . The instructions that come with it don , t belong for this gun shows you hook the air in from the bottom of the handle which there is n't a way too which you can see by the picture . When you look inside the gun looks as if it held together from caulking . The front part of the gun you turn so you can get different diameters was rusty when I recieved it . It costs $ 8.00 in shipping and another * to get it back to them So I am out $ 16 dollars when it only cost $ 23 . I would give it away but know no one that will even take it from me if I send it back I will get 5 dollars back do n't think it is worth the 5 dollars so think it is going in the trash where this gun belongs .
 did not come with good instructions ... . would not buy another one . . should have gone to Home Depot . . next time . . I wo n't go cheap
 If only I had gotten to my project soon after receiving this hopper ! I would have realized within a reasonable amount of time after purchase that this tool is absolutely terrible ! The supply canister would not stay attached while the rubber washer was in place so had to remove the washer . Once the supply canister was staying I was able to fill it with the texture and hook it up to my fully charged compressor . As soon as it was hooked up , it blew air non-stop regardless of whether the trigger was being pulled or not . On top of that , when the trigger was pulled , nothing would be sprayed . I even thinned out my texture to the point where I was n't even sure it would be thick enough to even hold a texture and it still would spray nothing . What a piece of junk . Ended up rolling the texture on instead .
 I have to say my experience with this company was negative from start to finish . When the item arrived , it was n't the item pictured on the website . The hopper pictured appears much sturdier than what was sent . The instructions which were one page with two sides , pictured yet another completely different gun . The company 's website boasts that they have customer service 7 days a week , but 2 times when I called on the weekend , I was told to call back on Monday . When I did get someone to confirm that they had sent the correct gun , they went back to the warehouse and pulled the same item and said there must 've been a model change , and the same instructions picturing the incorrect gun were included . The best guess of the person I talked to was that the instructions were generic and meant for several different models . Since I 'd never used a gun like this , I was hoping for a little more info on how to use it , but it was really basic info , and of no real help . The refund process also seemed to take an incredibly long amount of time . Ultimately , I bought a Homax 4610 Pneumatic ll Spray Texture Gun from Lowe 's . This gun does feel like flimsy plastic , but it 's seemed to do the job , and I have to say , I 've been more impressed with this gun , than my prior purchase .
 One star was given because that was the minimum . The spec 's do not mention the compressor that will be need to run this gun . Unless you do commercial or industrial work you will likely not have a compressor that will work with this gun . You are better off to get the Wagner gun that will do great texture work .
 I bought this because I was searching for an alternative to a 120v fluorescent drop light . I like the light , but the first time I used it , I bumped the light and it fell to the floor and broke the hook off the top . I went to McMaster Carr and bought a super powerful small magnet with a ring and installed it where the screw for the hook use to pass thru . I think it is much more functional that way and it easily holds it own weight when under the car . Now I just need to replace the magnet at the midsection of the light with a stronger one.All and all , I like the light and it is bright . I pretty much use mine in the garage where the magnets work great . I would buy this light again.UPDATE *** As an update to my light review I would like to add that my light is no longer working . I leave it plugged in all the time and apparently it has some sort of battery issue . It works with the cord plugged in , but not on battery . The battery is putting out around 14VDC but does not seem to operate the light . I dissected it and debated on repairing it , but decided it not worth the time and effortRather than attempt to locate the village in China that produced this light I have decided to just buy a Bayco product . My cord reel is made by Bayco in Texas and I had one issue and received excellent customer service . I hope their LED light is made in USA too . The light was bright and worked well when it was working , but did not have the longevity I had expected . I changed my rating as a result of my experience .
 Worked fine for 6 months . Now wont charge at all . Used only few times a month . Still works if plugged in , but wanted cordless .
 This light supose to have proffetional grade , havy duty , but this one after first full charge did ' t liteven five minutes and diyed down.It was sent back to the merchant -LRB- Anytime inc -RRB- over three weeks , never got any resposes from them .
 I purchased the shop light back in August 2010 . It worked fine till about a week ago -LRB- November 2010 -RRB- . I would charge the light overnight , but it would only last for a few minutes and die out . The battery was not holding charge . I contacted the seller about the problem . They said they would not warranty it , `` the light only comes with a 2 month warranty . '' Really only 2 months ?!?!? I will shop elsewhere . Be careful
 POOR POOR POORBROKE VERY SOON ! GAVE IT AS GIFT TO OUR SONCHEAP ASS PIECE OF S *** WANT OUR MONEY BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I was hoping my experience with this product would be the same as those customers who rated it a 4 or 5 . Obviously , these people must be the lucky FEW . The light worked great when I received it ... for two uses max . Now it is a piece of junk . Will charge all night , battery life shows green , unplug , turn on , and in 5 seconds its dead . Will then light only momentarily when you push the switch . Let 's face it people , this product is junk .
 I opened this light up , nice looking . Charged it over night , greeen `` fully charged '' light was on . Unplugged it , turned it on , batterys were dead . Recharged it again , grren light came on , last on for less then 5 seconds , battery dead . Returned it , going to try another one maybe .
 My dad bought this for my on Christmas 2010 . Fast forward 6 months after using it maybe a dozen times its totally useless and does not hold a charge at all . Piece of junk !!!
 Pro ` sWorks on some 66M blocksCon ` sDid n't work on my Leviton 66 blockOther ThoughtsI bought this to work on my Leviton 66 block . It appears that Leviton has made different 66 blocks over the years because it did not work . My Leviton 66M Block marked as S66M1-50 . However , it worked beautifully with the no-name block that I had lying around . Unfortunately , I bought 3 of these . I really only needed 2 to work . I was only able to use 1 . The mounting style should be more clearly noted on this item . More pictures would help as well .
 Two Stars lfrom me like the rest of the gang . While the light emitted is nice on the eyes and brightens up the room , these bulbs burn out very frequently . I 'm lucky to get a few months per bulb .
 The bases on several sizes of the GE Reveal bulbs do not fit sockets well and the bulbs either do not make good contact or the bulbs separate from the base if you apply too much force . Very poor quality control on all sizes that I have used . Like the light , hate the mechanics . Not recommended .
 I would 've gone with regular ceiling light bulbs and been better off . These still emit that yellow tinge of light which makes the room look dull and lifeless.Not recommended for lamps or ceiling lights . I 'll buy cheaper bulbs next time .
 NO WARRANTY my pzap plasma cutter didnt even work for 30 days no one at Pzap USA will even acknowledge my emails just NOT worth it
 If you need to use this with a community/group gate for which you can not reprogram the gate code , then keep shopping.Description should say , in plain language , that this model only has 8 -LRB- vs. 9 -RRB- dipswitches . This may limit its usefulness for some folks , like me , who will have to hassle with the inconvenience of a return .
 This one is the same as the one without the keychain ; no smaller and includes the visor clip . It does have two buttons instead of one , but most probably do not have a need for 2 buttons . I would just buy one for your visor and remove the visor clip and put your own keychain on it -LRB- save 3 bucks -RRB- . It is quite clunky for a keychain remote .
 Ordered 3 of these remotes . All 3 packages were opened and appeared to be used . So far 1 out of 3 is a different type internally and does not work . Very dissatisfied with the company I purchased these from .
 Are you kidding Mighty Mule ? Did you hire a sixth grader to design this remote ? It is nothing but cheap plastic and the size of a brick . Who would put this on their keychain ? The keychain remote for my Ford truck was made ten years ago and is one-fourth the size and works better .
 Tried wetting surface and wetting bracket . Tried on tile and granite . piece of junk . Do n't bother Not sure if mine is defective , but will be sending it back . Would have been a great inexpensive alternative
 Double check what you get . They sent me the wrong item in the correct box . I returned but did n't get another .
 Aurelle is a great idea , but it is not yet perfected . First off , one of the `` candles '' , in the package of ten , does not work so now I have to figure out how to get a replacement . Secondly , the brightness and color of the light is not anywhere near what is depicted in the Phillips provided photographs . The light does flicker realistically , but it is a very dim orange light . Compared side by side with a real votive or tealight , the Aurelle is a lackluster simulation.On the other-hand , Aurelle is very easy and convenient to use .
 I 've bought 4 -LRB- sets -RRB- of these for gifts and 3 had at least 2 bad candles in the set of 10 . The last set a bought were all ok . I wrote to customer service and they sent me out new ones . It took about 2 weeks . Otherwise they work well and are brighter than others I 've seen .
 Just purchased this based on previous reviews , and am now returning it . Battery wo n't hold charge - the drill runs for several minutes after the battery has been fully charged and then sat overnight . Wo n't buy again .
 Worked only once , better buy a new drill . Did not charge at all after using it once . Did fit the drill good though
 It did not work in my drill and I do n't know why as it was working when I threw out the other batteries for it . I waited too long to return it as my drill was at my lake cottage and I did n't make it there in time .
 Looks and works fine until the weather gets cold . Flap gets stiff and wo n't stay closed , fills up with snow and ice .
 The add for this `` SINGLE '' I repeat `` SINGLE '' tap socket is deceiving to say the least in the sellers add they picture a complete set of socket taps they should show the item by itself as to not confuse the customer . I 'm heartily displeased with this sellers item display.Buyer beware !!!
 I purchased a Might Mule Gate opener for my carport gate and installed it as per the instructions about a year ago . The opener has worked satisfactorily , but accessories like the gate lock have been a problem.Customer service HAS BEEN HORRIFIC . I can not believe how slow and unhelpful those folks are.Please note that the description for this lock is meager and says nothing about model specificity . As a matter of fact , my control board has `` lock '' inputs for `` easy '' installation . After reading and rereading the instructions , no mention that this lock will not work with my model -LRB- MM200 -RRB- . After installing , I began a fruitless campaign to get the techs to troubleshoot why my lock would not engage , despite the fact the opener and the lock instructions state it should work with any model opener.The really annoying thing is that calling in to tech support is a fools errand . You stay on hold forever and eventually get disconnected . Finally , I went the email route , and turn around was about a week per communication !! Ridiculously slow , and the exchanges would often have stupid questions back like `` did you connect the red and black wires to the control unit '' . Well , yes , I 'm not retarded ... Finally , they punted and said that since my unit was designed to push a gate closed instead of pull it closed , that is why the lock would not function . What is interesting and pretty sad is that they resorted to threats instead of troubleshooting . The tech that slowly responded only stated that since my opener pulled in stead of pushed , I likely voided the warranty . No help on trouble shooting the problem after several emails back and forth.What is laughable is that assuming their theory is correct , the lock should engage when my gate is fully opened . This machine has no eyes and can not know that the gate is opened or closed . Just that the arm is at full extension . Yet , the lock does not engage when fully `` opened '' in my case or fully closed as per the tech 's assertion . It only clicks and does not operate . So , the problem is not related to the push or pull issue . . it 's a lock/unit issue . When I passed this on , a week late response only reiterated the same foolishness
 I bought this lock because my dogs discovered they could worm their way out of the gate and run into the street -LRB- when i just had the GT500 opener -RRB- . I thought this would be perfect to lock the gate in place with no chance of their escape . What I found was after hours of adjustments , it would not time itself correctly to lock when shut and to release when opened . It would try to open even though the latch was still locked -LRB- latch would open and close back before the gate would start to open -RRB- . I finally removed the lock when it malfunctioned so bad , it bent the arm of my GT500 opener . Luckily I bought the opener at a local store and they swapped it out for me . The new opener has worked fine since I took the lock off .
 I installed two lightweight gates using the Mighty Mule openers , sensors , and automatic locks . After over a year , everything is still working Except the automatic locks . First , one of the gates refused to open and I turned off the lock with the key and the gate works without it and then a couple of months later , the other gate refused to open and I disabled that one as well.I think they should have worked longer .
 the color is not what is shownwhen u clean it it smudgesi would not recommend it at all
 This product might fit other XBox 360 's but not a first generation . I will not plug into the power supply block . Bummer ...
 This light has a really retarded design
 Has a crack in it through one of the screw holes . Not a well made product . Not a well made product .
 My 6 &#34; chemminy pipe bigger than this tee 6 &#34; and when I checked it it 's 5 &#34; some that why it 's lose
 I ca n't complain about the seller . Price was right and the clothes arrived quickly . Unfortunately , I quickly learned that I do n't like tack cloths.They 're _ very _ sticky -LRB- significantly more so than I expected -RRB- and you really need to use gloves with them . I did n't at first and it took a while before I got the crap off my hands . I also found they did n't do a great job at removing residual dust from the wood I was working on since you could n't really run them over the wood easily . In the end , I did n't use them at all . A good lint free cloth , some compressed air and a vacuum attachment got the job done well .
 I was disappointed with this one . I was expecting it to be bigger , and stand up by itself . The weight of the cord pulls it over if it 's not `` balanced '' . Had it been bigger and stood up , it would 've been perfect . My 4 year old still loves it .
 This is a cool light and my tot loved it , but the bulb went out in less than 2 hours and you have to completly take the thing apart to put in another light bulb , the bulb was difficult to change and this light should be battery operated .
 The light was installed easily but I was very disappointed when it became clear the remote did not work . I have to turn the light on and off manually . The remote will work sometimes if I get within 6 inches of the light so what is the use of the remote . I know it should not work because I have 2 other lights like this one and they work fine .
 I received product quickly and thru some personal issues could not install for quite a while . When I finally got counter installed from Home Depot I was able to install sink . It fit the hole fine , but the underside of the sink was curved from the baking process when manufactured . I had to grind the high spots down and use extra caulking to make it work . Both my contractor and plumber told me I should have just returned it . If I had my project would have been further delayed . I feel like I got a `` Second '' or `` Re-ject '' sink . In the end I was able to make it work , but for the money ... poor quality or bad inspection ...
 I installed one connector to the cold water one connector to the hot water line in my laundry sink following the to the mfg.instruction , it does not work well at all , if you open the faucet very slow than it is fine , if you open the faucet normal speed the connector will shut the water off right away . The hot water side did not reset for a long time the cold water side reset itself fast , if you open the faucet very slow than stays open . They seting on the shelf till I will put them in the garbage .
 I ordered two pairs , a total of four . They sent one pair , a total of two . I contacted customer service . They sent out one more . Now I have a total of 3 . I contacted customer service again . They sent out a notice that the other one was backordered . I finally gave up . I paid for a total of 4 and have only received 3 so far .
 Verilux markets these bulbs to artists and others as being bright and natural light . They are dim and purplish . Useless for ambient light . Total waste of money . Very misleading product description.I have tried many bulbs across the color range from warm to cool , so I know about bulbs . Do not try to discredit my review .
 The install went fine . I had to drill some holes in my shower door -LRB- metal -RRB- to put the screws through . Three weeks later the bottom threaded piece broke off , and two weeks after that the top piece broke off , and the door handles completely fell off the door . Do not buy these .
 I recently did some chimney mortar repair on a clients million dollar home , and was extremely disappointed in this stuff . At first it seemed great , easy to use and much quicker then actual mortar . Came out looking just like wet mortar , but dried that same color . If you have to come back and paint this crap to match DRY mortar , then why not just use the real thing . Definitely wo n't get any further use from me .
 Bulb arrived on delivery date , 5/4/06 , but arrived with just paper packing around it.The bulb arrived broken . I called Home & Beyond , the customer service rep was friendly , & apologized for the problem , and said they would send a replacement right out . Well , after waiting I called this past Wed. -LRB- tried last weekend but could n't get through , just got voice mail to leave a message & they 'd call back , but I could n't even do that as the message box was full -RRB- -RRB- & the rep told me it was just ordered and they should have it Thurs. & shp in a couple of days.I then mentioned that eventhough I had needed the bulb , I could then figure on receiving the new one in about 2 wks , & he said no , sometime next week . When I first ordered this I got an email telling me the item was shipped , as of yet I still do n't have one , so I guess I was right , it will be at least 2wks , a little rediculious I must say , since I first ordered this @ the ended of April !! I will most likely not deal with Home & Beyond again and do not recommend them due to this experience .
 I purchased this bulbe for a floor lamp that required a F552D/830A bulb . It was used very little and only lasted a little over one year ! This is a F55W2D/830 bulb and should of worked for many years . I am going to try the required F552D/830A bulb instead of this one for a replacement .
 I bought two bulbs . One of them last only about 45 days . The other one is still working . We hope it will last longer .
 Bulb arrived broken . We called and were told we 'd be sent a replacement . Has n't arrived , no follow up contact . No refund . Will not use this seller again . Do n't recommend
 The people at Office Depot do n't have a clue about how to ship glass . It came in a box with no padding beneath the item , and some paper on top of it . Needless to say , when I received it , it was smashed , and I 'm still dealing with them on how to get properly credited.This was a nightmare . Never again .
 Some times it does n't come on or it does n't give full brightness ! It was a good price but if I had a choice I would not have purchased it .
 Supper fast shipping but the care of raping the bulb was much to be desired . Needless to say it was DOA . Received a full refund on the transaction and also received a reimbursement of the cost to resend the item . Do n't bother ordering bulbs or anything else that is fragile , more than like ; y it will not survive the journey .
 two bulbs and neither fit into fixture maybe my fixture is off but these did nit fit and they were the same bulb replacements .
 It worked for a day or so . Now it is useless . Is there a replacement for thisd bulb that will work ?
 I bought this replacement lamp 2D 55W Joyful Daylight 120V AC.The original GE bulb had a much warmer color and make the room verybright and yet comfortable . This replacement bulb is not recommendedand * do not * waste your money to get this bulb .
 All the packing material was on top of the 2 bulbs , one of which was broken . The paper said , `` contains mercury dispose of properly '' . So I get exposed to mercury . Not what I wanted.Does not even go into a normal bulb socket .
 While the bulb works fine , the color temperature is way off -LRB- 5000K ? -RRB- . The light output is bright , but it 's too blue for use indoors . The original GE bulb had a much warmer color to it -LRB- about 2700K -RRB- . Beware you are not getting a genuine GE light bulb here.You get what you pay for .
 We are disappointed . The lights are the correct fit for the lamp but none of them worked . When you moved the bulb you could hear a rattling noise -LRB- possibly a pin ?? -RRB- . So now we have opened all 3 packages with no success and will be sending back .
 Sometimes the bulb turns off after it has been on for awhile . First the light dims and then it goes off completely . When the lamp cools off it can be turned on again . Will need to replace it with another model .
 Bought this bulb and it worked great ... for 35 days . After the 35th day it burnt out and does n't work any more . Maybe I got the oddball lemon but buyer beware . This is not a quality product.Amazon 's return policy is 30 days but their excellent customer service offered to replace the bulb for free . For that I will give this product one extra star . Thanks Amazon !
 The product is fine . Does what it should . My problem was that the item only cost $ 1.12 , and the vendor sent it via federal express at almost $ 7 to ship . With such disregard to the customer , I would not use their service again .
 This item was n't overpriced , but it was n't even worth the small amount it cost.Some of the numbering was already worn off and the rest was n't legible .
 I used the interior wall repair product about four - five years ago through out the house . The product failed in a lot of places both walls and ceilings I would not recommend this product to be used by anyone . Stick with the old way of fiber mesh and dry wall repair paste .
 Over time , I 've bought 3 of these bulbs to replace dead bulbs in my kitchen overhead lighting . The first bulb lasted 6 months , the second 4 months , and the 3rd buld blew in the first week .
 Just received the knife today and as always , right on time Amazon . It 's an extremely solid knife and like everyone else said , heavy . Unfortunately I have to give it two stars because like several others after just a few times of putting it into the sheath I am noticing the grip peeling away from the blade . I 'm sure it will hold up , but before long it will look like a mess . I will probably send it back since for this should certainly not happen after a few pulls from the sheath .
 I bought this knife in early September , 2010 and used it for an overnight hiking trip . During the trip , I used it to split and chop a small amount of wood , something I understand that it 's not necessarily meant for . When I got back from the trip , I realized that the blade of the knife was chipped at several places . I brought the blade to Gerber -LRB- I live in Portland , OR , so it was a 30 minute round-trip drive -RRB- and was told that the knife was going to be replaced.Two weeks later , the knife arrives . Blade is still obviously chipped , no work done to repair chipping , but it seems as if the knife is sharper -- NO DOCUMENTATION is included regarding what was done to try to fix the knife . Naturally , I tried to find out . I played phone tag with the customer service center @ Gerber for a week until they finally got back to me . The representative was helpful and looked up my warranty reference number . She realized that all that had been done to my knife was a sharpening.Two questions RE
 Knife seems to be ok but mine has a blade that has a curve to it . It will function but when you hold it in your hand and look down the spine it 's very noticeable . I would think the final inspector would have seen this before it went out the door . I would exchange it but I was away when it arrived and missed the dead line for returns . This has nothing to do with Amazon , my complaint is with Gerber . American made should be a good thing , but with this knife , it has no meaning .
 I bought one and after removing it from and inserting it back into the sheath just a few times , the rubber on the handle began to separate and curl outwards . I then ordered another , took it into the woods for maybe an hour for some light use . I did little more than hack at some branches , but when I returned home I noticed the plastic bit on the handle that immediately surrounds the base of the blade -LRB- the tang -RRB- was pulling apart . Needless to say , I was very disappointed after spending quite some time researching knives and reading positive reviews about this one . I emailed pictures to Gerber and they were polite , but offered no solutions . Both knives are en-route back to Amazon.On a positive note , the sheath is of the utmost quality , very versatile , and very comfortable ! I only wish I could keep the sheath and put another more durable knife in it .
 This knife is overall a good concept/idea . However , it has a number of glaring flaws that I 'm having a hard time looking past , and that have lead me to get a SOG Seal Pup Elite instead . 1 -RRB- The serrations on the LMF are angled toward the side of the knife that is wrong for right-handers . What I mean is that the edge of the serrations is positioned and angled to the right side of the knife blade . So when widdling or cutting the edge does n't grab when holding the knife with your right hand . It just slides down the stick . If you are left handed it will work fine for you . However , for righties it 's useless . The design team lead at Gerber must be a lefty ! 2 -RRB- The knife is not full tang . The blade only goes half way into the handle and stops . It does n't span the entire length of the handle . I understand that this was designed to minimize the risk of electric shock for pilots who need to cut their way out of a downed aircraft by de-coupling the metal blade from the handle . However , for a heavy duty survival knife this presents a serious weakness . I have heard multiple cases of the blade coming loose inside the handle after being used for minor chopping or battoning . 3 -RRB- The knife ` snaps ' in and out of the sheath . The plastic sheath was designed this way so that the knife stays securely in the sheath . However , since the handle of the LMF is very soft rubber , the plastic snap system on the sheath wears away at the rubber handle from taking the knife in and out . This wear happens VERY quickly . 4 -RRB- This knife is very heavy for this size of knife . It is the heaviest knife I 've used . I ca n't imagine backpacking for hours with this thing strapped to my leg or belt . 5 -RRB- The black paint wears off of the blade almost immediately . There 's not much point in painting a blade since it 's just going to wear off immediately anyway !
 The knife arrived in a ripped Gerber box . Upon opening , the pommel has scarring all over it and the worst part , the smooth part of the blade has gouging marks that are pretty deep . I paid for a new knife and I was sent a used one . Unacceptable .
 I bought this knife mainly for its sturdieness and versatility . When i got it , i opened up the package and found that the sheith is so incredibly bulky and not monuverable i am returning it . Also the handle is of the most not ergonomic designs i have ever seen . This knife would not be good for anything but playing rambo and killing people
 I have an interior kitchen and after reading the reviews on this light bulb I thought this is the one I have to have . I do n't like them at all for the kitchen it gives off a soft amber glow and not a bright white lighting like I wanted , this light would be much better for a bedroom . Will be replacing them right away .
 Only $ 0.95 but it costs about $ 5.00 to ship each one !! Not a deal !
 these bulbs say 100 watt but there not giving the voltage on these whyare they keeping it off the talk if there 130 volts these wont light up enough as a 120 volt 100 watt bulb . these are the new world order bulb and old home arent designed for the low wattage with the old fixtures . why not put there 130 volts or not tricky arent there . wake up to the new third world take over
 I purchased the 4-Pack and all 4 were burnt out in less than a week ... I 've had previous success with these GE bulbs , but this batch has a VERY short lifespan .
 Folks
 The other night my husband and I were sleeping when we heard a noise downstairs . I turned the light on and HOLY HELL ! I thought I was sleeping next to Rocky Dennis ! I reached for the phone to report this night stalker to the police when I realized it was my husband . He explained how he replaced a burnt out light bulb in our bedroom with one of these GE Reveal bulbs . These reveal bulbs definitely work . The question is , do you really want them to ? I sure did n't . I was happy thinking my husband was relatively attractive . Happy ... even if I was dead wrong.Oh , and the noise downstairs was only our cat Buttons . Who was later revealed to be a dog .
 This is only 4 bulbs total . I saw another reviewer mention that but I figured that they were just mistaken . When Amazon listed the total price immediately followed by the price per PACK -LRB- not `` bulb '' -RRB- , it can lead you to think that this is for a 4 pack of 4 bulbs each . Shame on you Amazon . I 'll take my business elsewhere , like the big box stores , where they 're half the cost .
 I 've used GE Reveal bulbs almost everywhere in my home for several years now . I love the way they bring out and enhance colors and mood . The only major drawback to these , is the EXTREMELY short lifespan . It is not untypical for bulbs to last barely a month or two with infrequent usage . Sadly other ` normal ' incandescents will last years with the same amount of usage.Suspecting an issue with bulb life but not having any proof , I loaded a two-light fixture with one Reveal and one standard GE incandescent . Sure enough , the Reveal lasted barely 1/4 of the time of the standard incandescent . This would n't be so much a problem if the bulbs were affordable , but of course the fetch a premium price . So I 'm paying double -LRB- or more -RRB- the money , and get 1/4 the life of a normal bulb . Simply not worth it in the final analysis . I am now slowly switching back to standard incandescents as I blow through the final stock of my Reveals.I have to give this product 2 of 4 stars , simply for the lifespan issue . Sad , unfortunately .
 2 out of 4 bulbs blew their filaments barely two months after installing . The quality of light is pretty good , I do see a difference between these and normal incandenscent bulbs , but what 's the point if they ca n't last long . Going back to full-spectrum fluorescent until GE fixes this issue .
 Purchased this item to help in field dressing my own deer . After one cutting the bone blade was bent . Flimsy but can still cut . Just makes it difficult .
 I got this in the attempt to replace a nasty blueish fluorescent , but found that it is quite yellow and quite dim . At least for the bulb I got , I 'm not sure where they got the `` reveal '' idea , given the amount of yellow . So though it 's probably a perfectly good bulb -LRB- and is nice and small -RRB- , only one star , because it does n't do the one thing it claims it does , provide clean non-yellowish light .
 I tried one of these and really liked how you could swivel the light to point where you wanted it to . Went out and bought quite a few more to use all around the house . Unfortunately none of them lasted more than a few months and you can not replace the bulb . I also tried a few fluorescent night lights that promised long life but none of them lasted more than a year . Now I am trying out various LED nightlights trying to find one that provides a good light . I have never had an LED light burn out but most either have a lot of glare when there is n't any other source of light or they do n't put out enough light to do any good . Still looking .
 I purchased and installed one of these in September , and was pretty satisfied with the light . However , three months later , it stopped working . When I touched it , the light appeared to go on again , but off as soon as I removed my hand.I have had lights similar to this in the past , but all others have lasted much longer than this . I guess I 'll plug in the second one to see how long it works .
 Purchased one month ago and now only one works . Wonder how long the 2nd one will last .
 These are bound to burn out at some point soon . They get HOT to the touch . Sure , they rotate and give off a warmer light , but that does n't make up for a potential fire hazard . Returning asap ...
 You ca n't replace the battery . I 'm stunned and shocked as I realize how irresponsible this product is ... and how deceptive the marketing . `` Lifelong warranty , '' `` batteries ... never need replacing '' They never need replacing because they Ca n't be replaced ; the flashlight is sealed . Which makes the lifetime warranty absurd , does n't it ! -LRB- note the warranty excludes the battery -RRB- . But worst is the environmental irresponsibility here . Each of these flashlights sold will be thrown away when the battery is used up !!! Will the recycling people even take this in the battery collection box ? It may say sealed , but battery fluid will eventually leak out , and where will it be ? in a landfill ? I bought the flashlight for my mom for its nifty size and because of the LED light - yes , I was actually thinking conservation when I grabbed the flashlight ! Ha ! Then I went to change the battery for her and realized I could n't . So for anyone with concerns about the environment , ALERT - look for an LED flashlight with replaceable batteries !
 These bulbs only lasted an average of 3 weeks in low-use sockets where we have had bulbs last for 6 years . They do give a nice light , so I gave them 2 stars , but they are n't worth it if they do n't last .
 These bulbs just do n't last long . I installed probably around 20 in various fixtures throughout my house . Some faster than others , they started to die a premature death . I 'm not sure why they go so quickly , but it 's just not worth using these bulbs . The color is ok , but nothing to write home about . It certainly does not make up for the fact that these must just be made cheaply and burn out very fast.I will not be buying more , nor would I recommend these .
 Maybe I got a bad batch . But one light went out after two weeks of intermittent use . The other two are still working after four weeks but I am wondering fit its worth the cost . A bit disappointed .
 The bulbs are great . I have to give 1 star because 1 bulb out of 4 burned out the moment I turned on the lamp . Others worked fine in the same lamp , so I have to assume it was the bulb . So - you might not be getting as super a cost deal as this appears to be . Packing protection in the box was minimal for a light bulb . This may be the culprit .
 I 'd really gives these `` Zero '' stars if possible becauses these bulbs are dangerous.I have found a significant difference in light and enjoyed the warmth created by the light spectrum . However , 6 bulbs have come crashing down . It was priceless , as he gazed up at the recessed light fixture with that `` you 're crazy , light bulbs do n't fall unless they 've come unscrewed and you just need to screw them in tighter '' look the glass bulb fell , hit him and then broke into pieces . My point was made without any further discussion.My house is over 10 years old and these are the first bulbs to ever crack and fall . Several others broke as we began to unscrew them . The first time it happened I thought it was the pack/batch -LRB- Home Depot purchase - they 're known for cheapening the quality standards to get the lower price -RRB- and so I tried a pack from a different retailer . Same results.Removing the metal piece from the socket without getting harmed added to the overall experience .
 I would say the the light is different . Like those people who put the blue headlights in their car trying to be like an expensive car ? Not sure if its better or worse , just different . I am using the 75 watt flood lamps in 6 '' recessed can lights in my office . I have them on a dimmer , and have tried several very expensive dimmers in an attempt to make the horrible filament buzz go away , to no avail . I will never buy these bulbs again . They are really cheaply made , and also have a very short life .
 The item is pictured with the center piece -- It did NOT come with this item and I was unable to find the appropriate piece to fit the inside so the item was un-useable . Not to mention one of the items was broken upon receipt
 Amazon and Brandsplacemust not talk much . I tried to order this and it is no longer available . They should remove the listing .
 First off , build quality is poor . Flat bar used as center braces was cut too short , maybe 3/8 to 1/2 inch . Rather than get a piece that is cut to proper length , the welder tried to weld the short piece into place . On one weld in particular , the weld length is less than a quarter inch long . The rest of the `` Open Air '' weld was just left , poor workmanship!Holes are punched , not drilled . When you punch tubing , it dents it in , looks to be about a 1/4 inch on both sides.I know I will be welding on this in the near future.As far as `` Adjustable working width , 18-Inch - 42-Inch for versatility '' , that is misleading . Yes you can move the tines narrower , but the implement frame is still 42 '' , it does not adjust like other brands .
 I thought it might help break up the soil around my home . It barely made a scratch on the dirt even with 3 cinderblocks on top . I even sharpened the edges thinking it just needed a little help . No such luck . It must be for situations where the dirt is nice and soft and loamy to begin with .
 I am guessing that the disc may work on soil that is already tilled and nearly ready to plant . I hoped it would cut through sod , but in spite of how much weight I added no luck .
 I stripped exactly 2 wires with this product . The next time I tried it , some plastic bushing inside snapped and a couple of parts flew out
 The item I recieved , when used with 24 AWG wires , ripped the ends of the wire off . I recommend paying a few more bucks and getting a different wire stripper.On the upside , I had no problems returning it .
 OK , It was fast , and it rolled evenly , but a couple of problems surfaced . You had to really feather the trigger to prevent splatter , and if you forgot , you had to stop for cleanup , especially on the ceiling . I had to go back to a conventional roller . I could load paint and roll a room in about 20 minutes , but trying to actually use it comfortably just was n't happening . I am in pretty good shape and it wore me out . Also , do n't buy the roller cleaner with this product . it does n't work with the power roller , but does work great with a conventional roller
 I bought this item to aid me in painting my house on the outside . It hooks on to the sprayer by its long arm and trying to paint somthing on a ladder with this added roller requires very long arms and a person who has three hands , two to work the device and one to hang on to the ladder . Flat surface painting might be alright but in my case it was no good .
 I 've had good experience will all my Wagner purchases up to this point so I thought that the paint crew roller would be no different . I 'm a semi professional painter and when painting a rental house I thought I 'd try out this roller for my airless sprayer . The paint delivery worked fine ; it was just the strange bend in the roller assembly that made work very awkward . As well , a swivel attachment is a must otherwise the hose is a bear to deal with .
 This seems like a good idea , BUT !! The roller is held on by a ring of barbed fingers that are supposed to hold onto a collar of the roller cover holder . The problem is that the collar has rounded edges , I assume so you can remove the roller , that `` let go '' when you `` pull the trigger '' of the paint sprayer . The Paint Crew develops enough pressure , with these newer and thicker latex paints , to blow the cover off the arm assembly . Needless to say you get a paint-bath if you are doing a ceiling ... guess how I know that !! Good idea but poor design !! Other ones I have used have a positive system for holding the roller on that is not a handy dandy snap on plastic toy ... . but a threaded screw type of retainer to hold the roller on ...
 The seal on the roller started to drip after about an hour . I was painting a 2 story room and didnt notice all the drips that had fallen onto the lower portion of the wall until some of them had already dried and are now a fixture on my wall . Im not all that impressed with it .
 Never did get this product to work . Called supplier and never got a answer . Throw it in the garbage . Will not go that route again .
 The product does protect against any liquid I could throw at it but rips very easily and sticks to skin and clothing easily . Do not recommend if you plan on crouching at all.Also note that the zipper will easily come off if pulled too quickly . This model easily fits a male up to 6 ' 3 '' and 250 pounds .
 works good but the on/off button does not function properly , when you shut if off it usually comes right back on . you have to lay it down and than shut it off !
 I bought these calipers because I did n't want to have to spend $ 100 + on calipers just yet , and was pretty excited when they arrived . They feel pretty solid overall and come in a decent plastic case . The LCD is nice and big and very easy to read . I had them for roughly a week and finally got to use them to measure a small part . I noticed that the wheel that moves the caliper head was very difficult to turn . I picked them up a week later while I was on the phone just to look at them , and the wheel assembly snapped right off ! Screw that ! The plastic holding the wheel on broke right off ... and I do n't have monster hands or anything . I was just observing the calipers and bam , no calipers ... I might have had a lemon , but I keep remembering , `` You get what you pay for '' .
 This is a bad product . The device needs recalibration at every stage and even then refuses to give an accurate reading . I am going back to the classic vernier caliper .
 When this arrived , I noticed right away it only had one scale on the rule , metric , in large simple numbering and crude scaling , NOT the dual SAE and Metric like in the photos.I tried turning it on , nothing . Tried the new battery it comes with as a spare -- and the digital read out came on for a few seconds , not giving any useful measurement information . Then the liquid crystal display kind of fluttered and froze up . I checked the instructions , which are crudely translated english , and found them to be worthless for troubleshooting this problem.Putting some finger pressure on the battery case would cause the LCD screen to flicker a bit , but nothing.The calipers then went back in the case , then in the box and off to the post office for a return ...
 Very durable product , but digital gauge was defective . Was n't able to zero out and numbers kept jumping in random increments .
 5 weeks after installing the Watts Flood Safe supply line it broke at between the supply connection and the anti-flood valve . The product itself created a flood . Of course , according to the warranty , they will replace the product , but not take responsibility for the damage they did . I would never install another of these lines - never , never , never !
 I found the product to be useless for two reasons -LRB- i -RRB- Creates a lot of vibration . On connecting the connector , I found that not only the connecting pipe but my whole house was vibrating in a crazy way . If I keep the water pressure really low -LRB- by turning down the supply valve -RRB- , the vibrations go away . I tried disconnecting and reconnecting it multiple times , nothing worked . -LRB- ii -RRB- The product does prevent floods but only in very-very specific cases . Ironically , those cases are least likely too . For example , if your pipe is not connected properly at supply end , it would not prevent flooding . If you faucet sink was blocked and water was overflowing from sink on the floor , again it would not prevent . Further , it would not prevent flooding if leakage at any point is less than 2.5 GPM . The only case when it prevents floods is when somebody cuts off the braided hose . I think the probability of somebody entering my house and cutting the hose is very close to zero . In any case , that miscreant can also remove the connector instead of just cutting the hose , so floodsafe wont help in that case either . So , all in all , this product is completely useless .
 great tool but it was sent to me with a missing tool and is going to cost me more to return for a replacement
 Another update ... Amazon has had this one sink in stock since my first attempt to buy it at the same or a price close to the other faucet hole configurations ... when the friendly customer service rep tried to explain to me why it was more expensive to have less holes on some sinks and less expensive to have more holes on other configurations . Well ... if you figure it out -LRB- especially since Elkay has same list price on all -RRB- do n't bother trying to explain it to me I am obviously to stupid.But my update story is ... Amazon has raised and lowered the price on this one single sink ... without ever selling one ... probably 6 to 8 times . Their latest ploy was to raise the price of the four hole even higher ... to make the five hole look like a bargain ???? I am truly dumbstruck -LRB- that 's a joke eh ? -RRB- , speechless and amazed . Well let 's just say amazed.Because I felt offended , since my unofficial semi-boycott of Amazon , I have bought a chainsaw , computer , high end digital camera , Microsoft software and some other assorted goods elsewhere that I otherwise would have bought from Amazon . I also subscribed to Netflix rather than Amazon prime ... but given the money Amazon loses on Prime ... they are probably happy about that.Well , I 've found some other very good sources with very similar if not exact prices -LRB- that do n't bounce around in irrationally exuberant patterns -RRB- during my one man boycott . Some of those providers even have customer service reps located in the USA . But ... I digress.Well ... here 's an update ... at least the JERKS at Amazon have a sense of humor !!!! I noticed on August 3 , 2012 ... they dropped the prices on the other sinks and just left the 5 hole that I need $ 98 - $ 112 more than the other three versions ... 1 hole = $ 232.273 hole = $ 246.094 hole = $ 246.095 hole $ 344.00 ... that will teach me to say anything bad about Amazon 's insane robo-pricing ... EH?Unfortunately , my review will have to wait ... because Amazon has some kind of messed up pricing structure on these sinks . See i.e. the pricing discrepancies between the three hole $ 248.86 and the five hole $ 344.00 Just for grins they also have different prices on the one and three hole versions ... all of which have the same list price from Elkay.So when I was conversing with the `` not from USA customer service rep '' and trying not to laugh out loud at her on the phone when she tried to explain how the number of holes were the reason for the cost differences ... the sink vanished from my cart -LRB- I was going to buy it anyway at that time for $ 314 -RRB- But when I went back to re-add it to my cart ... the computer pricing program had decided to raise the five hole another $ 30 ... to $ 344 . Sayonara ... I can get a sink locally for $ 250-ish ... but hey are back ordered so either I get another five hole sink or wait up to ten weeks.While that may be undecided ... what is not ... is I will limit my Amazon purchase in every way imaginable ... not because of the price issue but because they treated me like a mushroom ... you know ... keep in dark and feed BS !
 These goggles are comfortable for goggles , but not very useful for many things outside of shop class . My school sold these for chemistry class , which made no sense since the soft plastic lense is easily dissolved by solvents . They also scratch easily , and are clearly labeled as not for paintball or airsoft use . All this lends me to wonder what these are even made for aside from a little wood shop work?The lenses are replaceable , but at 5 $ each / w s/h , whats the point of getting more of these crappy lenses ?
 decided to follow through with the purchase after reading the reviews . after 15 mins of airsoft i found the googles to be impossible to play with . the fog was horrible .
 These work great unless you 're using the smaller sized bits . I have a Bosch Impacter that I use to drive these and I 've broken two of the medium/small sized bits . I do n't recall the sizes but they were for 1/4-20 and 10-24 flat head cap screws . It was a royal pain trying to remove the screws after the ball end broke off -- it required grinding a slot in the head of the screw in order to use a screwdriver to try and break it free . Not fun at all!I still use the larger sized bits , but I go back to hand wrenches when I need to work with the smaller sizes . I just do n't trust them !
 I bought this set for my shop sink . I 'm there 3 or 4 times a week so the idea that it shuts off the water with excessive flow caught my attention . When installing , the nut connecting the new line to the water valve leaked , as I tightened it up the nut separated from the rest of the new line and water sprayed until I shut off the valve . I hope this was a manufacturing defect and not a normal occurrence . I hesitate to use this product again .
 This product is very fragile , and should not be sold . They have a check valve built into them which gets clogged with sediment as soon as the water is turned on . It does not shut the water off as they advertise , but only surges . The metal clip holding the lower connector onto the valve does not hold the swivel base properly . It could easily pop off under pressure if it 's tightened to make it firm . The company sent me a claim form in an email with a note saying to hand tighten only , then turn with a wrench 1/4 turn . It will leak or come apart if it 's not tight enough , and will separate if it 's tightened or under pressure so you ca n't win either way . I installed this in an attic apartment for a customer , and then received a call in the middle of the night about their tenant 's ceiling collapsing because it separated . There are other people other than myself who have had this happen to them .
 First $ 42 + for a hammer holder ? I paid about $ 5 . The swinging arms are cheap stamped steel and are very sharp , tear up fiberglass or wood shafts . Stee thin shaft hammers are hard to place as they often slide between the opening and not open the arms . On removing the sharp edges catch and cause the hammer to pull . I tried to soothe the dges but no sucess as the steel is so soft and thin . Very frustrating . The price here must be a joke .
 this looks like the correct splash guard but it is not . I could not make it fit . I tried to return it to the shipper but could not . Some things just should not be ordered online .
 I purchased this bar sink for my RV . It looked great from the photo and description . The sink cost a fair amount , when it arrived it I was disappointed to say the least . -LRB- apparently Ackralac is greek for `` ridiculously overpriced , brittle black plastic '' -RRB- . I may have kept the thing but the drain hole was drilled off center as were both of the faucet holes . what a joke . sent it back immediately.on a positive note , amazon took care of business and refunded my card quickly .
 I cetainly did not expect to receive cheap looking peace of junk made out of black plastic . They send me a bag of parts , including some sort of collar , without any pictures or instructions at all . This purchase was a total waste of my time and the money I had to spend to ship their junk back and forth .
 100 watts for a gun is n't much power . I mainly wanted it to use on my guitars but it does n't get hot enough to connect the wires to the back of the potentiometers -LRB- and yes , the tip was screwed in tight -RRB- . All three tips are the same and are not very precise.Very cheap unit . Okay for small wiring but any mass will not heat up enough for solder flow .
 We 've had this kit for one day and we 've discovered a major design flaw . It rained today , and the spotlights collect water if you aim them upwards -LRB- for instance towards a tree -RRB- . The rubber seal is designed to be water resistant but not water proof . It is not designed to be immersed in water . As a result , the water leaked past the seal where it was now trapped inside the semi-sealed compartment . Light bulb wire will rust out in a matter of a couple weeks under these conditions . I did a search on other review sites and sure-enough , people are having to replace the bulbs every few weeks . Fortunately I identified the problem quickly . I am now considering whether to return them or attempt to fix the design flaw myself . Malibu
 I ordered `` purple '' haze safety glasses ... two pair for my daughter and a co-worker who 's favorite color is purple ! The picture looks purple , but when I received them ... they are blue . I am very disappointed about the color as I really wanted them to be purple , but the quality of the glasses is good . I would send them back , but it 's really not worth the trouble for such a low priced item .
 Copied from the product page : Sold by Reds Gear and Fulfilled by Amazon.Product SpecificationsPart Number M2A026Color
 this tool is not even suitalbe for a hobbyist . even though the whole tool was saking in oil inside the packaging , there was still corrosion present , specially on the heads and on the locking screws .
 Followed instructions as available , used thinned automotive paint . Unfortunately the spray gun did NOT perform at all.Would NOT recommend for auto paint . Perhaps water based paints for artwork type uses are fine ...
 I read about this product in Sunset magazine and was very exicted . I like to paint old furniture and thought this tool would save me alot of time and energy . Silly me ! I purchased two units -LRB- one as a backup -RRB- from Lowes for 5 $ each , with the intent of buying a larger kit from the manufacturer if I liked it . I am now glad I chose to be cautious.I diluted latex primer according to the label directions , 4 oz of primer to 1 oz of water . When I started painting , the sprayer spurted primer for a moment then stopped . I tried again . Still nothing . Thinking it needed more time for the primer to work its way through the system , I held the button down for 10 seconds . Nothing came out.I then added more water , all the way up to the fill line on the bottle -LRB- I estimate about another ounce of water -RRB- . It sill would not spray . I tried the same mixture in the second sprayer , and that behaved the same way.I did n't add any more water to the mix because I was concerned the primer would be too thin . I got out my rollers and brushes and painted the piece by hand . Both -LRB- used -RRB- sprayers are going back to Lowes ; thank goodness I saved the receipt.I liked the idea of having a small sprayer for small jobs , which is what most of mine are . Preval has a great concept ; now all they need is a product that actually works !
 Purchased the G1033X in March of 08 and in February of 09 had to replace the bearings for the cutterhead . Talked to Grizzly and because under warranty , they sent new ones . It was definitely not an easy replacement . January 10 had to replace bearings again . Before purchasing this planer , beware of the cost of the replacement carbide inserts . They are $ 62.95 per 10 pack . I need to replace all , as I have used all 4 sides , and it will cost me roughly $ 650 to do so ! Grizzly offers no volume discount on carbide inserts . Whether you buy 10 or 1000 , the cost is still $ 6.30 each . It is almost cheaper to replace the cutterhead with a Byrd -LRB- certainly cheaper in the long-run -RRB- . When I talked to Grizzly , they said `` That 's why not many people purchase this planer ... '' . If I had to do it over again , I would have purchased a standard 4 knife planer and upgraded to the Byrd spiral cutterhead . It would have been MUCH cheaper .
 My rating is based on a combination of performance and price . The performance is adequate ; the blade manages to cut through branches and does so about as well as my $ 10 bow saw from a big-box hardware store . This saw can fit in narrower places , but only about as well as the $ 5 Black Friday special I got at the same big box . The ARS blade is somewhat flimsy , and the handle to blade angle makes sawing something of a chore in some positions . If the saw cost less than $ 15 , I might give it 3 stars.The price is horrendous . I suppose some people pay more for saws so view this as a bargain , but my price point is a lot lower . I got this expecting it to do more than my other saws , and it does n't . If you have money to burn , this might be the saw for you . There may not be many saws out there that are all that much better , but there are definitely ones as good for less than 1/3 the price .
 Like other reviewers , I can not stress enough ... do not waste your money !!! We have this unit in our home . It worked great for the first 10 days , then no hot water . We had our gas company come out and had to pay them to sit in our house on hold for two hours with the Bosch 's tech line . The technician had to leave because he had other service calls lined up for the day . Finally another technician was able to get through and Bosch asked questions until they found a good enough reason to deny our warranty , and then hung up on our gas company technician without even helping him to diagnose the problem . Since , I have sent numerous letters and emails to Bosch to complain and try to get some help fixing the water heater , and have received no replies . Our gas company called in their own `` expert '' , so we then had to pay for two techs to work on the unit for about half a day , -LRB- not to mention our time lost at work -RRB- , and the part they replaced cost about $ 450 , plus labor . Now we are still getting error codes , we have to reset the heater everytime we want to shower or clean dishes , all of this on a unit that is only 10 months old !
 I would rate the unit at a negative 100 . One of the worst items I purchased . Water would fluctuate , be too hot to stand on the lowest settings . This was installed by professionals in a new house . I got several error codes . Finally had enough and called tech support . I was on the phone 2 hours the first time I called and that was on hold . Then I spent another hour playing games with the unit.We spent over 10 hours talking to tech support over a month 's period . I had to switch the unit on and off to get a bath . Tech support said the supplier told me the wrong unit to buy . Another tech support told me that that was wrong . I had to take off a lot of time to get the gas and plumbing installers to come back and check their work which was correct.Finally I had enough and called the supplier . They worked with me to get me a credit . By the way that supplier no longer sells Bosch . Just give me your money instead of buy the Bosch unit . I can hand deliver consistent and dependable hot water better than Bosch . Oh yeah and you can get a straight answer from me without the long wait . Maybe the long wait shows that there are a lot of consumers that are having the same problems .
 This unit was a complete shambles of engineering . We purchased this for our home and instead of endless hot water ended up with no hot water for two weeks . It was due to condensation entering the unit and filling the gas valve inside the unit . This part incidentally costs $ 450 according to the plumber.We did the right thing and contacted Bosch . Just so you know , be prepared to wait up to an hour plus to get through to someone . They sent out the new valve but did n't mention it would take a week to get here via Fedex ground . That would have been another week if we had n't called them to overnight the part.After haranguing tech support we had a plumber out to install the new valve . He managed to flood it as well probably due to inexperience . The lesson here is to make sure you use a Bosch recommended plumber . You 'll find them at their website.That done , Bosch sent out another valve by which time we just returned the unit to Lowe 's . This was day 10 without hot water and enough was enough . They did offer to come out and repair the unit but having seen the plumber attempt to use a shop vac to suck out the water left the internal fan making groaning sounds . It just was n't worth being repaired to ` like new ' condition anymore.As it turns out Tech support was accommodating enough to send out another Bosch certified plumber to check my installation of the new unit . It was another Bosch only because they are the only manufacturer of tankless units using 3 '' flues . The others use 4 '' and it would have cost another $ 400 to buy a new stainless steel flue system.The new unit is sold as the 2400ES and seems to be a totally new model regardless of the badging . I 'm quietly hopeful that it will redeem Bosch as a maker of quality appliances and tools.If anyone is curious , it takes about 90mins of your day to boil up enough water on your stovetop to have enough water for your bath . Do that a few times and it gets old very fast .
 I purchased an InSinkerator less than 12 months ago . Recently the casing began leaking . When I called to gain assistance , I learned I was speaking with a call center in the Philippines . Not only did they have difficulty understanding what I was saying , they were not able to answer any of my basic questions about repair response . The individual on the phone could only tell me who to call locally for repair . They only had one option and they had no after hours access.I called the local representative for repair and he never called back . I had to place another call to the repairman . He indicated it would be 3-4 days to get the system in stock , then 1 - 2 days before he would be able to schedule the repair . It was clearly a individually owned repair shop , versus anyone I had ever heard of . He threatened to refuse to do the repair as I was not satisfied with his scheduling , which put me at almost a week out from the date of the call - with no ability to use my sink and/or dishwasher . Sadly , because he is the only authorized representative to fix the system . In addition , he is the only person who can determine if the system is faulty and if he determines in his opinion it is not , he has to be paid $ 85.00 . There is no other avenue to have the system assessed for warranty.To say this company has a significant lack of customer service is an understatement . I would n't buy this product again , although I like the product . To have such difficulty gaining assistance with my warranty was a disappointment .
 This could be a nice product . It is expensive enough to make me think lots of positive things about the product and the company . The disposer did not have all of the parts included . The missing part is one that is installed at the factory and is not sold separately . A week has passed since I called the Customer Support at InSinkErator . The initial promise was to send me the part FED EX two day delivery . I called again on Wednesday and I could not get any information from the Customer support person other than the problem was logged in . No shipping date nor carrier was available . This is very frustrating that they would let a product ship with out proper quality control and now be so unresponsive after their mistake .
 this has to the loudest disposal ever and it said it was very quiet , not much that can be done now
 I have bought InSinkErrator before but now it is junk . I had to buy a insert for $ 50 extra for it to work with a cast iron sink . I was willing to do that but that did not end my problems . The cover is a piece of junk that fills up with waste when you use the disposal . Furthermore to fill the sink when you want to you must turn the insert over and you have to keep moving it to get the exact spot where it will hold water . What a junk disposal the company now makes . It use to be good just four or five years ago . Do not buy it .
 I have owned several Insinkerator disposals and have been generally satisfied with all of them . The EXCEL model is very quiet but agonizingly slow to drain . When rinsing dishes , the drainage is not fast enough to keep up and the sink fills with water and waste even with the disposer turned on . This did not happen with previous models . The new baffle design is supposed to be an improvement but I think it is a giant leap backwards . In a complaint directly to the manufacturer , they said there is no alternate baffle available . I do n't know if the lesser models now have the same baffle , but if they do , I surely will not buy another Insinkerator .
 A cheaply made product with a flimsy tin hub that requires a 3M adapter to mount it on grinder . After doing the required to mount this disk I realize that the safety shield on the grinder would have removed because the disk rubs the shields rollover edge due to its extended height because of the quick change adapter.I suggest the Norton Clean Strip disk that is basically the same but better IMO at a lower cost and has a solid metal hub built into every disk , there is no fiddling with an adapter just unscrew the old disk and screw the new on the shaft . I did n't even need tools to do this . BTW my grinder is an older B&D ; 4 1/2 '' compact angle grinder with a shaft lock so later models and other brands may be different.I decided to try the 3M disk to see if it would last longer than the Norton . If you are doing any serious work the disk do n't last very long , I doubt the 3M would last any longer maybe not as long considering the cheap construction and since I have had a chance to inspect both .
 I bought two of these tarps to cover my boat for the winter . They are the thinnest tarps I have ever seen . I ended up buying a good silver tarp just in case and then using this blue tarp on top of the other . In less than 4 weeks you can already see through the blue tarp and it has the stretch marks that you usually see after 12-18 months . We have not even had any bad weather yet . I doubt the blue trap will survive the first good storm . The blue tarp is also already shedding little blue pieces , the type of deterioration that one usually sees at the end of a tarps life . Unfortunately I bought two of these . You may think you are getting a good deal because of the price , but what you are getting is landfill plastic !
 If you do construction work , do not buy this item . I bought it for my husband for Christmas and after two uses , the plastic latch broke . Returned it for a refund .
 I 've been using a Bucket Boss Builders Rig for about 10 years now . I volunteer twice a week at Habitat for Humanity , so it gets pretty heavy use . The first belt I bought lasted me about 5 years . The second one lasted two and was made of different material . The third one has only lasted a few months and the bags are falling apart . The material is n't as stiff as it used to be , so my cats paw falls through it 's holder . There are two holes in the other bag already too . While I 've enjoyed using this light-weight belt , I 'm now searching for a better built replacement because Bucket Boss has reduced the quality of the material to the point where it is n't a good purchase anymore .
 The tool bags themselves are acceptable albeit a little thin . The tool belt which I thought from the picture had velcro padded wrap around with tool belt closure is actually a thin nylon strap with waist adjustment that required me to sew it to size and the plastic clasp does not easily stay closed . Had I known I definitely would have purchased another only slightly more expensive tool bag .
 The belt is light , padding is nice , but the buckle itself has started constantly coming unbuckled a lot on it 's own while I 'm moving around . I 've not even used it much , and the plastic in the buckle has just become very flexible/weak , and now it just unbuckles itself making the belt unusableMy advice is to get a belt buckle with prongs -LRB- normal style tool belt -RRB- , which would n't have this problem .
 I really hate this toolbelt . I like a lot of Bucket Bros. other products -LRB- especially the bucket organizers -RRB- , but this belt was a real disappointment.The tape holder does n't fit a 25 ' tape very well -LRB- too shallow and wide -RRB- , and its too close to the belt for fasteners - they want to pour out when you bend over . The pockets are largely unstructured , so your tools just kind of float around inside , banging into each other and making it hard to fish the right tool out . The outer pockets are too small to hold normal tools securely . Note in the picuture that they 've got something like two or three pencils in them -LRB- ! -RRB- . The worst thing about this setup , though , is that the bags have oversized loops that sit over a fairly narrow belt -LRB- albiet with some sort of stiffener in it so it buckles less than it might otherwise -RRB- . The net result is that when you bend forward , the bags come sliding forward , and when you straighten back up , you have to shift 'em back.On top of that , the stiff part of the belt only extends about 2/3 of its length , so tools like your tape holder and drill holster end up hanging from a narrow web belt , and drooping down.I finally had to strap on a pair of suspenders to keep the whole rig from sliding apart everytime I unbuckled the belt.I have a CLC electricians bag with a velcro on the loops to keep the bags in place , and a Skillers system that uses loops and velcro straps - both systems do a far better job of keeping the bag together -LRB- though they each have their problems , as well -RRB- . On the positive side , the materials the Builder 's rig is made up from are durable , and the price is quite reasonable compared to , say , an Occidental Leather setup . If you 're a homeowner carrying a light load , or invest in a pair of suspenders , you can make it work OK .
 I am a carpenter , and have been for sixteen years . I have tried many different bag setups over the years , from front pouches , which I find convienient but very hot on my legs and dificult to walk with while wearing , to my favorite , two seperate bags sitting on the outside of my hips . The Builders rig bags are way too short , so they sit up at an awkward hight and the tool pouches on the inside of the big pouches get jambed up with fasteners . The entire set up is very awkward . Not what you want to deal with at work .
 I recently purchased a 1.5 MCP dorcy spotlight to replace an older model dorcy spotlight that recently failed . The old light was excellant . The new light looks identical , but is lighter and seems to be made of a more brittle plastic . The switch assembly works differently.When I first received the new spotlight , I charged it for 12-15 hrs . as instructed . The bulb lit , but was not very bright . I took it to my mailbox , but the light went dead just as I got there -LRB- approx 300 ft. -RRB- I recharged the spotlight for several more hrs. , but the light never lit after that . This new light does not appear to have near the quality as my older dorcy spotlight . I received my old light as a gift and do n't know the price or the store where it was purchased .1.5 MCP SpotlightI called the company , where purchased , and they are to send me a new light .
 I was looking for a cell phone holster for my new Droid Razr with an Otterbox Commuter case attached . It 's not a small phone , so I was careful about checking each holster 's dimensions . Regrettably , the dimensions are not shown for most holsters , so I searched several sites to find that the Bucket Boss 99110 was 3.5 '' wide . That was a critical dimension , because my phone and its case measure 3 '' wide.I even checked the Bucket Boss Website 's catalog and confirmed the 3.5 '' dimension.Received the product today and the phone can barely be squeezed into the holster , and then , it 's really tough to get it out again . I measured the actual width and found it was close to 3.125 inches , and that 's on the rear surface ; the pocket itself is smaller.I called Bucket Boss and was told that they had received similar complaints . Apparently they have n't had enough complaints to update their online catalog.It 's probably a very good product for the right-sized phones , but not for mine . Because the dimensions are clearly incorrect on the manufacturer 's site , and also because Amazon did n't provide much information , I 'm giving it only one star in the hope that someone else with a Motorola Droid Razr wo n't make the same mistake.I 've already returned it to Amazon with their super-easy return procedure . They 're great .
 Do not recommend . The clip came off the back of the holster within 3 days of light use ! Found another good phone holster in a local store .
 Currently , we 're remodeling our bathroom and my uncle recommended this brand . When I first received this faucet , there were black marks all over the base . I requested a replacement and the second one had even more black marks . These marks can not be removed because they seem to be part of the finish . The faucet seems sturdy enough and would look fine if it was n't for the marks . I am very disappointed with this purchase .
 Had three of these installed in new home . After 3 years , 2 needed repair . Chose to replace them with another brand due to poor craftmanship . All of the other name brand faucets in home have held up extremely well and had no problems . Would stay away from this brand altogether-our very expensive kitchen faucet which is also Kohler -LRB- Kallista -RRB- has been nothing but trouble too .
 This product is great ... if you only want to see the color when you 're staring directly at it . The point of chromotherapy is to relax with soothing colors , not to sit upright and stare at something . I was hoping that it would actually cast light into the room , but , alas , I was disappointed . The light sensor does n't even work . I have to turn it off every morning .
 Go to a hardware store . These people think these are made of gold . You get a small baggy and still have to go get other washers at the local hardware .
 These batteries have not lasted as long as the original NiCad batteries they replace . My drill has very little torque or duration even immediately after charging .
 Tested on two new sets Milwaukee 18V NiCads and two sets of new Milwaukee 18V Li-Ions . Fully charge the Li-Ions and within a week its down one bar and within 6 months it 's fully discharged . This does not happen on my Milwaukee NiCads , which has plenty of power after 6 months in storage . Further , the NiCad run time is 30 % longer than the Li-Ions . Go figure , does not go with the amp-hours ratings , as run times should be much longer on the Li-Ions . Disappointed .
 Lets face it , anyone who owns a Milwaukees 18v Ni-CAD battery knows they are the very worst on the market . Its about time Milwaukee came out with a replacement , that lives up to the promise . -LRB- It took long enough -RRB- The price is high , but worth it , I guess . What choice do I have ? Buy new batteries , or buy all new tools . It was actually a VERY tough choice .4 stars because of the delima Milwaukee put so many into , and gave very poor support for the junk 18v Ni-cads . They knew they were bad , but will never admit it.EDIT - Bought these in 2007 when just released and as of Summer of 2009 they are toast . They charge and hold charge for about a week now and discharge in about 1 minute in use . So once again , METCO let me down with their crap batteries.If your wondering about my usage , they see mild home use only , they are stored indoors during winter and charged on occasion at all year round regardless of use.Thus , I am done with METCO batteries and they battery powered tools .
 Very poor battery . I bought a combo-pack with these batteries and have had nothing but trouble.They wo n't hold a charge and Milwuakee 's customer support is next to worthless.I am moving to another brand instead of wasting more money on poor quality batteries and horrible customer service.Other corded Milwuakee tools I 've bought have been great . I would not buy another cordless Milwuakee tool again .
 I keep my combo tools in my truck . I can charge the batteries fully and leave them in my truck overnight . The next day , I check the charge lights before putting them in the tools and four lights appear . I start using them and they die almost immediately . The ni cads never had a problem . I have used this combo kit for six years and love the tools but the new batteries are very frustrating .
 Are you joking me ? These same batteries were at one time , just over 100 dollars , on this very site . And in three years , they have almost TRIPLED IN PRICE . Miliwaukee used to be a cut above the rest , quality , sturdy , dependable tools . I have owned the 18 volt set for almost 10 years . The initial batteries stunk , and I had to buy replacements , same ni-cad junk . They did give me years of use , but lived in the charger , thankfully I had 4 of them to keep my going . Now they are all dead , and I wish I had bought this set back in the days when it was reasonable . Now , you are better off buying a new tool combo kit , and with a different company . It appears that Miliwaukee has abandoned their loyal customers , and do n't care one second about it.Go to dewault , or any brand that is not completely fleecing the customers with over-priced batteries , almost forcing you to buy new tools.They have won , I will buy new tools , NEVER MILIWAUKEE AGAIN .
 Ordered replacement batteries and Amazon said it was in stock , yet four days after I ordered it , it still has n't shipped yet . Why is that ?
 This lamp was exactly what I was looking for in size and design so I ordered it in spite of the warnings of poor quality in earlier reviews . I had hope the manufacturer had also read feedback and corrected the problem . The lamp arrived with a leaning , swinging post as described by others . My husband already has the felt pad removed and is attempting to fix it . So if you want a `` project '' lamp , go to a flea market . I do not recommend this product or price .
 I purchased this lamp intended as a gift for newlyweds . It arrive well-packaged in outwardly good condition , but when removed from the box , there was an obvious large , gaping crack at the `` t '' where the horizontal piece holding the shade crosses the narrow , upright `` stem '' portion . It appeared that a repair had been attempted . The crack opening allowed me to see past the dark exterior finish and deep into the composition material . As it turns out , the lamp is not metal -LRB- as listed in the description -RRB- . It is a type of a polymer material - looking for all intents and puposes , as a standard white plastic . There is no type of supporting rod nor any metal reinforcement under the plastic . The upright piece holding all of the weight is composed completely of the polymer material , which explains why the lamp cracked at a most vulnerable spot where the arc holding the shade piece was attached . Other than this disappointment , the lamp is outwardly attractive , a generous size , and a very fair price for a Craftsman-style piece . If sturdiness is not a requirement for you , it is an acceptable puchase . Because of the upright design , a break would not be amenable to a lasting repair without some type of an interior reinforcement being added . Since it will be a gift , I prefer to look for something more long-lasting .
 I received this and the lamp was leaning to the left , I do n't think it was a shipping error , it looked like it was a manufacturing error . Also inside the box I found an Amazon slip and the same lamp had been sent to someone else in Sept 2009 and they had obviously returned it to Amazon .
 Poor quality , had amazon send me two and every one of them in some way was damaged or defective . They even sent me a replacement and had the same issues ... but the lamp looks good if you get a good one !!
 i bought this heater about a month ago . i used it for my yoga class twice a week for an hour . it the blower quick working last week . what a waste of money . do n't buy this heater .
 I have used Porter Cable quicksand sanders for years and they work great . I was searching for one and came across this sander . I figured since it was Porter Cable it must be a good product . I was wrong . I am a cabinetmaker and need a sander that leaves my work in finish ready condition . This sander leaves my woodwork with swirl scratches so bad that the staining looks horrible . I had to go to a local home store and pick up another sander to correct this mistake . It was a Makita sander and it did the job as good if not better than the old quicksand sanders . I guesss i will be buying Makita sanders from now on .
 I bought this sander -LRB- Porter Cable 344 5 '' random orbital sander with PSA pad -RRB- and then discovered that it is nearly impossible to find 5 '' 8 hole adhesive disks . Ace Hardware is the only place I have found them and they are about a buck a piece . Go with the hook and loop sander.Having said that , the sander works great and the hook and loop version of this same sander would be even better .
 very poorly made product . even my 6 ' 10 '' husband ca n't make a hole with it . the vendor charges hefty shipping fee . so if we add in return shipping cost for this heavy-but-do-nothing tool , we may get a couple of dimes back . So we did n't even bother returning it , just threw into the trash can .
 I purchased the product in order to punch holes in my belts as I am loosing weight . It was not strong enough to do the job
 It does not make clean holes unless I use very strong grip and twist it around . the base plate and hole blades do no match
 The product broke the third time I used itIt still works but you need to be real carefulIt does not lock anymore
 This hole punch said it worked on soft fabric . It DID NOT WORK ON FABRIC ! But , if you are only into leather , this is the tool for you , great for punching holes in belts .
 This is the cheapest hand punch you can buy , and you should n't . The handles are made from formed sheet steel -- the razor sharp edges from fabrication have not been removed . If you buy or own one , smooth down those edges with a file or a knife steel , or you 're going to bleed at an inconvenient time . The punches themselves are not removable and rotate into place . This would n't be bad if it was only for occasional use , but the punches are not 90 degrees and flush to the brass anvil on mine and therefore it does n't punch clean holes , you have to clean out the scrap with a knife . If Chinese leather workers actually have to use this tool , I feel very sorry for them.Summary
 This tool is very poorly made and not adequate for any leather . The wheel is not in sync with the pad and when trying to punch a hole the wheel turns . The supplier contected me an offered to send me a heavy duty tool which I thought was very generous . However since that contact I have not heard from the supplier . I offered to return the tool and to pay the difference for a more adequate tool but have heard nothing from the supplier .
 prompt deilvery . not a good product . difficult to punch a clean hole in leather belt .
 Will not recommend . Unable to poke thru my leather belt . . even got my husband to do it , no luck , it slips . . you 're better off getting a nail and hammer .
 This thing is so blunt , it does n't cut a hole in a thin piece of leather . And there is no way to sharpen this . It is a great work-out tool tho . I spent half an hour cutting one -LRB- ! -RRB- hole , I was sweating and the next day my arm muscles were sore . At least I got that out of it -LRB- and the hole ... finally -RRB- .
 I bought two of these for our deck . They worked for one day . Yes , the batteries are charged and properly installed . They are exposed to full sunlight most of the day . Night rolls around ... nothing . PURE JUNK !!! Do n't bother with these . Unfortunately for me , after the first night of working operation , I tossed the boxes , trash pickup was the next morning . I 'm stuck with them now , but you do n't have to be . Save your money and pass these up .
 I purchased two of these for my deck . They worked for 1 week , filled with water and shorted out.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I ordered 6 lights , happy to find a discontinued item to finish our deck lighting . 3 out of six lights were new , 3 out of six were used . How do I know they were used ? The parts were in a baggie not the original shipping bag . One had corroded battery compartment.After replacing the solar batteries , 5 work and one is faulty and lets in water from rain and wo n't work . We recycled the original shipping boxes and therefore could not return.So my review is mixed . Happy to find it , but not happy with receiving USED items when paying for new .
 It 's a single panel since I see a few people putting that as a negative so I just want to be sure people know that . The door is flimsy I have had it for a few months now it 's still holding up pretty well . The magnet that is suppose to close the door really is n't that strong you have to almost push it hard for it to close . But really what do you expect I paid like $ 15 I guess it was a deal then it 's now $ 30 but it served it 's purpose to seal my closet that had no door . Also like many reviewers here have said mine also came with a tear it 's barely noticeable but it is their but it 's not big deal . I really would n't recommend this product unless you want something basic it looks good just the functionality is not so good .
 very flimsy `` door '' . arrived ripped , exchanged it ... and it arrived ripped again ... did n't bother exchanging it after that . does n't really stay closed well , if something brushes by it , it opens .
 I did n't realize this was a single panel instead of double panel , so it is very thin . It was not packaged or shipped well and the top has pieces chipped off and the frame is cracked . Other than the breakage , this should only be used for closets or utility rooms that just need hidden from view . I 'll be going to our local Lowe 's or Menard 's for my next one . -LRB- No Home Depot in my area , so I do n't know about their selection/availability . -RRB- This was shipped from a 3rd party , not Amazon , and I continue to be happy with all my other Amazon purchases .
 We installed this as directed . Just a frail folding door . Not strong at all . Bad purchase ! Would not recommend this at all .
 Purchased doors for a bedroom closet in a rental unit . Upon opening the package , I found the quality of the material to be very cheap . The material was split and cracked on the folds in the doors . I returned the doors for replacement . It is good enough for rental units .
 If this knife did n't have a sharp blade you would think it was a childs toy . The `` Police Officer '' detail on the knife is molded plastic . I am too embarrassed to give this to my son in law Police Officer . This is really a poor excuse of a knife and a rip off of our law enforcement family . I gave it 1 star because you ca n't give it a zero .
 Said it fit Stihl 16 &#34; chain saw . Did n't fit mine . The guide the chain travels on was too thin for the chain to sit in . I have a Stihl MS 211C .
 Does not fit my Stihl MS211 though it says it will . That would be an error on the manufacturer -LRB- Oregon -RRB- . The seller wo n't take it back since I did n't open it within 30 days . -LRB- Shame on the seller -RRB- .
 Does not fit my MSE 180C stihl electric chain saw , something they might have mentioned . Right length , it just does n't fit the bar or the drive gear .
 Even though pictures attached to this item would lead you to believe you can use the Dewalt LED light system , YOU CA N'T .
 Apparently Dewalt made a revision to this saw 's design -LRB- revision 3 -RRB- . The new revision is not compatible with either the laser or LED light kits from Dewalt -LRB- the handle does n't support the switch module and the guard is n't wide enough to wrap around the light module -RRB- . I was on the fence about buying this saw in the first place because of its lack of a laser guide -LRB- especially at this price point -RRB- and its poor laser attachment reviews . I overcame this when I was reading the great reviews of the LED system , which almost sounded better than a laser . Now I 'm stuck with an expensive saw that does n't have either and also have to deal with returning the LED kit or jury rigging something possibly unsafe.This mislabeling is frustrating . Dewalt should have changed the model number if they were going to break compatibility with important accessories . As far as I 'm concerned , if you 're buying this saw , you 're buying an unsupported product -LRB- e.g. Dewalt will leave you out in the cold -RRB- . I called customer service and they know about the issue but do n't have any plans to fix it other than updating their documentation -LRB- rather than designing a compatible light -RRB- . I would likely get the Skil w / the built in laser for much less money than deal with this if given the same options again .
 I ordered this saw along with the DWS7085 LED work light system together because everything on Amazon and DeWalt 's website say they are compatible . However , they are not . This saw is a Type 3 -LRB- which is not indicated on the site nor on the box itself -RRB- , which no longer supports the LED or laser addition . I called DeWalt 's call center and they gave me the number to their service center -LRB- 3 hours away -RRB- and said I would have to take it there to swap -LRB- downgrade -RRB- to the previous Type 2 model . I then called the service center and they informed me that they do n't do that and did n't understand why the call center would send me to them . So at this point I am simply getting the run-a-round from DeWalt and it seems my only option is to return everything to Amazon and go with another brand .
 Other review 's do a good job explaining the functionality of the saw - and the current price is good . The problem is that the saw shipped by Amazon and found now in most stores is a `` Type 3 '' The current saw is NOT compatible with the DEWALT DWS7085 Miter-Saw LED Work Light System . I gave the saw 2 stars because on Amazon 's web site and Dewalt 's state that it IS compatible . The representative 's at Dewalt 's phone center our very ware of the problem and they also wished that there own website would be updated . A second rep told me the change was a cost savings initiative by Dewalt.I am very disappointed with the misrepresentation because some people like myself may have bought the saw at a good price and where waiting to buy the LED light when it was also cheap . I got lucky and found out early .
 I wish I had read the other reviews first as other people note the same problem . It would seem Dewalt updated the DW715 miter saw and failed to mention they removed hardware that made it compatible with their DW715 product line , but of course left the model intact and unscathed . This , if anything , is false advertising as you can not couple this device with the handy dandy LED system which is specifically why I ordered this affordable saw.Infuriating to wait for the post-Christmas gift to myself and discover I have to package this heavy item up and ship it back . I 'm returning the saw blades , LED system , and Dewalt miter saw all in one go . Why buy products that work together if the main piece of hardware is not going to cut it ?
 This company is one of the worst I 've dealt with online . Too many problems to describe , however , one was that I was told I would receive my order in approximately two weeks . It was almost six weeks before I received it , with no explanation for the delay .
 Update 4/23/2012
 Five minutes of operation is generous on my part . This grinder did n't run quite that long . It will shortly be returned . The respect I had for Dewalt tools is now substantially diminished .
 After using the grinder for about 5 minutes I decided to send it back to Amazon . If the price was around $ 30 , then I would have kept it . At $ 58 there are better options . I guess that 's the downside of buying online where you ca n't handle the tool prior to purchase . Amazon processed by return very quickly and there was no hassles at all . Thanks Amazon .
 This product is only working at 120V and if you are using it only in the US then it may be a good product but I would prefer the other product as the customer service is better in there . Now , if you will use this in and outside of the states , you should buy a grinder with 100-240V power rating otherwise you will have lots of problems with it . Whatever you do do n't buy this from United Tools and Fastener . They have poor customer service . They charged me 9 dollars to have the item shipped to me and 12 dollars for me to have it shipped back to them . Very impolite and argues with the customer a lot ! What a total rip off . They do not have Return item option in Amazon so you have to contact them directly . The reason for my return is its power rating is unusable for me on other countries .
 I bought this nd did not use it for 6 months . I used it 5 times a a piece inside broke . Worthless , maybe I just got a lemon . I have never had any problem with dewalts except for this one .
 Purchased this for the price and knowing DeWalt makes some pretty decent products.This is not one of them.I own a Marble and Granite fabrication shop and this grinder lasted 2 weeks then burned out.Go for a makita , last 10x longer .
 I just received this fountain yesterday . There are two problems with it . You ca n't actually use the copper bowl as a planter if you want to use the fountain because you would have to dig out the plant whenever you wanted to clean It . . And the pump only provides a slow trickle of water . I have tried adjusting the pressure but to no avail . I will try and find a stronger pump that actually has the pressure to push the water up thru such a long channel . Other than that , it is pretty . Big disappointment . I would send it back but it 's too awkward to repackage and the box was all torn up when it arrived .
 Do n't buy duplex outlet wallplates unless they are advertised as unbreakable . I bought a 10 pc bag from Amazon which do n't break no matter how tight you get the screw .
 It is a nice looking wallplate , but when I put it on , I guess I turned it too tight and it cracked in the middle . It is still on my wall until I replace it .
 The picture shows a 1 gallon bottle but what you get is 1 quart.Otherwise , the product is alright but I can get it from Lowes for the same price .
 I would have given 4 stars if the first one had not been missing a shade . I would have given 3 stars if the second one had not shown scratching around the base . I ordered the first one to arrive just before I needed it , so used Prime Free Two Day Shipping . When I found it was defective , time was short and I added another $ 3.99 to get the second quicker . After combining the usable parts , I have a working lamp but still have to repack the other and take it to the post office . I guess it comes down to , are you feeling lucky ? After saying all that , it is a very attractive and functional reading light for two , placed on a table between the sofa and chair . I used two 27 Watt -LRB- actual , not equivalent -RRB- CFL , and my wife thinks it 's almost too bright . -LRB- I do n't know why anyone would expect a lamp of this configuration to light up a whole room . -RRB-
 I am surprised this has not been addressed . I purchased this to replace a cheap Husky knife I purchased from Home Depot that kept getting jammed after a few weeks time and would not close . On this knife I had three problems
 This is a comparative review of 4 utility knives . I am posting this identical review under all 4 products.The reviewed knives are : Greenlee 0652-23 Heavy-Duty Folding Utility KnifeGreat Neck Sheffield Ultimate Folding Lockback Utility Knife 12113 -LRB- Red -RRB- Gerber 31-001469 EAB Lite Clip Folding Utility Knife with G-10 Handle ScaleBessey D-BKWH Quick-Change Folding Utility Knife - Wood Grain HandleTo make typing/reading easy , I 'll use ` Greenlee ' , ` Gerber ' , ` Sheffield ' , and ` Bessey ' as short-hands for those 4 knives . When you see them below , you should note that I am not comparing brands in general . I am just comparing the 4 specific knives.I thought about getting theMilwaukee 48-22-1901 Fastback Flip Open Utility Knife , but was worried about the loose screw problem many other reviewers had posted . Also it is much more expensive than the other knives , so I let it pass.Greenlee ======= I got the Greenlee first . It is heavy and bulky , which I like . Very comfortable to hold . Blade changing is the easiest among the 4 , although the blade is a little bit loose after being locked . However , that does n't affect any of the usages . It does n't wobble or feel loose when cutting things . It is the only one of the 4 without a clip , but it comes with a pouch that you can thread -LRB- not clip -RRB- on a belt up to 2 1/4 inch wide . It is also the only one of the 4 with a blade compartment with 5 blades in it , so you get 6 blades total . I quite like this knife , and give it 5 stars.Note the Greenlee knife looks very similar to theSheffield 12331 Heavy Duty Lock-back Utility Knifeby picture . However , since I did n't get the other knife , I am not claiming that they are identical , just a guess that they might have the same design , and/or manufacturer , and/or parts . In the 3 knives reviewed here , Greenlee , Sheffield , and Bessey , if you open the knives and take the blades out , then you see that all 3 knives have an identically shaped 'S ' in a circle etched on the body behind the blade near the hinge . I guess that 's the first letter of ` Sheffield ' . Sheffield ======= The Sheffield knife -LRB- I got the red one -RRB- is less heavy and bulky than the Greenlee one , but still sturdy and weighty . The clip in the back is solidly attached and does n't get underway when using . The metal body looks and feels good too . The only thing I do n't like too much may be the blade changing mechanism where you have to open up two parts to change a blade , and sometimes you have to push/pull them hard to change the blade . For example , I ca n't pull the bottom part down if I pull the top part all the way up for the knife I got . I have to -LRB- and only need to -RRB- pull the top part about half way up . But blade changing is still doable and I do n't change blades too often , and you can also consider it a good thing since it holds the blade pretty tight . I am giving this knife 5 stars too.You may also want to read reviews to the blue versionGreat Neck Sheffield Blue Folding LockBack Utility Knife -LRB- 12113 -RRB- , which people flock to . When I bought the red one , it was cheaper than the blue version . Note the picture here is n't exactly right with the shape of the ` Sheffield ' characters on the knife . The characters are scripted exactly like the blue version , and not in the bold font shown in the picture here . I think the knife I got looks more like this one : Sheffield 12614 One Hand Opening Lock-Back Utility Knife , Red , but the version I got is indeed 12113 and not 12614 . Gerber ===== The Gerber knife is different in that it is the slimmest and lightest , yet it is very sleek and cool looking . It is mostly metal with G-10 plastics on one side , and the plastics is very hard and you can sort of think of it as black metal . The plastics adds friction and feels good too . People complained about the clips of other Gerber EAB knives falling off , so I tried to dislodge the clip on this one with my hand , and I could n't do it . Changing blade may be the most cumbersome since there is a screw involved , but that 's not too difficult , although be careful and do n't let the screw run away from you . Note I ca n't unscrew it using new pennies or quarters as they have thicker edges , although old ones with smoothed out edges do.Also the Gerber knife comes with the thickest blade , letting me wonder if it works with thinner standard blades on the other 3 knives . Yes the Gerber knife does work with thinner standard blades , but the other 3 knives do n't work with the thicker blade coming with Gerber . I give this one 5 stars too.Bessey ===== I have to give 1 star to the Bessey knife from my bad experiences with 2 knives -LRB- yes , 2 of them -RRB- . The Bessey knife is very similar in design and style to the Sheffield knife . It is almost the Sheffield knife with some metal replaced by wood grains on both sides , and with an identical blade changing mechanism . Heaviness and bulkiness wise , it is between Greenlee and Sheffield.Apart from the wood grain with added appeal , the first Bessey knife I got almost looked and felt as good as the Sheffield knife . However , when opening and closing the knife , I heard this metal grinding sound coming from friction between the ` PATENTED ' part towards the front of the knife and the groove in the body of the knife . After a few times of opening and closing , I saw scratches on the lower ` PATENTED ' part . When the knife was open , and if I held the release lever down , the part holding the blade wobbled from side to side and felt loose from the hinge . That 's probably the cause of the grinding . I do n't have this problem with the 3 knives of other brands . So I considered it defective and made an exchange . Amazon prompted shipped me a new one the next day.The second one felt secure in the blade holding part near the hinge and did n't have that grinding sound , but there was a new problem
 ... I would n't buy it again.Heavy -LRB- good and bad -RRB- , solid feel , woodgrain looks nice , etc. . The quick-change mechanism is exactly that , and solid/tight when closed . Those are the good points.There are two main reasons I would n't buy this knife again . First , the lockback design . In the age of liner locks -LRB- release with your thumb for one-handed closing -RRB- , it makes no sense to manufacture a knife with the lock release on the back . I never grab this knife because it takes two hands to close it . Second , and this is a MAJOR design flaw , when the knife is closed , you can squeeze the blade assy closed further and the blade edge actually contacts part of the inner frame , nicking the blade . This is a huge oversight and completely unacceptable.But hey ... it looks nice sitting in my toolbox .
 I did n't realize it when I bought this item -LRB- branded Craftsman in Sears , but * absolutely * the identical knife -RRB- that the blade release was a swinging clamp with an insubstantial little nubbin to lock it in place . I closed the knife with a snap ... the clip came loose along with the blade . I put it back , making sure I did it correctly and closed it not-quite-rapidly again ... same thing , except this time the blade fell out in my lap . I finally , just babied it closed and stuck it in my pocket , and then reached back in to see if the blade-release mechanism might get hooked or tangled in a fold in my pocket , and come undone as before . It took about 3 seconds to determine this knife was the surest way I 've ever seen for me to end up with a loose razor blade in my pocket , short of just putting one in there . I immediately took back the knife , and began looking for one like my Pop has . The locking mechanism on his -LRB- China-made cheapo -RRB- is a spring-loaded lever , positive locking setup , and you have to really want the blade out to get it out ... I consider this knife a safety hazard , and it weighs noticably more than Pop 's solid stainless one . However , it IS pretty ... I just do n't think this is a case where `` beauty is pain '' should apply . If they redesign the flimsy and insufficient blade-release -LRB- which they apparently forgot should * first * be a blade-retaining mechanism -RRB- , I 'll be first in line to buy one .
 The item seem to be used ... oily , fingerprints , sticker on blade handle and overall looked dirty . It was a waste of time to return and wait .
 I 've owned a TON of utility knives in my search for the `` ONE '' ... sadly , this was n't it and I 'm dumbfounded by all the positive reviews here on this site . This knife lasted all about 5 minutes and literally broke the first time I used it -- cutting up the Amazon box it came in . The head on the bolt that holds the body of the knife together sheared right off and now it 's a wobbly/useless mess . I 'm too busy/lazy to fuss with the RMA to send this back , so I 'll retire it to my drawer of other misfit utility knives . I can also confirm that this knife is way too heavy to carry in a pocket all day . FYI ... my current go-to knife is the Stanley 10-816L matched with a Bucket Boss 54042 knife holder , but still looking ...
 I was looking for a great looking utility knife and when i read all the wonderful great reviews on Amazon about the `` Bessey D-BKWH Quick-Change Folding Utility Knife '' I simply had to order it.Now before i proceed i wanted you to know that i was interested in the knife only because of the aesthetics details and that it was also a folding knife . -LRB- more because mostly how beautiful it looked -RRB- . As you may well know , when reviewing this Knife the most important aspects is the aesthetics + Quality + functions . i am not going to review the blade because the aesthetics itself is the the main focus of this knife . Its up to the customer to choose what quality blade they want to put into the knife . Having said that let me proceed with my review.On Sept. 28 . 2012 , I received the `` Bessey D-BKWH Quick-Change Folding Utility Knife '' . when i open the package i was in shock . Not in shock on how beautiful the knife looked.But on the contrary , I was shocked on How horrendous the knife looked . The first thing i noticed was scratches , dirt and pits all over the knife itself.I stepped back took a deep breathe and proceeded to go and read the description of the product.just in case i may have overlooked or misread the description on this knife . I then proceeded to go to the Bessey Tools website in which i had read the following . `` Our brands are manufactured using the highest quality materials . Moreover , all components are personally checked by our experienced technicians and developers who apply the most advanced inspection procedures and testing methods '' . I was so disappointed after reading this statement that i proceeded to completely take the knife apart.I did this for several reasons.I wanted to document the quality of the Knife as a whole . As a result the more pieces i took apart the more horrendous the quality.Now let me take this moment say that Amazon is just the shipper and i do not find them at fault . The one i hold at fault is the company that not only represent the product but manufactures this knife in which is Bessey Tools.let me say that it is very important on how a company chooses it Wording to describe itself or the Products they represent . In this particular case Bessey tools known for their high quality of products used the following wording . `` ALL components are personally checked by our experienced technicians `` The 3 letters in the word `` ALL '' means a lot . what does it mean ? By doing this and having a companies logo on a particular product . The company itself is held accountable to meet that high quality of standards they represented and nothing less then that . If the wording would have had said `` Some of of products '' it would have been a total different scenario.Having said that & getting back to my review i immediately notified the company by phone and i submitted pictures by email for a explanation.i am well aware things may go wrong at times in the manufacturing process and there might be a slight chance a product that may go thru packing process without carefully inspected it.Nevertheless to be totally fair in my part i decided to call amazon for a full replacement . Amazon quickly had another knife delivered to me the very next day.ON Sept 29,2012 i received my second knife . when i open the second sealed package i noticed that this second knife was also full of scratches and pits . Not as horrendous as the first knife that i received earlier but nevertheless very noticeable scratches , dirt and pits.At this time i re-notified the `` Bessey tools Company '' and addressed to my concerns & also provided them with pictures of the 2nd knife i had received earlier that day . at this point i was totally convinced that is was a problem with quality control or the way it was packaged . What made me determined this is the fact that the knife was `` made in china '' . I have no bias from anything made in china but there is surely a big difference when it comes to the Quality criteria on products made in China VS products `` Made in USA '' . All thou Bessey Tools main headquarters are made in Germany and the fact that this Particular Product is `` made in China '' . I as a customer feel that despite where ever the product came from from i should have received the same Quality of standards the Company itself represented and nothing less then that.I Had notified Amazon that same day about my findings and they temporary placed a note & made customers aware of this issue . all thou this product is still available from several 3rd parties . if you happen to have the same experience with the product just contact amazonOn tuesday 10/02/12 i received a email from the Vice President marketing division of Bessey tools company . They had let me know they had opened 70 + packages from their inventory and found that my findings were correct.i am very happy Bessey Tools stepped up and acknowledge the problem and taking steps in fixing the issues . This is a isolated case and i am confident the issues will be resolved shortly . ** Bessey Tools company really do stand behind its productsHaving said that at this time i give this Product a 1 star rating just because of my personal overall experience.Despite everything i am overall happy in how amazon & Bessey tools handle this matter . even thou at this time i gave this Product 1 star rating . ** I give Amazon.com & Bessey Tools Customer Support team 5 stars
 I tried researching before I ordered this . As soon as I unboxed it , I turned over the package and saw `` Made in China . '' I had a bad feeling as soon as I saw that . I proceeded to open the package and take the knife out to mess around with it . It felt sturdy , and I liked the handle . It 's nowhere near as good looking in person as it is in the picture , but it still looks alright . I was making sure everything was functional , and I 'm glad I did because it was defective.I 'm not trying to be scientific or an expert here , I do n't know the terms for the parts I 'm speaking of so I 'm going to call them what I 'd imagine they would be ... I flipped the latch up -LRB- part that locks it and says OPEN -RRB- and opened the blade compartment -LRB- part that says PATENTED -RRB- and made took the blade out and attempted to put it back in . The blade went back in fine , but when I tried to close it and lock it in -LRB- by pushing the PATENTED plate thing back over it and then flipping the latch that says OPEN back down -RRB- , it would n't lock in place . There is a little indent that is supposed to line up with a hole and lock into place . Mine would n't do that , it would just push the plate that says PATENTED back and would n't lock . I had multiple people try to lock it , and nobody could . I know it is defective because it was locked in place out of the package , and it would n't return to that state when it should have when I tried.I knew that `` Made in China '' was a sign of bad things to come . I returned it for a full refund , and Amazon was very quick as always . Thanks Amazon , and no thanks Bessey .
 After 30 minutes of wearing in lab , they hurt and were extremely uncomfortable . I had to buy another brand of goggles .
 These googles are so uncomfortable ! Do not buy them . Spend the extra money and get something better . Also allow yourself extra time to try them on and send them back if they do n't work out .
 I bought this for my Chemistry class since you are obliviously required to have one when you are in the laboratory but they are really uncomfortable when you put them on . I constantly tried adjusting them because they really hurt . The only reason why I bought them was because of the price but I regret buying them . I think I could have spent a little bit more on something a little bit better .
 With severe allergies I was recommended one of these masks and believed that they came with the filters as pictured and as several reviewers have mentioned . When I received the item -LRB- later than was the projected delivery date -RRB- no filters were in the package . Only the plastic mask piece itself . I was rather disappointed .
 I received the mask but no filters.I am disappointed that I can not get the filters and that my only option is to return the mask.Definitely not good buy or good options for a resolution .
 I got the mask with no filters and the only option they give you is to return the mask instead of simply sending the filters , bad service , bad solutions , I would not order from this store again .
 I wore this mask for under ten minutes and the chemical stench I was breathing in from the filter material was overwhelming . I still felt the effects long after removing the mask . I feel like I 've been poisoned . Yet another new way for companies to screw people over : -LRB-
 I bought two Kohler K-2209 sinks . They both arrived broken - one in pieces and the other was chipped . Had to pay $ 13 more each to get locally .
 I originally ordered a perfectly made Toto sink , but it was too large and a smaller one was n't available , so I bought the Kohler Caxton . I immediately noticed what I could only describe as a pock marked bowl . Countless blemishes under the surface , which I believe were tiny air bubbles that rose to the surface while the sink was being fired . The sink was smooth , but the imperfections were noticeable in my lighting . I called Kohler to see if this was normal for their product , and was told that it was abnormal and shouldnt 've passed inspection , so I exchanged it for one of the same . Sure enough , the new one had the same markings.It 's a sink , so all I expect is that it is shaped correctly and the bowl is free of visual defects/imperfections . I 'm not a sink expert so I do n't know how difficult it is to get a flawless look , but Toto certainly got it right.Amazon was great with the free exchange , quick refund , and fast deliveries .
 We already have three Kohler 2209 Caxton sinks in our home , and we were ordering two more , these in Biscuit . One of the sinks arrived with two significant indentations in the sink bowl , which had to occur prior to firing in the kiln . Should have been caught before firing . Should have been caught after firing . Should have been caught before boxing . I had to send it back . Sent the other one back as well since it had minor pit blemishes in glaze of sink bowl as well . Wasted my time , wasted somebody 's shipping costs . Where is quality control ?
 I bought this rechargeable flashlight to use when taking the dogs out at night . The light is so diffused that the visibility it provides is nil . I would not reccommend this product .
 This showerhead is made almost entirely out of plastic . You can read the description carefully , and it NEVER says the showerhead is made out of plastic . It only says the showerhead is `` polished chrome . '' Maybe that 's their name for the color of this plastic , but tell me , can you polish plastic ? The dictionary definition of chrome is `` a metal plated with chromium . '' This showerhead is neither . If you like a `` gentle rain '' you might like this showerhead , but I replaced a similar rain can style that had decent water pressure , and then we installed this and now it 's so gentle and drippy that I have to scrub hard to get soap off . I 'm hoping we can return this showerhead .
 The listing for this product was misleading.It lead one to believe they would receive more than one item while only one of each arrives .
 I ordered this and the outlet covers for my kitchen in mid April . In mid May I received a tracking number from the company but , when you check the USPS tracking service they still have not received the package for delivery . I have emailed the company numberous times with no response . I have tried calling but , their voice mail system is full and will not accept any more calls . Beware of this company !!!
 I ordered four of these light fixtures for my mid-century ranch house because I thought that the style was perfect for the era of the house . The description of the fixture as `` heavy duty '' is a bit misleading . Two of the fixtures arrived damaged - the walls of the cylinder are thin and they were crushed . One of the damaged lights also had a dent in its top edge . Given the quality , I am left thinking that I overpaid by about $ 20 per fixture . And for those of you with an eye for detail , the interior of the cylinder is black , not white as in the photo . In the end , I still really like the look of the fixtures , including the powder coat finish , I just expected better quality because of how the product was described !
 It 's going back ! I ordered this product and put the cupboard box together and then all the drawers . Several hours work . Then I found that the drawer heads were not only warped , but the three drawers on both sides do n't have enough clearance . No real way to fix without considerable shaving and trimming . Way too much for a $ 699 Cupboard . Very disappointed . Drawer heads were only oiled on outside which lets moisture enter the backside and warp . I expected more from Sjoberg .
 The Sjoberg Elite workbeach is highly rated in a review by Fine Woodworking . However , I reluctantly agree with the other reviewer . The accessory storage case is way overpriced . And , as the other reviewer noted , it requires a great deal of work with handplanes to fit the drawers . Also , the packaging was poor . Given its weight , the packaging , expecially the corners , should have been far more robust . Mine was damaged in shipping . Amazon offered to replace it without charge but , when I said I did n't want to go through all that , they volunteerd to knock some off the price to compensate for the damage . By all means , buy the Elite Bench itself , but consider making a compatible case of drawers yourself .
 Over $ 8 for a hex wrench . Just kick me in the balls and get it over with .
 Got these about 5 days after expected delivery and could tell in about a minute I 'd be returning them . They 're made of relatively thin tubing , not a solid rod like I had assumed , and the outside diameter of the tubing is so much smaller than the 3/4-in . holes in my bench top that they simply do n't work . My bench top is new and has very precisely bored 3/4-in . holes -LRB- not wallowed out from age or use -RRB- and the Veritas bench hold-downs work fine . I thought the design of these was pretty good and would in fact be better than the Veritas in some applications , but from the small plastic handles to the cheap tubing they 're constructed of , they 're simply junk .
 This glove was great when I got it . It had the right amount of pressure , however , one of the seems on the fingers split within a month of receiving it .
 I used it clamped to a shelf . Do n't . The stress on the molded plasic prong that keeps it in the holder is too great , and it will break if you use the lamp pulled forward and down . I know . I 've broken two . While I have not used it as a table model , I see no reason why it would not break there as well given the same circumstances . They should use two prongs or a metal assembly .
 I was n't expecting much given the price , but what came in the mail was clearly a USED product . The hinge is completely scratched , the box was full of dust and dirt , and there are scratches on the lamp base as well . Also - be careful when moving the base . Since the lamp arms do n't swivel , you have to move the base to turn the lamp . Unfortunately something on the base ended up making big scratch marks on my desk , so make sure to put something under it . I bought this to replace a broken IKEA one , and I have to say - it 's the same price but far inferior in quality .
 I ordered new product and I paid full amount . But when I got it , there are some name written on it in a permanent marker . Sally something and dates . Extremely dissapointed . Also , the light is very dim . Not suitable for reading . You 'll need other light to read under this lamp .
 I was never able to receive the correct size shield after numerous tries -LRB- returns & replacements -RRB- . I just gave up and kept the small one for the Wobblelight Jr. . I will never be able to use . I needed the 27-inch . Annoying .
 I did not relize that I needed some kind of pegboard to stick this to . I was pretty disappointed . Now it is sitting my my garage not getting used , I would look else where , not worth the money .
 I wanted to buy a non-battery dependent flashlight for my car and my wife 's car . The idea of having a built in AF/FM radio was a great bonus . I could n't decide what I wanted , but for only $ 5 I thought I 'd give this a try . I actually ordered 3 different units , all Kaito . I bought the KA004 , the KA005 , and the KA404R . I took it out of the box and began to fiddle with the switches and buttons . The back end telescopes out and twists for radio tuning . I snapped it right off by accident . This might be a decent novelty item , but you do not want to trust something this cheap for emergency use . For $ 5 was too good to be true !
 the price of $ 2.89 for this item Arnold Bar & Chain Combo-16-inch 3/8-inch LP -57 Drive Link # 490-700-0045 is wrong i tryed to order this item for the said price and was sent a spark plug instead.Order was from Gradys online .
 Read the product descriptions thoroughly!Don ' t just go by the extremely short list of features that this store provides . This lamp requires a halogen bulb -- a fact buried on the page and only found in the editorial review.Plus the base is quite heavy and costs more to ship back than to keep and try to sell to a friend .
 The lamp has a stylish and clean brushed steel appearance while managing to throw a decent amount of light . Which is particularly good for reading and typing at the computer.However be forewarned , once the bulb goes you are in for a ride . After several visits to different hardware stores over a period of months I still can not find the bulb . I searched and found a review which said it was JCD 120V 50watts T3 G9 but the truth has yet to be seen.The base is also flimsy and each time I pick it up I feel as though it may fall off and come crashing through my glass desktop surface.Seriously , the price is good but stay away and stick with a more mainstream lighting manufacturer . Very Disappointed Grandwich -LRB- wherever you are located -RRB- . Grandrich FD100ST One-Light Halogen Swingarm Light , Steel
 WARNING
 The minute I plugged this lamp into the wall , the light bulb burnt out . What a good reason to return it . It 's a cheap lamp , poor quality , and should come with new bulbs !
 Nice lamp while the bulb burns . Mine burnt out after just a few months of light use . I have spent the past 3 months trying to locate a replacement bulb . Be careful - I would n't buy this unless you unless you have a good source for replacement bulbs . I 've given up and am thinking about returning mine .
 Plugged a 1300 watt space heater in it . 1300 watts is indeed within rated specs for this unit.The units timer function quit working about two weeks into use . Now useless . Bought due to other `` good '' reviews . Mistake .
 I bought three to run my holiday lights through . From day one they 've only worked intermittently . The lights may come on but 15 minutes later they 'll turn off despite being set to turn off 4 hours later . Sometimes they may come back on again for a few minutes but sure enough , they turn back off after a while . Pointless .
 I bought this timer about 2 weeks ago , initially it worked fine for a day or two . Then afterward , it refused to turn on . I found that the buttons were n't pushing down hard enough so I pushed on them to ensure it 's set . The next day I come back and it 's off yet again . For kicks I turned the dial all the way around and noticed it would come on about half the time that it was set for , on/off/on / off , etc. . I then again pushed the buttons , it worked fine for several days until I had to touch it . I had to unplug it to move some cords around , plugged it back in , worked fine . The next day the problem came back.Needless to say this timer is not reliable , I will never buy another Sylvania product again . I 've been burned by too much of their stuff being low quality or simply failing prematurely . SAVE YOUR MONEY
 A simple mechanical timer , what could go wrong ? It seemed well made , and I like the cover . But on the unit I received the sensor cog pushes the timer setting pins up and so ends up off when it should be on . I 'm going to have to throw it out and buy something else .
 This timer has little push tabs that you push down for the timer to be on - but as it goes through the cycle , those tabs get pushed up a little - or a lot . I had this connected to an air cleaner in my bedroom to be on at night but turn off during the day . This timer would work the first night , but by the second night , several of the tabs got pushed back up and so my air cleaner turned off and then back on several times , waking me up each time . The next day I reset the timer to see if I did n't have it set right - and again it worked fine the first night but on the second night , it did the off/on several times again . Reliability would seem to be a requirement for a timer , but this one is not .
 As indicated in other reviews , pins pushed down do n't stay down . Very little use for an outlet timer that does not turn on when it is set to .
 It 's got to work as designed or it 's useless.I bought this timer to start an espresso machine rated lower than the power rating for this device . Despite starting on time over an hour ago , my coffee maker was not getting up to temperature because the timer clicks off and then clicks back on again . This is n't a problem with the outlet the timer is plugged into .
 Bought two , one malfunctioned almost immediately while other ca n't keep time . I 've purchased four Stanley digital timers which all performing as expected.I have n't had good experience with mechanical timers bought for 5K BTU window air conditioner pulling 5A .
 Not sure if I got a lemon or not ... I ca n't seem to get mine to work continuously . I 'll set the timer and it will work for the night , then the next night it never turns on.I 'm going to fiddle with it a little more to see if I ca n't get it to work properly , but it 's not a very good product at the moment .
 All I wanted was a grounded timer for a grow light that works , but what I got with this was so ... NOT that . First , tried simply to get it to be on 12 hours , off 12 , easy , right ? Nope . When I checked on the light , kept finding it off when it should be on . Why ? As it turned out , it was itself displacing the little tabs enough to turn the light out . Resetting the tabs did not solve the problem , one cycle around , it is pushing them up again . I tried switching sides , using the evening cycle for light and the day cycle for dark , in case it was just that the day tabs or their alignment were screwed up . Worked a few days , then back to the same problem . Then , while trying to adjust things , a tab falls out ... and down into the mechanism . No way to get it back out and then other tabs start falling off.Look , unless you REALLY need to turn things off and on again every 15 minutes , this is probably not a good choice . Go with the old reliable type where you have a few red and green pins you push into place . Never failed on ungrounded timers I 've run for years . Going off to find one of those myself now .
 If you read the description , there is talk of `` non removable pins . '' What is not written is , there is a rocker arm connected to a micro-switch which turns on and off the timer . Depress a `` pin '' and the timer is supposed to come on for fifteen minutes , -LRB- four an hour -RRB- . The rocker arm , which looks like an arm of a switch from the outside , is NOT lined up with the flat portion of the `` pins . '' I set this thing to come on at 5:30 pm and go off at 10:00 pm , -LRB- for our Christmas lights , -RRB- at 6:00 the lights were off . Why ? The rocker arm slides off the depress-able `` pins '' because the arm is too low . Good thing I 'm an EE , because I had to take the thing apart and place a flat nylon washer below the rocker arm , raising it up , to get the arm to line up with the proper flat portion of the `` pins . '' If you 're not certified in electronics , you are wasting you money . Furthermore , I do not recommend `` fixing '' something which is brand new . I only did it because sending it back would cost more than the thing is worth . -LRB- supposedly ... -RRB- Lastly , read the reviews below this one , for the month of November , same problem . The rocker arm sliding off the `` pins , '' and once it falls below the `` pins '' , it will push them up enough not to turn on the device for the next revolution -LRB- s -RRB- .
 It seems this product has a history of being hit-or-miss . My timer did not work . When set to the `` on '' position , it turned off/on every 15 minutes . Good luck to future purchasers of this product -- maybe you 'll get a `` good '' one .
 Like others said , those little pins do n't stay down , and the item plugged in does not come on when it is supposed to . Mine does n't come on at all . Unfortunately I bought it several months ago and only now am trying it , so I ca n't return it.Looked like a great design but is worthless if it does n't work !
 I bought this timer to use while on vacation . I ordered it several weeks before we left and when I first plugged it in to test it , the item seemed to work . A couple of days before we left , I set the timer to see it run over a 2-day period ... it failed to work ! Let me be more specific
 I purchased this timer for an outdoor light that plugs into a shed 's outlet . The timer worked on the first night that I used it . After that , I could n't get it to work again . It still works in the constant `` on '' position , but this does n't serve the purpose I need ! Not recommended .
 Do not buy ! This broke the first day I had it ! Timer turned on , then turned itself off in 3 minutes , although I had set it to turn off 5 hours later . When it turned itself off , the clock also failed , so that dial failed to rotate .
 I 'm not sure if I got a defective one or it 's doing what it 's supposed to do ... but this timer does n't actually turn any appliance on . It opens the outlet so you can turn it on while it 's technically supposed to be on , but it wo n't actually start an appliance . It will stop the circuit and turn everything off , but I went away on vacation and left my cat with a pet sitter and put the lamps on this timer and the sitter kept saying they would n't turn on . I tried it myself when I got back and low and behold - no dice . What 's the point of having a timer that does n't actually turn things on ?
 I purchased three of these timers . One was a gift for my sister . Two of the three did n't work so I gave the one working timer to my sister . I 'll be returning the other two . I am very disappointed as I thought the brand Sylvania would be a good one . I was only trying to turn on a light at night before I got home . So much for heavy duty .
 After reading the positive reviews , I found my experience frustrating.I had been using the X-10 system , but was having too many failures and it could not control a few outlets , so I decided to go back to manual . I decided to try the Sylvania due to positive reviews and the pinless concept -LRB- over Intermatic timers -RRB- . The first timer did not work at all , dial would not progressThe second timer worked for about a week and then stopped keeping time.Too much hassle to return.It may just be a bad lot , but I would avoid these .
 I never write reviews but this one bothered me . I bought this for my fish tank lighting and in less than a week the timer stop turning . Since it 's in a dry place that never sees the light of day it makes no sense at all.Junk .
 I used this to make a dinner in my crockpot for 6 guests . It turned on when it was suppose to and I left for work . Got home 8 hrs later and crock pot was stone cold and roast was raw . So much for dinner guests ! I ended up ordering from restaurant . Talk about an expensive timer !
 This timer would be great if it did n't make a loud rattling gear noise that can be heard halfway across the house . It 's easy to set the on and off time , but the noise is n't worth the trouble of leaving it plugged in . And I 'm hearing impaired , so I ca n't even imagine how loud this timer would be to a normal hearing person .
 I needed a 6 inch flashing for an outdoor fireplace in my screen room . local big box store did n't have what I needed , I thought this would help . my stovepipe is 6 '' , no more , no less.I got this and found it swallowed up that pipe and had a big gap all around . contacted the seller and they said the opening is 8.5 inches and that my 6 inch pipe should fit in it ... . well yeah ... but why not just tell people this is a 8.5 inch flashing . the fact is it is NOT a 6 inch flashing.I ended up going to home depot , bought a 6 inch roof jack that had a cap attached and hacked it , cut the cap off . my six inch pipe fit nicely inside the real six inch flashing.the seller has agreed to cover the postage and offer full refund
 It is the same style like my toilet but , it was n't the tightest fit . I would not recommend this product .
 cheap after market part . Deteriorated in 10 months . Buy the Kohler part . A few extra bucks and will last for years .
 I ordered this lamp when it was $ 175.00 . While awaiting it , the online price was raised to over $ 300.00 . After waiting for over three weeks before I received it , in hindsight , I should have cancelled the order because of continual delays . When it arrived , the base was scratched , and now only after having it for only a month , the finish is cracking and falling off . The quality is very cheap , and the description is misleading , as is definitely the price . I now would not even pay $ 100.00 for this lamp . If you want quality , of which you should for this new outrageous price , look and purchase a different lamp . It 's definitely not worth it !
 If you can find a better model , buy it instead . I replaced an older model Classic Accents push button switch -LRB- that had failed -RRB- with this one . I 'm just not impressed with the design . Older push button switches in my house do n't feel as cheap -LRB- when you press them down -RRB- as these newer replacements . What do I mean by `` cheap '' ? Wobbly buttons that do n't seem to engage completely.To be fair , Classic Accents has fast shipping and the switch works as advertised . They have a 100 % satisfaction guarantee and a 90 day return policy .
 I was highly disappointed with these light switches . They appear very cheaply made , and paying over 20 times more than a standard switch did n't sit well to find that they feel and sound cheap . They are made in China .
 These were installed throughout my house during a remodel . They are a disaster - they 've only been in use for less than 7 years and several have failed already . Some get finicky
 I do n't know what I was expecting , but this lamp does feel quite cheap . The lamp does n't fit well into the base -LRB- it 's much too loose -RRB- . It seems to function fine as a lamp , and if you do n't need to swing it around much it 's probably great , but I would avoid it if you need a lamp that you can easily adjust without fear that it 's going to fall apart as you maneuver it .
 I was extremely disappointed in the color of the bulb . After installing it & turning it on , the light was very dim and hardly green at all . I was so disappointed , I discarded them the same day I received them - what a waste of money . Would NOT recommed them to anyone .
 I ca n't believe that they 're selling these bulbs in the US . The light is green when you first turn the bulb on , then fades to a yellow-white-ish-greenish color . Emits a strange chemical odor when turned on . Threw these in the garbage because they 're not worth using . What should I expect for such a low price ? Something usable ? Now , I have to get green bulbs I need from Home Depot . -LRB- I know these are superior - I 've used them before -RRB- . Lesson learned . Anyway , do n't waste your money on this cheap crap !
 Clear yellow glass would be nice . 100 watts inside of a bulb PAINTED yellow gives about 15 watts of light !
 Waste of my money . Put a bit on , turn on the drill , bit false off . Sigh and Repeat . Cringe and Repeat . Throw drill across room .
 Was sold these as part of a packet with an engraver , but , they do n't work with an engraver - they require a drill type unit . They may be good , or they may not be , I would n't know . Make sure the accessories you order match the tool ordered ... ads can be confusing .
 I do n't know why Amazon thinks it would be a good idea for me to review a product I have not purchased from them or from anybody else . I do own a dremel , but there is no way they could know that . Based on the picture and other dremel sets I do own , I 'd say that it is 11 common tools in an oversized box . The box will not fit in a tool box , but you will want to keep it because other wise you will never find those stupid little pieces again . Not when you need them anyway.Take that for what it 's worth .
 I was miss lead by this company . The bits they show you in the picture give you the impression that they are a pretty good size . In fact these bits are so small , they could only be used best if you are a microscopic person . I can only recommend these bits if your doing some finish work , and intend to do really fine detail . I mean really small detail . The bits are not much bigger then a Nat fly.Please dont be fooled . Do n't buy from this company . But your choice . Buyer be ware!neil .
 I was disappointed with the kit . It was displayed better than the actual product . The items are really things you can get at any store.I wished I had known before I ordered it .
 Great price ... looks great . . Lot of emergency medical stuff inside . The bag was smaller than I wished . But for the money it ill work well . If you plan on adding much to the kit the bag is small ... You will need to purchase a large bag some place else . I did . I found a back pack at k-mart and transferred all the medical stuff to it .
 There was a hole in the food item -LRB- Mayday emergency food rations -RRB- and I contacted the seller attaching the picture together , but never got an answer back.If it was some other item that was damaged , then I would just be ok because it 's not something that edible , but this is something you need to eat and I do n't know what kind of things got into that hole and I do n't want to take this damage.If you are the seller , please contact me and replace this item .
 As pointed out in other reviews , this product is mislabeled . It is really a 2 small children or 1 large pre-teen child supplemental survival kit . It is totally inadequate for 2 adults or teenagers , and might do in an emergency for 1 adult if generously supplemented.Basically , you would be buying this for the additional food and water.So , it is good only as a child 's survival kit backup to a 3-4 person family survival kit.One task I had to perform was putting all the water vulnerable items in zip-loc quart and gallon bags to protect them against drenching rain .
 I order `` Quakehold ! 70280 Grab-n-Go Emergency Kit '' for $ 45 but then also ordered `` Deluxe 2-Person by SurvivalKitsOnline Perfect Survival Kit for Emergency Disaster Preparedness '' for $ 99 and you get so much more with that puppy . The Quakehold pack is 1/4 the size and full . The SurvivalKitsOnline pack is larger with way more pockets and has room for other items to be added . I stuffed the Quake items into the SurvivalKitsOnline pack . Also added a knife sharpenter and military compass , 5-in-1 shovel , bowie knife , 150 feet of rope and cord , all-weather gloves , plus more to be added . It still has room . Sure the pack tops around 40 + # 's but you have everything in it . Prepare your bug-out kit bB4 you need it people !!
 This kit is listed as a 2 person , 3 day kit . My kit came with all the miscellaneous items and three 2400 calorie food bars and 2 1-liter containers of water . Basically , they provide each adult ; 1200 calories of food and 1.4 cups of water per day . If all you were doing was laying around in an air conditioned room for three days , you would be hungry and partially dehydrated , but alive.The Red Cross -LRB- and others -RRB- recommend at least 1 gallon -LRB- 4 liters -RRB- of drinking water per person per day . Add extra , if you are going to be physically active -LRB- ie . trying to get out of the danger zone -RRB- , or in a warm -LRB- 80F + -RRB- climate .1200 calories is half of the average daily adult diet . Most adults in North America would consider this a starvation diet , and it is very inadequate if you are traveling , climbing , digging , moving debris , helping or taking care of others , etc. . On the other hand , it never hurts to lose a couple of pounds does it.For the price , it is a good deal , but realistically , this pack is more suited for ONE person for 3 days . Even at that , you will want to carry an extra couple of gallons of water with you.I contacted Amazon -LRB- the Seller -RRB- about the inadequacies and they refunded half of my payment with no questions asked . I used it to buy some additional food rations for my kit .
 We purchased two of these lights for paintings in our living room . When they were installed we could not believe how badly they lit the artworks . The only lit the top 1/6 of the paintings - actually mostly the wall immediately above the art , even when we trained them down as instructed . There were 5 small bulbs , in the size we bought , and rather then give an overall even lighting , they showed 5 separate spots of light . The light quality itself was unpleasant and it strained your eyes to look at the paintings . When we bought them the dealer said that they were non-returnable . Now we understand why . They must have had so many returns that they had to make that policy . Rather then give them away and inflict them on someone else , we threw them out in spite of the rather expensive price . We understood that The House of Troy has been in business for a long time and has a good reputation , so we were quite shocked .
 I purchased this heater , because I have a Honeywell baseboard heater that is flawless + is worth every penny . I also chose this one for its safety features , the ceramic quick heat up element , the oscillating feature to distribute the heat evenly , the digital temperature setting for precise temperature , + the quiet fan that is advertised on the box.This unit is extremely noisy . I have to crank up the volume on my TV to drowned out the heater fan . The oscillating feature broke in 2 weeks . I only use it at night before bed for 3-4 hours then shut it off . The heater was used , hours wise for less then 3 consecutive days + broke . The heater broke + will not send out any heat after only 3 months of this use , equivalent to 2 weeks of consecutive hour use . This unit was the worst space heater I have ever purchased . Honeywell should take this off the shelves + reimburse their customers.I am given this unit 1 star , because the review will not let me give it zero stars .
 I bought three of these for about $ 29 each -LRB- not thru Amazon -RRB- . I wanted to use them in my garage in the winter as it get a bit chilly in there . I figured I only needed 2 for the task but bought a third becuase of the good price and ` just in case ' ... Well , the first one died in less than a week and another died in less than a month ... nothing happend to cause these issues ... I just set them for 70 degrees and one day I went to turn them on and they were dead . My guess is the fuse ` safety ' or heat sensor technology on these is garbage and just blows for no good reason . There does not seem to be any way to replace the fuse so they are pretty much door stops now.Any product can have the odd lemon , but two out of three for a single customer that use them for about an hour or two at a time is pretty awful.I would avoid these like the plague and I am not inclined to ever buy a Honeywell product in the future .
 This heater only worked for 6 months , after 6 months the product stopped working . It does not come on at all . I have tried to plug the heater in different outlets and it still does not work . I feel like I just wasted $ 40 . I will never purchase another Honeywell heater .
 DO N'T BUY THIS UNIT . The thermostat shows the heater temperature and not the room temperature . It will only run for a few minutes and then shut off . Customer service was not helpful.Save yourself the trouble and buy a different product .
 I bought the HZ-365 -LRB- probably same heater -RRB- a couple years ago in case it got cold in our finished lower level . We had a couple of occasions to use it and it performed okay . It looked pretty cool and the remote control is a nice feature . We moved into an active adult community -LRB- no steps , slab , heat vents from the ceiling -RRB- and some areas get a bit chilly in the winter . I plugged in our Honeywell heater and nothing . No lights come on . Nothing happens . I read in the manual that the unit can not be disassembled . It has a tip-over switch that is probably stuck . Anyway , do n't know how to get repaired under 5-year warranty as proof of purchase is long gone . I 'm disappointed that I shelled out 40 bucks for a product that I got to use only a few times .
 So I bought two of these heaters because they look great and I thought they would be nice to save on power instead of using my central heating ... BIG MISTAKE . They both magically stopped working within 6 months of using . They just do n't turn on anymore ! the light blinks but the units wo n't work . These people made it like this on purpose . I gaurantee it . They want you to keep having to buy it over and over ... I will never buy any honeywell products again . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS !
 What 's odd is that while this seems to generate heat when your hand is right over the grill , at less than a foot away , there is nothing in terms of heat output . The remote works , at least , and it shuts off when it gets tilted , so all that is good . However , the thermostat in this thing is awful - it does n't measure the room temperature but measures instead the plastic heat in the back of the unit , which heats quickly so the unit shuts off and you ca n't force it back on . Overall , it does not do the job . They need to move the thermostat and get a stronger fan in this thing . Do n't bother buying .
 Got one of these today . Thot the other guys that had this problem were just unlucky , and decided to trust the Honeywell name . Boy , was I wrong . SureSet , my foot . The thermostat in this device does indeed seem to be measuring the temperature of the unit itself , although not the actual element , maybe the heated plastic body . I do not recommend that anyone buys this heater if they want to use the automatic mode . It functions well in the high and low constant heating mode . I have a lasko 5365 heater as well , that works well in all modes.Update
 Ditto the other 's observations ... The thermostat seems to register the temperature of the unit itself rather than the room ... I had the thing in a 63 degree room , had it set to 85 degrees . It would register 90 after 30 seconds of running , turn off , slowly ramp back down to 84 degrees over a 2 minute time period , and then repeat . The temperature of the room never got above 64 degrees ...
 The thermometer of this heater is completely messed up . It does not measure the room temperature , but the temperature of the air that has just been heated up . In other words , if your room temperature is 60 degrees and you program it to heat up the room to 70 degrees it will do so -LRB- according to the thermometer reading -RRB- in less 2 minutes and stop . If you do not use this functionality , but instead let the heater run for some time -LRB- 5-10 minutes -RRB- the thermometer will want to make you believe that the room temperature has gone up to 90 degrees . The thermometer is probably in the wrong location . Did Honeywell do any kind of testing before putting this model on the market ?!
 My daughter has been using this unit in her bedroom everyday this winter . It does a good job of heating her room . HOWEVER - I 've noticed that the plastic case has actually started to warp and MELT , the seam where it 's put together is starting to open , you can see the wiring inside .
 This Honeywell HZ-338 Sure-Set Ceramic Heater with Oscillation space heater is ideal for a small and confined space , such as under a secretary 's desk , a small bathroom with low ceiling . But if you are looking for a space heater to keep a bedroom warm , this one wo n't do .
 When I purchased this heater approximately 4 years ago , it came with a 5 year warranty . This item has been replaced under warranty 6 times in the past 4 years . The oscillation feature usually stops functioning properly after a few months . Some of the units I received as warranty replacements would short out . One of the replacement units stopped working and would not turn on . Another replacement unit would consistently pop the circuit breaker . Almost all of them stopped heating effectively after 6 months of use . The company was good to work with , they continued to replace the defective units during the warranty period . The first few that went defective , I had to pay shipping to return the unit to the company in order to receive a replacement . The next few that went defective , they had me cut the power cord off and send them a piece of the cord . The last one I returned , the company paid to have it sent back . The company finally sent me a different model as a replacement , that appears to be working better , it is the HZ370 . I do not recommend purchasing the HZ338 , it has serious operational issues and electrical design flaws that could be hazardous .
 There are a few decent things I like about this heater , and one of them was the oscillation feature -LRB- which moves it back and forth -RRB- . I was pleased enough with the first unit I bought that I ended up ordering a second one for a separate room.Not long after , however , the oscillation feature broke on the first one . The thing started by making this loud clicking sound as it turned ; then a few days later , it just stopped moving altogether . And in case you 're wondering , YES , it continued to make the annoying clicking sound!The heating element continued to work fine , but one of my favorite features was now gone . So I shugged at my bad luck and switched the one with the broken oscillator to the less-used room.But a few weeks later , the other one started clicking too , and I was like , `` oh crap . '' In short order , its oscillator stopped working too . At that point , I concluded that bad luck had nothing to do with it . The gears inside must be super-cheapo plastic or something , because now I have two of these things , and neither of them oscillate ! LOUSY ! LOUSY ! LOUSY !
 We purchased HZ-338-TGT for a gift and my 90 year old mother-in-law used it twice before it quit working completely . It could n't have stopped at a worst time because we were experiencing minus 0 chill factors and blizzard conditions.It does n't even power up or show any indication that it may work . We did some research on the web and found others have similar problems with the same heater.I called to check out the return policy and was shocked to find out that we had to return it at our cost and on top of that send in 10.00 for handing fees with no reimbursement . This seems pretty absurd because the product is evidently defective . This is n't what I expected from a name brand of Honeywell and the Kaz Company.We will never buy another Honeywell product . There are other brands out there with better customer service .
 I plug it in . Touch the power button . It works about one time out of 5 . I 've had it too long to send it back . When it does turn on , it seems to measure temperature from the air that it 's just heated , so it shuts itself off after about 90 seconds . In some rooms , that is ... In other rooms , I 've had it run for several hours at a time . It 's so inconsistent . A heater should work when you turn it on , and stay on until you turn it off - or until the room reaches the desired temperature . This is n't rocket science ! I spent almost $ 50 for this thing . It should work ... . I 've tried to contact Honeywell customer service , with no response . Glad to see I 'm not alone in my misery ...
 The fan assembly must be of very poor quality . I 've seen this model work well which is why I bought it . But I bought 2 of them at 2 different places including 1 from Amazon and both of them had this horrible fan noise.My guess is they had a bad lot of them with bad fans , they should pull these off the market until they can get the fan problem fixed .
 Can not recommend this at all . The temperature settings are either `` roast '' or `` useless '' , the noise level is like having a small engine in the room with you , and it barely projects 6 feet beyond where it sits . What a waste of money - and I paid full original price for this . Honeywell needs to do some serious quality checks in their home appliance sector ... . infant death may be common in the electronics market but that does n't mean consumers are enjoying shelling out cash over and over again year after year .
 I gave these as a gift to my Mom and Dad and they stopped working after three months they tried getting in touch with Brinkeman but have not been able to get them replaced
 I have 1/8 '' braided nylon cord in 50 ' lengths that I bought at Lowes for around $ 6.40 each . So imagine my delight at finding 600 ' of 1/8 '' braided nylon cord on sale for $ 22.43 delivered.I received the roll of cord this afternoon . I was puzzled by the light weight of the roll of nylon cord inside the box , until I saw the size . The cord I received measures a bit over 1/16 '' and less than 1/8 '' . If the cord had been marked correctly it would have been marked as 1/16 '' nylon cord.I do n't know what possible use anyone would have for this cord . To me , it is not cord but string . Maybe it is kite string ?
 I received an email from Amazon offering 50 % off purchases of tools.I came across these nails at 50 % off for $ 27.35 for 2500 pcs . Wow a smokin deal!I received my nails along with packlist .500 nails in the box packlist says 2500 nails as offered @ $ 27.35 . No problem , I called Amazon and they sent me a return label and sent me out a new box of nails noting it should be 2500pcs . Received my new order . Same thing . Emailed amazon and they said since it happed twice there was no sense In trying again and again and gave me another return label.I 'm just disappointed . This was my first negative experience with Amazon .
 It is hard to believe other good ratings . Although it is good quality & works fine with my guns , it is more costly to buy small package ... only 20 % compare to typical framing gun nail . Paslode at HomeDepot contain 2,500 nail in a box and it is much better deal than buying this small amount -LRB- 500 -RRB- . This small box wo n't finish even small framing project anyway . This is the my first disappointment purchace from Amazon .
 It so happens that I purchased several accessories to the Bosch Table SawBosch 4100-09 10-Inch Worksite Table Saw with Gravity-Rise Standbefore I bought the saw itself . The reason for doing so -- yes , I admit it was rather warped logic , if even logic at all -- was that once I had all those accessories , I just would feel forced to buy the new saw . You can see the duality , right ? Part of me wanted that saw BAD , and part of me did not want to spend the money.Anyway , once I purchased the saw -LRB- see my review elsewhere on Amazon.com -RRB- , I installed the dust collector bag and started using it . Before too long it developed a tear that grew increasingly larger . Because this saw is advertised as being a contractor 's tool , then it should be of a quality to support that . Not just the saw , but its accessories should be , too . A heavier gauge fabric or a different material altogether for this bag would have been appropriate . Sorry Bosch , I 'm not impressed .
 I picked up this bag when I purchased the Bosch 4000 table saw . I was hoping to avoid using a vaccuum attachment on the job site . I quickly found that if I was serious about containing saw dust , I had to ditch this collection bag . It collected maybe half the dust , if that . If you have the power to run both the saw and a vaccuum attachment , do it , and leave the bag for when you can work outside or you can unplug the saw and vaccuum up the mess .
 Do n't do it ! I bought the bag to go with my worksite Bosch Table Saw -LRB- the saw is awesome -RRB- . There is dust everywhere , including a bit in the bag . But if it 's going to be everywhere anyway , I still need to vacuum , so now I need to do that AND empty the bag too.I would have saved the 15 bucks and upped the shop vac to the next level instead .
 the picture looks good but the performance is disapointing !! it does catch some saw dust but the rest ends up on floor and in your face !! with the bag on , the back pressure from the bag over the exhaust forces the dust around the blade guard and up !! through the table plate and into your face !!! wear eye protection ! better off investing the money in a vacuum system or a hose connector for my Jet-dust system ? -LRB- jim casey - carpentry , mashpee ma . -RRB-
 This dust collector bag does catch a majority of the sawdust during cuts , however , sawdust still flies out the bottom , top and around the blade , so doing cuts in a closed basement or closed garage is still going to require clean-up .
 About 70 percent of the sawdust makes it into an empty bag with the amount becoming less as the bag fills . When the bag is over 50 % full , most of the saw dust goes in the air , on the floor , etc. . I have since stopped using the bag because my shop vac hose fits the sawdust port .
 As mentioned in another review here , your best bet for collecting sawdust from your table saw is with a Shop Vac or other shop vacuum . This bag , instead of collecting dust , impedes the flow of waste material and makes more of a mess in the shop than running the saw without the bag . It will collect some material , but far more material is blown up from the saw and into the work space when the bag is attached .
 Most of the dust blows out around the saw blade , but there is a little bit left over that collects in the bag . I 'd say about 20 % of the dust is actually collected . Save your money and use a shop vac or a real dust collector .
 The bag simply collects some of the saw dust . At best 50 % . It is much better to use a shop vac 's tubing inserted directly into the output of the saw . I put together a common switch so they both go on at the same time . My rear bagger is already in the dust bin in my shop -LRB- used it 6 times in 3 weeks -RRB-
 I purchased this bag in hopes that end of day clean-up would be made simpler . Despite cutting only kiln-dried interior trim stock the sawdust began backing up in the saw 's discharge chute long before the bag was even half full . I guess only a dust collection system will help me .
 Please pay attention to the one to three star ratings . This dust collection bag only captures 50 % or less of the dust coming off the Bosch table saw . It 's not really worth the money . The table saw just does n't build up enough air pressure to force much of the dust into the bag.A much better , although more expensive , solution is a shop vacuum connected toThe Dust Deputy -LRB- $ 89.99 -RRB- and aniVac Automated Vacuum Switch -LRB- $ 48.95 -RRB- -LRB- both sold on Amazon -RRB- . The Dust Deputycaptures about 99 % of the stuff that normally goes into the vacuum which saves on filters or frequent messy emptying , and theiVac Automated Vacuum Switchlets you simply turn on the saw so that the vacuum turns on and off automatically . Great combination and a much cleaner work shop .
 Does not work . Most power tool dust bags do not work that well . Best case is that they may capture 70 % of the saw dust . This was not even close . I had a pile of saw dust all over the floor and saw and almost none in the bag . You would be better off just putting a sock or stocking on the exhaust .
 I got this for my husband and it was n't all that great . He says they will have to greatly improve it before he would ever consider purchasing another one .
 If this bag works as well as the miter saw bag then you would be much better off buying a box of dust masks and a pair of coveralls . Waste of money .
 simple to install and pretty effective . The only draw back is that slivers of scap wood can easily block the `` sawdust tunnel '' that feeds the dust into the catcher . Empties easily .
 For what is is , it works well . Bag will clog if cutting wet material . bag lays on ground , so if ground is wet , it 's a mess . There is no suction , so sawdust still comes up from blade , therefore material will get sawdust on it , therefore sawdust will get on the ground . I do n't know where to store this thing , so now when I need it , I 'm looking all over the place for it .2 1/2 '' shop vac hose slides right onto saw . It is the better choice . I use a foot switch christmas tree extension cord so I can turn vacum on and off with ease .
 Bought this along with the saw since I knew I 'd be using it inside for installing new flooring.It ` collected ' maybe half of the saw dust . Finally disconnected this waste of money and hooked the shop vac to the saw with much better results .
 I am surprised that some people gave the dust bag a high rating.Based on the sawdust that I swept up around the saw and the sawdust collected in the bag , I would roughly estimate the bag collected less than 20 % of the sawdust created . I was expecting at least 60 % . It is possible that others get different results depending on the wood that they are cutting and the blade that they are using.At least , I was using my saw outside on my driveway.Hopefully , I will get better results using my Festool shop vacuum.I purchased the bag from Amazon.ca . Great service . I was pleased at how quickly they filled the order . I was n't so pleased how the book on plumbing that was shipped in the same order got creased .
 I do multiple installs in a day and any product that can save me time makes me money . Clean up is a requirement and I was hoping this bag would at least help with containing the pile of sawdust that my bosch table creates . It does not . In fact , the bag will catch about a 1/3 or less and then because you have covered the exhaust hole , the sawdust will then blow back thru the blade opening into your face , even with the blade barely exposed over your material . This blow back of course causes a dust cloud around the saw . Its faster to clean up a large pile of sawdust on the ground from the exhaust hole than cleaning up a 5 ' area all around the saw from that dust cloud created by using the bag . It looks nice and is big enough , but doesnt do the job at all .
 I hoped this would do as stated in the other reviews , but I was disappointed with several things
 While a great concept , this dust collection bag proved of little worth to my dust collection efforts . I found that hooking my shop vac up to the dust ejection port on the back of my Bosch table saw is infinitely better than this bag , which only collected about 50-60 % of the sawdust
 This bagger is worthless uless you want a lot of dust and debree in your workshop -LRB- and lungs -RRB- -- it collects almost nothing . Hook a ShopVac to the exhaust of your table saw .
 Thought I would give this bag a try as I was purchasing a few other items on Amazon and take advantage of the free shipping offer . The Bosch table saw that the bag attaches to is great , the bag is not ! When ripping a 2 X 4 the chips just plug up in the bottom of the saw as there is not enough flow into the bag . The bag also plugged up at the next job when I was just doing general cross cut work in poplar and oak . Probably need to purchase one of those canister type dust collectors . Save your money and dont buy this Bosch accessory .
 i thought i would use this for the small quick cuts but once you attach the bag , the saw blows the chips into the bag -LRB- ok so far -RRB- BUT the pressure that builds up because the air doesnt escape out of the bag as fast as it is blown in causes the chips to blow back up through the saw blade opening right into your face -LRB- and all around you too -RRB- . i measured the dust i had to clean up vs the dust collected and it did seem to get about 50 % of the sawdust -LRB- very rough/unscientific measurement -RRB- but at that point i had to go through the exact same amount of effort to clean up the dust that blew out of the machine.not worth it
 Not worth the price you ask ? It 's only $ 11.00 . True . Do n't waste your $ 11.00 . Instead plug a shop vac into the exhaust port of the table saw . The small exhaust port gets jammed easily and if that happens , forget collecting any dust in the bag . If the exhaust port stays clear , then I 'd say I collect about 10 % of the dust produced . Especially with MDF . What a mess !! I built a moble stand for the saw and folding stand so I push the whole thing out into the drive way and use it out there because of the mess it makes inside the garage.The saw is great and I 'm very happy with it . I gave it 4 or 5 five stars in my review of the saw itself . But this collection bag is pointless . Save your money and spend it elsewhere.Until I get my dust collector for all my tools , I use this bag on my DeWalt 2-speed planer where it works great . I empty it frequently , but that 's a planer for you .
 The 4000K must rank way up there with the world 's greatest sawdust dispersing tools . My Dust Collector was tried and failed . It is now gathering dust -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . It is a nice thing to look at and seems to fit OK , but you would n't want to depend on it . I ca n't be certain with actual efficiency rating , but I 'd be shocked if you could prove it captured even half the sawdust . Get a REAL dust extractor with enough vacuum to suck the paint off the tablesaw stand , and you will be sure to collect 90 % of the saw 's by-product . The other 10 % will be up your nose unless you wear a paper mask . :--RRB- But real men eat sawdust , do n't they ?
 Sorry , First this bag is not as large as it looks , rather small in fact . In fact it does n't look like the picture posted at all . It did come in a Bosh package but I ca n't immagine Bosch would put out this product . The sawdust gets clogged in the neck of the bag and the dust starts blowing back from the blade . I know it is difficult to collect sawdust from a table saw but this just is n't the solution . It can be a pain in the neck but just keep your shop vac attached .
 Like tits on a bull . I was working with a dado blade , and maybe 5 % of any chips/dust made it into the bag - the rest fell to the floor . If anybody has a better solution , please let me know .
 This thing is 100 % useless ! It hardly collects any dust at all , and what 's worse is that it causes the dust tube on the saw to clog up , thereby causing the blade `` well '' to clog up and spit dust back in my face . Not cool ! I threw it in the trash .
 This dust bag is so filmy I am afraid to handle it fearing I might tear it . For 12 bucks you think Bosch would spend a little more on the materials . It is an insult to the TS4000 saw . Shame !
 Would get the same results if I tied on an old sock to the dust chute.Quickly clogs and becomes ineffective . Use a Vac or dust collector instead .
 This dust collection bag captured a good portion of the sawdust , but creates too much resistance to airflow , causing sawdust to blow back in your face . I had to take it off . Disappointing .
 I have a big roof project coming up . I was going to order about 7-10 boxes of these and decided to check around . Lowes offers a quantity of over 7300 nails for $ 35.00 . -LRB- lowes item #
 I own a set of the Kett and the Porter Cable siding shears.They appear to be exactly the same.In fact I 've replaced the blades in the Porter Cable with the Kett replacement set . You get the center and both side blades for less than you pay for just the PC center blade.They both have the same problem . The bolts that hold the blades in are constantly breaking , and can be a pain to replace .
 This zero clearance insert is flimsy to the point of being dangerous . Particularly true if cutting anything narrow . The insert caves in against the blade , and it 's just asking for trouble . Everything else I have ever used by Bosch -- including the table saw -- is amazingly superior to this piece of junk . It surprises me that they would compromise in so critical an area .
 I purchased this TS1005 Zero Clearance Insert at the same time I bought the Dado Insert . Unlike the Dado Insert , however , this product is poorly contructed of cheap materials . The insert is so flimsy that I can not get it level with the table not matter how much I adjust the leveling screws . My biggest gripe with the insert is that is does not `` snap '' into place but you must attach it with machine screws . This causes long changeovers and presents the opportunity to lose the mounting screws . If I had know that insert was designed in this manner I would have made my own out of a much sturdier material.Do not waste your money on this product . Find a better alternative at Rockler or a similar source .
 The price is low , but I ca n't recommend it . The metal plates for the pawls to glide on fell off -LRB- one before it arrived -RRB- , and the plastic is really flimsy . I bought a nice one from Woodcraft for several times the price , but it was well worth it . If you are n't sure you need a zero clearance insert , you can start with the Bosch , but you are better off applying the money to a good one . Making your own out of plywood is another option . I like the saw , though !
 Though it is good that this product is plastic because it allows you to create the sloted hole you need for your table saw or dado , the product does not have a locking clip and will not sit well or stay in your table saw track . It does not have adjustible screws either to fine tune the height within your table saw slot . Over all , I think this was a piece of crap . You may consider just making your own out of spare hard wood or plywood .
 In my opinion , it is best to make your own zero tolerance plate out of some MDF or similar material . There are You-tube video 's explaining just how to do this . I watched this one and made my own . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was initially excited when I received this insert blank . I followed the included instructions and cut the blade opening . Very simple . The problems with this item is it 's made of plastic and is n't solid enough to not flex when screwed down to the insert opening . As you tighten the screws it contorts pushing some areas up and proud of the saw 's table top , and other areas down and below the surface . It has adjustments for height so you can set it even with the table 's surface , but that only helps in certain areas of the insert . It 's jut too flexible . Also , I use theGrr-ripper Deluxe Supreme Systemwhich relies on you pressing down on your work as you guide it past the blade . Because this insert flexes , it foils your attempts at maintaining adequate pressure on your work piece . That 's too bad as not having a useable zero insert is one of the biggest drawback of the Bosch table saw .
 The product was cheap and you get what you pay for . It will work but is not what I was expecting when I ordered it .
 For pieces under 8 '' , if you 're pressing down on the workpiece , the zero-clearance insert has some give to it . It 's just not sturdy enough to hold the piece up . For large pieces that are continuously also supported by the table , this is fine , but for small things , well , I 've moved to using a table saw sled . At some point , I 'll cut new zero clearance inserts out of hardwood ; this is one of those things that 's best done yourself , but if you do n't have a thickness planer , this is certainly something to buy.Updating my review
 I own and use a number of Bosch tools and I 've been thrilled with quality of construction and design in each of them -LRB- 4000 table saw , bosch colt palm router , bosch 3/8 '' drill -RRB- . Which is why I am completely surprised at the terrible quality of these insert plates . They are made of very thin , very flimsy plastic . If you push down on them they will bend . On thin workpieces this means your cut-line can get screwed up if you provide too much -LRB- and I 'm not talking about a lot -RRB- downward pressure ! For a product that is supposed to improve the quality of your cuts , these inserts are a failure.I would not buy these plates . If you need a zero clearance insert I think your best option is to make your own which is , unfortunately , rather difficult for this particular saw .
 This was a waste of money . The plastic it 's made from is cheap and flimsy . If you put any downward pressure on your material as you push it through the saw the insert deflects and your material gets caught on the lip between the table and the insert . Threw it right in the garbage and made my own from Baltic birch plywood .
 This zero clearance insert is made entirely of cheap thin plastic . It 's nowhere near flat and flexes with the slightest pressure . When you talk about a zero clearance insert , you expect something that 's flat and rigid . It is impossible to level the insert with the table because it is so flimsy and not flat to begin with . I do n't know what they were thinking when they designed it ... Or if they were thinking at all.Anyways , pass this one up . I 'm very dissatisfied with it . It ' s just plain useless . Do n't get me wrong . I love my other Bosch tools . They 're great but someone seriously dropped the ball on this one . I just hope that Bosch -LRB- or someone else -RRB- corrects the problem and makes a zero clearance insert that 's worthy of their name .
 This thing is a toy . It has no place on a saw as well designed as the TS 4000 . Pros - It is red.Cons-It is about as rigid as a blade of grass.It is molded from material that is about as thin as a blade of grass.It is impossible to make it level with your table because it flexes every time a board touches it.Every time my saw starts , it catches a tiny sliver of the insert edge.Bottom line - The best use for this thing might be as a template to make your own out of ply . Love my 4000 . But , this insert is a waste .
 As stated in a few other reviews , a waste of money . Plastic is flexible and does not provide support for small pieces . Make you own from 1/4 '' plywood .
 The insert is made of plastic and when you raise the blade to cut through the insert it cuts it in half leaving very little support when you run material over it . Because it 's made of plastic it flexes downward as you run the material being cut over it . This item should be made of metal like the other inserts and have the plastic insert only where the blade comes through . This would provide for better support
 It is easy enough to use , but i is made of thin plastic , which offers no suport once cut . It is impossible to level with the table due to the inherent flex in the material . You are better off making your own from wood .
 Despite the bad reviews , I bought 2 of these . They are not great . They flex and they wo n't stay perfectly flat , but they do keep those small slices from falling inside the saw . ~ When I get the extra time ~ I 'll replace these with something more substantial , until then , it gets the job done .
 I love the saw -LRB- though I recommend replacing the stock blade immediately with a quality blade , try a Forrest Woodworker II , you 'll think you were using a top-of-the-line cabinet saw -RRB- , but this insert is a worthless piece of junk . Cheap , flexible plastic that does n't stay flat and bends easily with any pressure on it . The support it provides is so flimsy I expect it crosses the line into dangerous . The saw is so great it really deserves to have respectable accessories .
 Ok this insert is beyond flimsy . It is extremely thin and does not stay flat . It flex 's so badly that any small cut will cause the blade to bind and chop the edge of the insert , thus defeating the whole purpose of a ZERO clearance insert . Worse then any of that is if you are cutting a thin strip from the work piece while using a push stick the work piece can actually tilt to the side as it passes the blade causing serious kickback and jamming . To find a GOOD insert do a google search on `` Bosch Zero Clearance Insert '' and order one made from UHMW Polyethylene . They cost about $ 15 but last forever and are as thick as the metal insert that comes with the saw . The other option is to make your own from plywood , but be aware 1/4 inch ply is too thick for the plate . I used 1/4 baltic birch and ran it thru my planner to get an exact fit , then I had to rout the edges in a few places to get and exact ht on the edge . I did use the leveling screws out of the cheap plastic Bosch insert to level my plywood version . I hope this helps and if you do use this insert BE VERY CAREFUL !
 This insert is supposed to minimize the blade clearance . It does do that . However when you start using it on a regular basis , you find the end of the insert bends downward depending on your material being cut , especially smaller material , resulting in uneven cuts . The adjustment screws do not compensate the leveling of the insert very well because the insert is not stiff or rigid ! Hope Bosch changes it .
 It is a mystery to me , how Bosch can make such a fine table saw such as the 4100 and then come up with a POC like this insert . It is a flimsy thin piece that melts when you try to raise the blade to cut the kerf . It throws little melted chunks of red plastic all over the shop . If you try to use it as advertised it cracks . Save your money and buy the PW948 insert here on Amazon and sold by Peachtree for $ 16.99 .
 I bought this to cut small pieces of wood precisely . The deflection was a problem . The normal insert has some as well -LRB- but less -RRB- which complicates the squaring of the blade process . I had the trouble of the normal insert marking my wood with its red paint , so I thought this might be better . It 's much flimsier and comes with mounting screws to keep it in place . -LRB- It does n't pop in and out like the factory insert -RRB- . I have a crap blade I use to cut normal wood and a nice Freud blade for my more delicate work . So the idea of having to add the extra steps to remove the plate -LRB- and find a philips head driver -RRB- to replace the blade just does n't make sense .
 These nails work with my Hitachi 45N , but not well at all . The heads bend often and do not always come out consistently . Put the money out for name brand nails .
 I bought the exact same saw except that it was a 13 amp -LRB- v. 15 amp -RRB- model , check out the specs . It felt cheap coming out of the box -- thin plastic everywhere they could put it , the guard fench -LRB- the only thing protecting you -RRB- is a miserable design which comes lose on a regular basis -LRB- you find yourself fighting to hold the saw together while you 're cutting -RRB- . Maybe some folks have found this to be an acceptable tool for the price , but I recommend against it . If you 're not going to buy a replacement in the next 3 years , it is probably worth the extra $ 100 bucks to buy a brand that makes solid product . You 'll end up using it much more instead of sadly reverting to your circular hand saw.In contrast with Delta 's low end equiptment , I have had great experience with DeWalt and Makita models -- both are , however , in a slightly higher price range .
 I bought this saw in November of 2000 . It was my first table saw . I 'm was setting up a shop in my garage to build a little furniture and stuff for around the house . This is a direct drive saw -LRB- no belt -RRB- . It seemed pretty good at first but started to get louder and louder after a few months . Then it started to make funny noises and then in November of 2001 the gear box quit . The motor turned but the blade did n't . So I took it in for repair on November 15,2001 . Well , so what it 's got a 2 year warranty ? It 's now January 14 , 2002 , I called Dave at the repair place again -LRB- Pelham Tool in Portchester , NY -RRB- and he said that they got some of the parts in but not all of them . He also said that Delta has been realy slow in getting them parts . My advice to anyone - stay away from this one . *** UPDATE *** January 25 , 2002 I just talked to Karen at Delta in Jackson , TN and she said she would call Pelham Tool today and make sure that they would get the parts they need to fix my saw . Stay tuned folks ... *** UPDATE *** January 29 , 2002 I got my saw back this afternoon , fixed . Sold it to a guy at work for a hundred bucks . I need something a little more heavy duty . I 'm going to check out the Ridgid in Home Depot . Stay tuned folks ...
 I 've had this machine for 3-years . Unless you just want to rip 2x4 's for framing , run away from this purchase . The motor is good , but that 's only positive bit of news about this saw.The miter slots are a joke . The included gauge has about 3/16 '' of slop in them , and no other gauges on the market fit it either . The throat plate stinks too . Forget making a zero-clearance insert , because the table top is so poorly designed that you can only use a steel throat plate . Plan on building sleds for any cross-cutting you want to do.Don ' t even get me started on the fence which I bent while bolting a sacrificial fence on it the very first day .
 I bought this saw about 6 weeks ago to replace an ancient Craftsman . I wanted to use it a while before forming an opinion and my opinion is ... spend the extra money and buy a real saw.This saw is basically a toy . It has a plastic housing and that right there should tell you about the quality . The fence is questionable at best , it does n't stay where you lock it and it and the miter gauge does n't even come close to fitting the slot . For -LSB- what I paid -RSB- I was n't expecting a whole lot but just a little accuracy would 've been nice . What a disappointing purchase . I guess in order to get a decent saw you need to spend at least twice the amount of this saw ... now I just got ta find someone to buy this one .
 I should have spent another 100 bucks and bought a better quality saw . No such thing as a bargin ! The Delta 10 '' table saw is a poorly made product produced in Tiawan . Out of the box the blade needed adjustment . The adjustment mechanism is hard to reach . I had to max out the adjustment to square the blade . The table top does not have grooves or lines to align the fence . The fence moves a 1/16 '' when I tighten it . I have to measure from blade to fence for every cut . The motor vibrates when cutting any board thicker then 1 1/2 '' resulting in an uneven cut . Even if you 're a beginner looking for an entry level saw ... do n't buy this saw . You 'll be frustrated . A good carpenter does n't blame his tools ... but with this poorly designed and made saw I 'll make an exception . I regret buying this saw .
 I 've owned this saw for a year . The price of this saw is its main appeal . It 's also portable.However , it has many drawbacks . The miter slot is loose and inaccurate . Attaching a wooden fence to the miter gauge amplifies the problem . The saw is very loud , you 'll need ear plugs to use it for an extended period of time . The fence is quite poor , and pains must taken to ensure it 's parallel to the blade after every adjustment . Ensuring the blade is parallel to the table is also a frequent activity , as it frequently moves after use . The blade guard is also lousy requiring , as with all other parts on this saw , frequent adjustment.Overall , this is a cheap saw that can be used with some success if you understand the limitations and have a lot of patience .
 I initially gave this saw 5 stars . Not sure what I was smoking that day . After using this saw for about a month , I got so sick of the small table and terrible fence that I went out and purchased a contractor saw . It was the best decision that I made . I 've been using it for over 6 months and love the size of the table . I lost about -LSB- price -RSB- selling this one used . I guess this one would be ok for the very occasional woodworker , but if you get addicted to wwing like me , then you will wish you had a bigger saw very quickly . Just remember the tablesaw is the heart of any workshop , do n't waste your money on this circular saw , oh I mean table saw : -RRB-
 I JUST BOUGHT A DELTA 36-680 OR SO I THOUGHT.THE BOW SAID 36-679 ON THE BOX . THE SAW ISNT REALLY A 36-680 DELTA TOLD ME THERES NO ACTUAL 36-680 THATS JUST THE EXTRA PARTS.THE SAW SHOULD BE A 36-679 THEY SAID.OK WHY DOES IT HAVE A 36-670 LABEL ON IT.I CALLED DELTA AGAIN WHEN I SAW THE LABEL AND FOUND OUT THEY FORGOT TO REPLACE IT WITH A 36-679 LABEL.WHAT A PIECE OF OLD MIS LABELD JUNK . PLEASE GO TO MY REIVEW AT AMASONS DELTA 36-680 REVEIEW PAGE AND READ HOW THEY ARE SCAMMING PEOPLE AND PUTTING NEW LABELS ON OLD SAWS . TRUST ME IT 'S WORTH READING BEFORE YOU MAKE A EXPENSIVE MISTAKE AND WASTE VALUABLE TIME.IT TELLS WHAT YOU SHOULD EXPECT FROM DELTA . BEWARE OF OLD SAWS WITH NEW LABELS.THEIR 1 1/2 HP MOTOR IS WEEK AND SHUTS OFF WHILE CUTTING PANELING.YES I SQAURED EVERTHING UP FIRST . THIS IS AND ALL MY REVIEWS ARE HONEST.I AM JUST A GUY THAT GOT STIFFED BY DELTA . GOOD LUCK .
 These coils were packaged loosely in the box , and all coils were crushed against each other when they arrived . Even after straightening them up they caused the most jams so far . Would not purchase these again . The packager needs to work on the packaging of these nails .
 These usually come in 7200 per box not 720 per box as noted on this page.Go to cornerhardware.com or nailzone .
 This item was recommended as a mate to the Bosh PS20 - 12vollt pocket drill/driver . Well it does n't fit the drill.Amazon should check their own suggestions . This was a waste of money for me .
 As mentioned by others , Amazon recommends you buy this product along with the Bosch 10.8 volt pocket driver . As also was stated , this chuck is not compatible with the pocket driver . My teenage son bought me the pocket driver and the chuck for Christmas . He thought the chuck was actually a drill bit chuck , which would allow me to use the pocket driver as a cordless drill . Obviously he did n't read the description closely , as this is not a drill bit chuck . My issue is with Amazon suggesting this product as a companion to the pocket driver . Even if it did fit the pocket driver , why would you need an add-on `` Clic-Change '' chuck for a device that has a `` Clic-Change '' chuck already built into it ? In this case , Amazon needed to do a better job knowing what it was recommending to its customers .
 I received the item very fast , Thanks to Amazons 2day free Prime shipping . Just recently used the Clic-change bit with one of the Phillips screwdriver tips , midway through the job the end of the tip cracked and broke , it is un-usable . I did n't use it in a manner that it is not suppose to be used and i take care of all my tools , was not thrown around and has been stored safely since it was purchased . I contacted Bosch and explained to them what happened and they basically told me to either ship the item to them at my own expense -LRB- which would probably be half the cost that i paid for the set -RRB- or send it back where I purchased it . Not even going to bother paid under $ 9 for the set , but expected it to last a little while . The Clic change bit is handy and convenient , but it feels like it will start to fail soon too . Its a shame too because i own several other Bosch products and was planning on purchasing more but this experience with the Bosch warranty service and its product made me decide to stick with other brands .
 I was under the empression that the chuck set fit the Bosch screw driver.your add links them together . The chuck has a 1/2 '' stem and the Bosch can only handle a 1/4 '' . The bits fit well , but not the chuck . I spent my money on the wrong item .
 Pros : Bits are from Good quality . Can be used on a 10mm driller -LRB- driver -RRB- . Cons : Do not fit a 1/4 inch driver .
 I 've had this dado insert for about 9 months now and have finally reached my wits end with end and felt compelled to write a review . Overall , I am very pleased with Bosch products ; their power tools are top notch and high quality . Given their typical tool quality , it is even more surprising that this product is a complete dud . For months I 've tried to get it level using the the leveling screws included with the dado plate ... it would never true up and was always out of plumb . This ends up affecting cut quality if the insert is not perfectly level with the fence . So I decided to turn it upside down on the flat table portion of my saw ... low and behold , it is warped . I can feel it rocking back and forth significantly which means it will never be level regardless of how much I tweak the screws . I think the statute of limitations has run out in terms of returning it , but if you order this product , please turn it upside down on a flat surface to make sure it sits flat before you put it to use . I love Bosch , but this insert is a huge disappointment and has caused me many a headache when trying to cut perfect dadoes . Since they 're not too expensive , I may still try another one .
 This does not fit my Bosch 4000-09 very well at all . I have to use a piece of scrap or a rubber mallet to hammer it in to place , and it 's very difficult if not impossible to level due to that . I 'm rather disappointed in this insert . I will probably be making my own out of plywood going forward .
 I looked at this and decided not to use it . I 've kept it as a pattern and made my own out of 3/8 ply.Anyway , dado blades are set to different widths , you need different inserts for each width , and this is just one width , too wide for many uses .
 Disappointed with the insert . Love the saw and the stand . The dado insert only allows a 1/2 '' cut . A 3/4 '' dado setup rubs against the insert . You 'd need to take the stabilizer off to have the blades be centered . It 's as if no one tried it after it was developed .
 After struggling somewhat with fitting it and the dado blade to the drive , I decided it would be better to use it as a good template for my own homemade Insert .
 Unfortunatly this unit is slightly misformed . IT will not fit properly into the saw and must be returned . I will reorder in the hope the next one is OEM top quality .
 This insert was designed for the older Bosch saw . The newer model has an improved splitter knife that attaches over the blade and has it 's attachment hardware alongside the blade . This The new saw requires a slot off the back of the insert to accomodate the new blade splitter knife . The manual specifies the TS1007 . However , the wweb site for Bosch shows the insert with the slot . I did not find this out until I tried to use it . A call to Bosch Tech support told me that the picture on the web site was wrong and I had to remove the knife to use the insert . Frankly I think they are trying to sell off all the old inserts before issuing the new . You can use it if you remove the knife . This is a little time consuming and adds to the setup time . I am not happy with Bosch !
 I was excited to try these out for the first time , and they did not perform as I expected . The rubber pad marred the melamine cabinets I was installing , and they never pulled the cabinets flush . I ended up using my quick grip clamps and a little elbow grease , which worked perfectly . I will probably never use these again , what a waste of $ 60 !
 Euro-style cabinets are usually made of melamine which is too slick for these clamps to grab hold of . I sent them back after one day of use .
 I have installed cabinets professionally for 10 years . a friend recomended cabinet claw clamps as a time saver . The face frame style clamps are a life saver , but the euro clamps are hard to use . They will not release , and still mar the surface . They have been hanging on a hook in my shop for 3 years . I have worn out a set of faceframe clamps in the meantime .
 First stand arrived damaged . The shipping wieght is quite heavy and judging by the way the box looked , I think that UPS decided to drag the thing behind the truck rather than lifting the box . -LRB- ca n't say as I blame them , the beast is heavy -RRB- Second stand showed up and also showed signs of distress . A couple of bent parts that I figured I could live with . Assembly was a snap . Mounting a 12 '' Makita sliding compound miter saw was easy . Stand goes up and down easily , it seems very stable so great , off to work I go . Now two building seasons later I sit here at midnight telling you buyer beware.It seems that durability is something that Delta left on the cutting room floor . The adjustable rollers do n't roll very well , are difficult to adjust , and the way they lock in place leaves them prone to drop down . The table extensions are too light duty to handle a solid piece of oak with out clamping some scrap wood onto it for support . If all you ever cut are casings and baseboard then you shall have no problems . After some use the locking mechanism wo n't dissengage leaving it difficult for one person to lower the stand . After 17 years of building I personally am not fond of tools that have to be modified on the job to complete the task . This stand is not up to the task of mooderate use .
 Nice piece of STEEL . Had it been made with aluminum they would have a winner . I kept the heavy lug wish I would have returned the stand .
 My Dewalt planer would not fit this stand without hours of work . Once mounted , it seemed great but it is too damned heavy for an old man -LRB- or a young one with a bad back -RRB- . After I planed some boards today the lock will not release so I can lower it for storage . Help in the manual or on Delta 's website ? None to be had . The dealer from whom I bought this just went out of business . I 'll call Delta 's 800 # Monday . Any buyers out there ? Great mobile stand
 I purchased this stand to go with my Hitachi 10 '' slider . Out of the box it seemed like a great product . Easy set-up/breakdown , and I liked the way the supports did n't have legs to the ground to allow quick adjustment . After about a month of daily use on the job the locking mechanism has started to fail . The little lever you pull to unlock the system to fold the stand has stopped working . I removed the plastic cover over the mechanism , and found it to be very poorly designed . It seemed like it was thrown together as an afterthought , with odd springs and too many moving parts . Since folding the stand up is one of the most important parts of the stand , this is a deal killer . I 'm taking it back , and going to give the Ridgid stand a try .
 I bought the Delta `` Universal '' miter plane stand to use with my Dewalt 735 planer . The first problem I encountered was that the mounting hole spread on the planer was wider than the mounting brackets on the stand . So as it suggests in the manual I proceeded to mount the planer on a piece of plywood which I could then mount to the stand brackets . That did n't work either , because the holes in the planer were directly over the channels on the top of the stand and there would be no way to bolt the tool down . I went to plan 3 which was to mount the planer to two pieces of 1 inch oak with then bolt heads countersunk , the mount a piece of ply to the stand and bolt the oak strips to the plywood . That worked BUT !!! when I proceeded to raise the stand to working height I could n't move it . The weight of the planer was too much for the puny shock absorber . To be fair if it was 20 years younger and did n't have a bad back I might have been able to do this . I called my neighbor for help , and together we were able to raise the stand . I then figured , I would see if I could lower it myself , NO LUCK . So I decided I 'll keep it open all the time and just wheel around that way , but it 's just to hard to to move . So I remove the tool , and noticed that some of the paint on the brackets was scratched , which means I probably ca n't return it . Delta needs to do to things to make this tool better . One provide removable brackets like those found on the Bosch and Rigid stands , and increase the size of the piston .
 Setup was a snap except that it had a defective part on the roller guide bars . After several calls to delta and numerous efforts to clearly communicate what part was defective ... I finally talked to someone who was able to get the part to me.The release mechanism is a weak design and hangs up or does n't release well .3 stars taken off due to defective quality control , bad Delta support , and Delta not honoring their rebate.The stand is very sturdy when upright and compact when folded and able to handle whatever equipment I install on it.It is heavy , so loading and unloading it on a regular basis is ill advised . However the weightiness directly translates to stability and overall sturdiness .
 Please do not think the Bosch TS1009 insert will fit your Bosch 4000 Table Saw . The screws are different and it is not for the 10 inch blade . So if you were unfortunate like me to buy the Bosch 4000 saw that it came without an insert try finding some other insert or filing or cutting out the TS1009 to fit you 10 inch blade . I did not find screws with the right head to work . May be in the Caribbean we do not have the variety of screws , but it was annoying experience for me .
 Although they do n't appear bent , they sit wonky or askew on my head . And no it 's not my ears . Also bought the tinted equivalent and they were fine .
 Due to the presence of chemicals at my job , contacts are prohibited . Unfortunately , you ca n't wear glasses under these at all . In addition , they are big and clunky , and do n't fit a woman well . The temples are too long and can not be adjusted . They slide down constantly . For a woman and with the application I needed them for , they were useless . I ended up giving them to my husband for use while he sprayed stain on our deck , so the spray-back would n't get in his eyes . He is much larger than me and also found them uncomfortable . Once he was done staining the deck he threw them out .
 Dewalt DPG54-1C Protector Clear High Performance Lightweight Protective Safety Glasses with Wraparound FrameTHIS IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME . I NEED SOMETHING TO PROTECT MY SENSITIVE EYES . IT DOES NOT FIT WELL FOR ME . I WILL JUST GIVE THIS TO MY HELPER . THE MSA BRANDS HAVE BETTER FIT . BUT THE SELLER IS VERY GOOD WITH THEIR SHIPPING .
 The glasses did not offer much protection but they looked good . These were to small for me . I let my son have them .
 This is the worst product I have ever ordered online !! When I recieved the product in the mail , it seemed the outside package had been opened and scuffed , which would not be a big deal except the glasses themselves had a huge scuff on them !! I dont know if I happen to be the unlucky one or misunderstood some of the fine print , but I was expecting an unused product .
 I bought these for my boyfriend to use b/c he does woodworking . All they do is fog up & then he ca n't see to saw . Very Dangerous ! Very disappointed , too .
 Even though they come in a protective package , both lenses are scuffed and scratched where the lenses begin to bend around the temples . I can not see the scrathes in my field of view , so I will still use them . For the price they are n't worth sending back . I 'm just really disappointed that a company like Dewalt cant make a package that will hold the glasses still and protected inside its own protective package . With this packaging , the glasses are allowed to just bounce around inside . On a good note , they are light and comfortable . I dont recommend these for shipping , buy them in a store where you can inspect them first . I hope that helps you .
 ... and the they bend way WAY too easily . Last time I purchase these again . And they hardly cover your face . Ridiculous .
 I bought these glasses for my husband to use in the factory he works at to protect his eyes . While they are comfortable to wear he found that he kept having to wipe the lenses off and eventually just took them off because they were getting foggy from his breathing normally . There is no reason for that to happen . The shop stays at about 60 degrees in the winter so the normal breathing action should not have caused this . Having to find different glasses for safety since these became more of a hazard in real life setting .
 The editorial review above says
 The battery works , but does n't hold a charge for much more than an hour of on and off use . Would buy a different product next time .
 The battery shown is not the battery for this item number . This battery does not have the side buttons needed for some drills including the 6226D .
 I have a 9.6 v flashlight , with these batteries , if you drop it at all or impact it in any way the plastic explodes , once craked it just falls apart
 It 's best to have 2 batteries , one for use and one for the charger . This way one is ready to go whenever your devise battery has run out of power . Only problem with this idea is the cost is almost the same as a complete drill kit that includes 2 batteries . Makes you think about the price of batteries . I see many kits for $ and the replacement batteries for them run $ each . They must be giving away the drill and rechargers knowing the battery sales will make up . Happy drilling .
 When I puchased my Makita 9.6 V Drill/Driver , it came with 2 of these 9.6 V batteries ; after 2 years , they stopped taking a charge and I 've looked around to replace them . I found the price for these replacement battery packs to be ridiculous ... I found a new 14.4 V drill/driver -LRB- different brand -RRB- with 2 battery packs and charger for only twenty dollars more than the cost of 1 of these Makita replacement batteries . So I would throw out your old Makita and shop for a new model with 2 batteries ... it just makes no sense to pay these prices for replacement batteries . Also , since these Ni-Cad batteries have probably been sitting in a warehouse for years without a charge , you can bet they will have a shortened life .
 I received the correct battery however it was defective and would not charge . I have returned the battery and am waiting for a good replacement . So far customer service has been okay !
 Be careful before you buy the Jet Air Filtration System . If you have new florescent lights sometimes the remote switches that come with the Jet system are not compatible . Call jet customer service before you purchase . Our system has been troublesome with the units turning on by themselves when the lights are on and then not switching properly . If you work with the lights off no problem .
 Just purchasd the unit based upon all of the favorable reviews . Maybe I 'm in the minority but when connecting the power and hitting `` ON '' ... poof , the fuse trips . I reset the fuse , try again , and ... poof , the fuse blows . The third try was not a charm . Based upon a new unit doing this , I have to rate it 1 star . Perhaps I will spend a little more and by the USA-made JDS .
 Just in case anyone is still confused ... I have n't placed my order yet , as I am still a bit confused too.But , according to JET , the AFS-1000 has a maximum air flow of 650 CFM . The AFS-1000B , its replacement model , has a maximum air flow of 1044 CFM , a significant difference.I 'd like to know which model Amazon.com is actually selling at $ 219.99 . My guess is that it 's the discontinued AFS-1000 , as the specifications would indicate.Pete
 I have to admit.Before I actually received this in the mail , I did n't really know what I was buying.The pictures look like an old computer from the movie WarGames.Well , sadly , let 's just say that I wo n't be playing Global Thermonuclear War anytime soon ...
 I just purchased the new B model and the fan in it stinks . It may pump out a lot of air , but it vibrates . I mounted it to my basement ceiling and I could feel it vibrate in my living room floor above it . I exchanged it for another one and it did the same thing so I returned it.I 've seen an older model run and it did n't have this problem.I just bought a JDS 750-ER and it is much smoother and quieter . I think the overall build quality is a little better and it has a third rear filter .
 I read a lot of mixed reveiws on the Delta regarding the condition of the unit due to poor packaging and issues with vibration , so I went with the Jet . I recieved it yesterday and found it in good condition even though the box was pretty beat up from the delivery service . My relief over the condition quickly switched to frustration when I plugged it in and saw the squirrel cage had a severe alignment issue and the unit had a bad vibration . I took it apart and adjusted the balance clips attached to the squirrel cage and now it runs fine . I will surely forget the annoyance of having to balance a brand new tool over time , but I am not impressed with the quality assurance of this Taiwan assembled unit . No comments on how it filters dust , since I have not gotten that far yet .
 I received my AFS-1000B Just before Christmas and found it to be constructed fine for hanging from a high ceiling so you could n't hit your head on the corner . It filters dust form the air fine and kept the air very clean even though I was doing quite a bit of sanding.There are two problems that are deal breakers for the unit in my opinion since I have high ceiling as mentioned before . The remote wont work with fluorescent lights on in the shop . You must go and shut the lights off , activate the unit with the remote , and then turn the lights on again . I tried to make a shield so the lights would n't shine directly on the sensor but that did n't work any better . The other problem , is with the timer . There are no buttons on the unit itself to activate the timer so you must use the remote . If you do activate the timer for say 4 hours and then get called away and , manually or by the remote , turn the unit off , then at the end of the 4 hours your unit will turn itself back on and will stay on until you come back and turn it off.I have been on the phone with WMH Tool group to get the problem remedied and they acknowledge the problem but do n't have a fix for it at this writing , 2/8/09 . They did say they would replace it but I think the problem is inherent in the design from talking to them and would also be in the one replacing it.If you only use it in a location where you do n't need or use the timer and you do n't have fluorescent lights in your shop you would love it ! Beware if you have fluorescent lights or need the timer function . All of the problems I found have to do with the remote .
 All I can tell you about this unit is this . It will most likely arrive with the fan slightly off center from getting banged around by the lovely people at Fed-Ex . I have had Amazon replace it twice for me before I decided to purchase it elsewhere , and I still got it with this Fan issue . In a nutshell , when this fan is slightly out of alligment it will make this unit vibrate like a washing machine with all the clothes on one side ... . Very frustrating , and I would not purchase this unit from Amazon ...
 When I was considering purchasing an air cleaner , I looked at the customer reviews on the Delta 850CFM unit , the JDS 750CFM unit , and this Jet 650CFM model . The Jet won , mostly on innovative features -LRB- variable speed , remote control & electrostatic filter -RRB- . I was however , concerned about the quality of the Jet . First because of one of the Amazon customer reviewers said he received this item Dead On Arrival and second because Jet quality can be quite erratic in my experience . Well , chaulk up another D.O.A. for the boys at Jet and for the same reason as the other guy . The machine 's fan will not rotate at the 2 slower speeds . When you hit high speed , it sounds like a jumbo jet . Not good . I 'm not taking any chances with further quality problems so this is going back PERMANENTLY . I will get the JDS 750je model as that is always said to be a high quality unit .
 Another reviewer mentioned that this unit 's remote does not work if fluorescent lights are on and my experience agrees with his . My unit 's remote does not work when the fluorescent lights are on . I spoke with Jet technical support personnel and they say it 's the `` Faraday Effect '' is simply the way the unit was designed . They say the Powermatic Air Filtration unit does not have this problem -LRB- but it is much more expensive -RRB- . Also , the timer is just a timed toggle switch and will turn the unit on as well as off . This is a problem if I have not ensured that timer -LRB- which , by the way , can only be controlled with the remote -RRB- is also off when I turn the unit off . I 've come bask to my shop after being gone for several days and find that the unit has been on all the time . Again , technical support says this is just the way it works . Now that I know this , I can deal with it but I do n't think I would have purchased it had I been aware of these issues . I should have read all the reviews before buying .
 Another example of fine Chinese craftsmanship . The impeller on the fan was not perpendicular to the fan motor shaft ; therefore , the thing vibrated like crazy due to the wobble . I ended up taking the entire assembly apart and truing the impeller myself , which took most of the vibration and excess noise out the unit . It sure seems like there should be better quality control , it makes me wonder how high the quality of the components are that I ca n't see . I imagine it will do an adequate job of filtering the dust in my shop though .
 Out of the box , it looked great ... until I plugged it in that is . I 'm sure this product works great when you get one that is n't assembled with a bent motor mount . When I plugged it in , the fan started wobbling . It was rubbing against the metal frame as it started to spin . I thought it was going to fly apart as it started speeding up . I unplugged it and found that the motor mount inside was bent so that it was mounted at an angle . I called WMH support and they tried to ask me if I wanted them to send a new fan part . First of all , I do n't need just the fan blade when it is the motor mount that it broken . Second , I 'm not about to try to take this apart and fix it when I just got it . You would think that they would send a new replacement , but that has n't happened yet . Just cross your fingers that your 's does n't come with the same type of problem .
 This thing does the job when it works . After 2 weeks in the shop after light use , the timer stopped working . They mailed me a new board which took about 30 minutes to replace and still the timer does not work . So I have had the thing about six weeks and it only functioned properly for 2 weeks . I am waiting their next move . I give them one more chance and if it still is n't repaired then it goes back and I demand a refund . This is not a complicated unit . Why cant they get it right ?
 I purchased the AFS-1000B , tested out the unit , seemed fine . Went into my shop the next day and it was running even though I had turned it off . Turns out , if you set the timer and then change your mind and turn it off , it will turn itself on a couple of hours later and run until you stop it . Could be days ! Jet sent me a new board , I installed it , same thing . So I returned it for another AFS-1000B . Same thing happens . This one is going back in the box and being returned and I 'm now shopping for a unit that works properly and is n't possessed.Contact Jet before you buy to see if this has been corrected . Could be a good tool.Jet 's reply from tech support on 2/28/08 : Thank you for writing . There is a solution in the works , but I do n't know what it 's going to be . I 'll let you know as soon as I have an answer.Aundrea BerkeyInternet Customer SupportWMH Tool GroupMakers of POWERMATIC , JET , and WILTON products
 This product has problems in shops with fluorescent lights . They can interfere with the operation of the remote . It does not work in my shop . Unfortunately , this is a well known problem to Jet ! They do not have a solution except to turn off the lights to use the remote . They should correct this problem or stop selling the item ! Do not mount this anywhere near a fluorescent light fixture .11 / 10 Just to clarify
 This is the worst designed chuck system I have ever seen . You ca n't put the driver bits directly in the `` quick-change '' chuck . You have to use a 1-1/2 '' extender . So , once the Bosch chuck is in your drill 's chuck and the extender is in and the bit is finally in there is a huge amount of play . I measured 3/32 '' side to side play , and I did n't have to use a dial indicator . I just held the extender against a ruler , put my thumb on the end of the bit , and wobbled it . There is also at least 5 degrees of rotational play meaning stops and starts will be all over the place.Bosch should be ashamed of themselves for making it , and Amazon should be ashamed of themselves for selling it . No wonder it includes 6 # 2 Phillips bits . With inaccuracy and play like this you 'll be snapping the bits in no time at all .
 The two clic-change bits that came with my Bosch driver are great because they have a long shaft and click into place . I would love a pack with that kind of bit because the bit does not come out when removing the driver from a tight situation . The clic-change system is good because you need not be so careful -- the bit is part of the driver.Instead , this package has a bunch of magnetic bits that fit into a chuck that uses clic-change ; there is also an enormous push/pull chuck that does not fit in tight spaces . Instead of the bits being like those originals that use the really good clic-change system , they come out as easily as any other bits . You really do not even need the magnetic chuck because you can put the bits directly into the chuck . The bits from my old Makita driver work as well in this system as the bits in this pack.My local hardware store has a similar package with a magnetic chuck and many more bits -LRB- torx , square , security , etc -RRB- for only $ 20 . That hardware store package is now where I look first
 this person who wrote the last review must work for delta i have the jet lathe and have used the delta midi lathe there is no comparison . the delta is not close to being as good as the jet mini-lathe . the delta has a plastic door over the belt that is junk , thats the best i can say about it.also the deltas motor seems to be a little weaker with more vibration . i would not take two deltas for my jet .
 In the 4 years the I have owned the Makita drill I have owned 5 batteries . One of the 2.2 AH batteries failed within 6 months , warranty covered that one . Purchased two Ni-Ca in 2002 and they have already failed with only moderate use . At $ 90 to $ 100 for a pair , you might as well toss the drill as the other reviewer stated . Makita acknowledged that a year , maybe 2 is what to expect for their batteries ; digraceful . Never again !
 Be aware that the web site does not state what chargers will work with this battery . I followed a previous review and ordered the 1222 12V 2.0 Amp hour vs the 1220 12V 1.3 Amp hour battery . After receiving the batteries I found that they were not compatable with my charger . Had to return the 2.0 Amp hour and reorder the 1.3 Amp hour battery .
 Received the battery and put it in the charger . After charging overnight , the battery would n't hold a charge . Returned battery for credit .
 Battery would not hold a charge , new out of the package - but Amazon made the return easy .
 the battery you sent me was dead . it would n't take a charge . makita 1-800 tech support said to send it to their nearest service center , which i did . that was 3 weeks ago and i have n't heard back . dead battery and lousy tech support . not a pretty picture .
 You need a `` 0 '' in the above ratings for items such as this one.One battery came and was chargeable . The other was usless . Due to the fact that these batteries were purchased for my property in Costa Rica I was past a month before I could return the bad one , and am in fact on my return to the US today with the faulty itemm not having been there in the interem.Items that are inclosed within hard plastic casings should have a manufactures date on the outside , especially items such as batteries that have a limited life , even if they are re-chargeable . I 'm extremely disappointed with 50 % of my purchase being unusable . This has considerably influenced any further purchases with amazon !
 Delta introduced a this 3hp 15 '' planer to catch up to its Tiawanese look alikes . The only problem is that Delta forgot to provide the stand . I have been waiting ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- weeks for this item to arrive . After contacting Delta Customer Service it appears that Delta can not manage its off shore suppliers.I still believe that Delta makes a reasonable planer but the wait is just not worth it . A Jet or Powermatic 3 hp planer is essentially the same machine and delivery of the complete unit is assured . It is truly a shame that a good name like Delta is being managed into the ground .
 I also had trouble getting the Stand and Roller Table from Delta . I wrote the Vice President of Marketing with Delta and told him if I did n't receive the Base and the roller stand in 10 working days that I would return it and Purchase a Powermatic . I received the table and Stand in 5 days ... As for the Machine itself , it appears to have plenty of power even in Hardwoods . It seems to hold an Adjustment and seems to be pretty accurate . I hope that it has a long Delta Tool life , I was also Concerned that this Machine was not Produced in the U.S.A. . . A very large part of My shop , are Delta Tools that were handed down from my Granddads tool Collection . Knowing what I know now I would have done More Home work on all the Machines that are out there . I 'm still waiting for the 4 '' Dust collection adapter !
 Delta has a history of top quality tools . But they blew it big time with this planer . I first noticed signs of problems when I uncrated it . The casting had dips in it and the machining lines were curvy , not perfectly straight . By the time I had 300 or so board feet run through the planer , the switch had broke ; the height control lock failed to lock the head at a fixed depth of cut ; and the 3 hp motor had burned up . On top of these problems the CSA approval label on it was put on it without authorization from CSA . -LRB- I checked with CSA ! -RRB- I should have known better and followed my instincts and not bought a planer made in China .
 I purchased two units of the Tensor LT202 `` New '' . One unit had a broken glass shade , which was replaced by vendor with another utterly smashed glass shade . Both bulbs have burned out on that unit within 6 months . Hold the lamp for more than a few seconds , and get an electric shock . Transformer is on plug , so sits far from wall and is bulky . So , it looks snazzy , but not a good bet .
 After buying from Amazon regularly for years with complete satisfaction , I 've finally run into a bad product . If it were possile , I 'd give this sucker NO STARS . The lamp I was shipped arrived broken . Since it was solidly packed at the factory and there was no shipping damage , it 's obvious the broken part was packed that way at the factory . Amazon promptly replaced the broken lamp with a new one . This second lamp when turned on causes static on the radio and television in the room.No way I 'm going for a third one.Perhaps the Chinese should look into this.Or perhaps that 's the way our lives are going .
 The Assist Handle on this tool is not only useless , it is actually dangerous!This Handle does not thread into a tapped hole on the side of the metal gear case housing , but instead , is supposed to friction fits onto a smooth area of the gear case right behind the chuck.Despite turning the plastic tension screw until my thumb hurts , with work gloves on , the slippery plastic assist handle slips around the center axis , DOING NOTHING TO PREVENT THE DRILL FROM TORQUING AROUND WHEN IT ENCOUNTERS RESISTANCE.EVEN WORSE , THE ENTIRE HANDLE ASSEMBLY THEN SLIDES OFF ITS SMOOTH `` GRIP AREA '' AND FASTENS ITSELF AROUNG THE KNURLED AREA OF THE CHUCK , DOING EXACTLY THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT IT WAS INTENDED TO DO , RIPPING THE TRIGGER HANDLE OUT OF MY HAND.I bought this low speed drill specifically to use in high torque applications that my cordless could not handle without burning it out , like boring large diameters through framing for mechanical and mixing buckets of plaster.This failure occurred while trying to core drill a hole through a 3/4 '' pine subfloor board , no knots or nails involved.Bosch needs to get a grip on this design !
 I agree with the other posts here about the drill . I have owned this for about three years but have really only used the drill on five different occasions . Today when I got it out I got half way through a hole and it just quit . I changed outlets and fiddled with it a little and then started again then sputtered and quit for good . I opened it up and checked to see if perhaps the cord had a short but it is getting power up to the motor so it is a bigger problem than I can fix.I loved this drill until today but honestly this thing has drilled maybe fifty holes tops and nothing big . It was always taken care of and never neglected .
 1.7 AH is no longer `` High Capacity '' . Be careful about which type of battery your 12V Makita takes -- thumb springs , end clip , both , or the new MForce slide design . If yours can take the thumb spring batteries , then spend $ ... more on the 2.0 AH version . Your old charger will likely take it but may not take the newest NiMH batteries . Plus , the NiCd 's have a longer shelf life .
 Junk - my `` dead '' batteries performed better . Do n't bother . A total waste of time and money . Just buy a new drill .
 The batterys do n't work they will not charge and i did not know how to contact any one to find out what to do . Thank you for contacting me . It would be easy if you could do so by phone . Cell # 440-813-2600 Home 440-224-1608 thank you Tom It has been some time and still no response on my review
 I paid for the Makita name on this battery , and it was headed south within six months and useless after a year -- and I 'm not a heavy user , just a normal household kinda guy . Save your money .
 Fits fine seems to work fine , but the exhaust air smells like mothballs . I have only run the vacuum for about 20 minutes since installing this filter , so I hope it will settle down . Probably should have returned it and bought the standard version .
 I would have to say that this saw looked great and has some nice features . I have been a Makita owner for over 20 years . But this saw made me feel like it was amateur hour . After doing several hours a research on 12 '' saws , I really liked the Bosch . Even though it had several bad reviews about the blade wobble problem , I was told by Bosch that the problem was resolved . So I bought it and was let down by the fact the blade wobble was very noticeable and obviously not corrected . So back it went . At this point , with the very fine quality tools that I have purchased from Makita in the past , and with mostly all favorable reviews on this saw , I did not hesitate to purchase this saw , and with it being $ 50 less that the Bosch , I could justify the fewer features of the Makita . I do n't know if I am the only one having this problem but when I fired the saw up , blade wobble ! So I 'm thinking , alright , this is just a bad factory cheap blade that is bent . No problem . I will just put on this new 90 tooth carbide blade and we will be in business . Again , blade wobble ! WOW ! I am a carpenter , not a machinist . I need to take the tool out of the box and start working . Not start trying to figure out why this saw ca n't make a clean cut . Needless to say I am back at square one . I have been using my 15 '' Hitachi for over 15 years , and have been waiting for it to die . It just keeps going , and I have been waiting to buy a good 12 '' compound slider to make things a little easier , but I ca n't seem to find the right one . So maybe it is time to give DeWalt a try . I do n't know anymore .
 For a used , reconditioned unit , it 's a mighty fine saw . Too bad it was advertised as new , and too bad there is no mentioned of `` reconditioned '' except when it arrives on the doorstep in a box marked `` reconditioned '' and you see the wear & tear on the unit.So , BUYER BEWARE ! Amazon is not selling a new unit . These are old , used , good condition reconditioned saws , which are fine , but worth $ $ $ less than Amazon is selling them for ... USED ... . RECONDITIONED ... . NOT NEW !!! POORLY SHIPPED ! The very heavy saw was just thrown into a big box with a bunch of air filled packing cushions . It is no wonder that many people have noted damage to their saws in the other reviews . So , again , WARNING WARNING BUYER BEWARE !!! And AMAZON , I thought your standards were higher .
 I am a trim carpenter I have had three LS1212 saws all three saws have had the same problems . the bevel and miter adjustments start to stick and bind after about two months of use . Makita service is terrible . They have lied to me send saw back not fully adjusted . It took them four weeks to do what should have been a simple fix . It is a nice when it works right but you need a back up saw for when it breaks . Makita has disapointed me . I will never buy another Makita tool.Their products and service are first rate GARBAGE .
 Ordered this saw from Amazon.com UPS showed up and unloaded the box . Box had clearly been opened , and retaped . I looked in the box and the saw was there and looked new , but upon inspection later it was clearly a used saw . The blade had small wood chips in it and the plastic guides on the table had tooth marks in them , as well as the channel below in the base had tooth marks . There was fine sawdust in the oil of the dual glide rods as well . The accessories were just laying on the bottom of the box along with the factory staples that were originally used to staple the box shut . There was no parts-list which is typical there and there was no plastic bag that usually covers new products . I am not sure why amazon is sending used equipment , but buyer should beware .
 I received my saw yesterday , so I 've not yet given it a rating . It does appear to be a very nice saw . I was forced to give a rating of 1 in order to post this warning.Warning , the picture on Amazon is deceiving . This saw does not come with the extentions shown . This info is hidden in the `` see more technical details '' link . It really should be clearly stated in the copy . If you want the extentions , be sure to order them with the saw.I 'll post a real review after I 've had a chance to test drive it .
 When the UPS man delivered my saw , I asked him why the box had been opened . The staples holding the box together were popped , and he had taped the box shut . When I unpacked the saw , I saw that the rear handle that locks the slide was smashed , and the saw was unusable . I have sent for a replacement .
 This type is difficult to install and the flange often does not work and then you have a heater but no way to install .
 I have used this type of product for many years , never this brand . This one has doubled my electric bill and keeps the water at > 40F . It is not low profiled as advertised , and stays on much of the time , even when the temperature is > 45F I contacted the company and they were very uncooperative . I would highly discourage anyone from purchasing this product .
 yep , it kept our tub free of ice all winter , however , we discovered when we went to remove it , that it had over-heated to the point that it MELTED the joint with the extension cord and was permanently affixed to it . I would consider this a safety hazard , and wo n't be using this brand again.It was one of the more expensive water heaters to run . We will be going with the official Rubbermaid one this year since we have to replace this one . Quite a waste .
 I bought this as a replacement for the Farm Innovators Rubber Flat Back 5 gallon bucket . This element does not fit in the bucket , it is too long . I have bought replacement elements in the past that fit just fine ... but this one is made differently . The black part on the element is usually made so it slides through the bucket and just the element is left in the bucket . With this unit , the black part does not fit through the hole in the bucket , increasing the length of the element by nearly 2 inches which does not fit in the bottom of this bucket . It might be fine for a 50 or 100 gal stock tank , but it was advertised and sold as a ` universal ' replacement for the 5 gal bucket . Very disappointed .
 As posted above the same thing happened to the two lamps I bought . Both dimmer switches stopped working . The only way to get the light to work was to plug it in ... very inconvienant . . would not recommend this to anyone .
 This lamp quit working on me after about a year . The transistor controlling the dimmer switch seems to have died.Even if this had n't happen I would n't give a good review . The dimmer switch is in an odd location and not mentioned in the product description.I do n't recommend this product .
 This meter has just the combination of features I want at a good price , so I decided to take a chance on it , despite other reviews that indicated poor quality control . Well , mine did not work either . I would normally get a replacement , recognizing that everybody ships an occasional bad unit , but the odds are not good on this one . I will look elsewhere .
 I bought this multimeter and it worked for a little over a year and then quit measuring voltage properly . Is n't it ridiculous that a product only lasts the time of the warranty like they put a part in there meant to only last that amount of time ? Now I am going to Lowes and buying a Greenlee , guess this is an item you should not buy online !
 I was excited to see this multimeter correctly measuring temperatures with the thermocouple . However , this is about all it did correctly . The backlight button did n't do anyting , the function button made it beep but nothing happened , and none of the data buttons actually did anything besides produce beeps . The only button that functioned correctly was the power button . The included component socket was poorly labeled . A description of the socket may have been in the manual , but the manual is poorly written -LRB- or translated -RRB- . I will be returning this item as soon as possible .
 The name ` Mastech ' on the meter as shown in the picture is missing . Instead of ` Mastech ' , ` Sinometer ' is there in the equipment I received . No model number also on the meter . Instruction manual also missing the Mastech name.plasticlizard , Please post the online instruction manual which will be useful as you said .
 I should have known better , but the battery test and other features lured me.But this meter is irritating in a number of ways . For one thing , it does n't have alligator clips for the test leads . I thought I had a set that would fit , but no such luck.Then there are more ranges than positions on the switch , so they have to double up . To get DC volts , you turn it on , turn to AC volts and press FUNC . To get continuity , you turn it on , turn to diode , and press FUNC . Unfortunately I use DC volts and continuity a lot , AC volts rarely , and diode test never . So it 's just a little more inconvenient for me than my old meter.I 'm still waiting for the folks in Hong Kong to tell me where to buy the optional clamp-on accessory . Any bets ?
 This tripod did n't last one day on our jobsite . It weighs more than 15 lbs , with most of the weight high in the steel elevator shaft . On the way from the truck to the site , one of the cheap plastic clips on the carrying strap at the heavy end of the tripod broke . The top plate hit concrete sidewalk from about three feet . After that , the crank would n't raise or lower the elevator at all . It froze and then stripped . Save yourself fifty dollars and buy Stabila 's standard tripod . We did .
 This tripod was attractive to me at first because of the price and features . I also own six Stabila levels of various sizes and love them . So , I bought one and used it . It is very cheaply built . I am a contractor , but take very good care of my tools . They cost a lot and help me make money . Why would n't I , right . The plastic clips on the carry strap broke day two . Luckily it fell and dinged me in the leg or I would have suffered the same fate as the other writers . I went to a hardware store and bought some make a strap parts . Wider strap , stronger clips . The following week one of the chains pulled out of the legs . This time I ran into a Stabila rep at my local hardware store . He gave me a number to call and said everything would be made right . Ha , I knew better , five calls over three months and no return call . Again , went to the hardware store and fixed it myself . Have Stabila call me , I 'll give them a parts list so they can start building it right .
 I 'm a general contractor and own many Stabila levels . They stand out as the best so I had high expectations for this tripod . It is incredibly useful to have a tripod that you can wind up and down so you can lock into your benchmarks and not have to worry about the math . We use it for concrete , framing , siding , windows , wainscot , etc. . The only one I had seen previously was by Hilti but it was over 400 . The Stabila at under 150 seemed like a sure thing but when it arrived it did n't survive the shipping very well . A part had fallen off and the box was damaged . When I set it up , the crank would not move the center rod up and down , the bubble level in the stand was n't even close and the top was n't flat . Seemed like this was made by a different factory than the levels . Sent it back and got the elevator tripod by CST/Berger . The Berger is not quite up to the Hilti either , but for the price -LRB- -150 -RRB- and my purposes , it does the job . Stabilia needs better quality control and better boxing for this one .
 I own a set of the Porter Cable cement shears and the Kett cement siding shears . The are exactly the same except the Porter Cable has a button to lock shears in the on position . They both have the same problem . The bolts that hold the blades in break very easily and are a pain to replace.They need to use stronger bolts in these things.The guy I work with has same shears with the same broken bolts.If you do buy these and need replacement blades , buy the ones for the Kett.You get all three blades for less than what you pay for just the center Porter Cable Blade.They fit perfectly .
 We bought this tool about two years ago and have used it sparingly . i.e. for about three jobs each the size or a back yard storage shed . Have been through three sets of bolts and two different heads . When we changed the head over we could n't get the bolts tight enough to keep it -LRB- the shear head -RRB- from rotating as the tool was turned on . Finally gave up and cut siding with a 4 1/2 '' grinder and diamond blade . Boy were the neighbors thrilled with us ! If Hardee and others want us to use their products they need to find decent ways to work with them.I have never been too keen on Porter-Cable and should have known better . This tool is pretty darn-near useless .
 The threaded portion on this pole bent/broke during my first use . Not sturdy at all . Would not recommend for serious painting .
 Listing said 12 pair and i got 1 pair and they would not make it right , they just removed the listing .
 1 . It arrived with a badly rusted inner chuck .2 . The square tang socket is four very small grooves in a circular hole and do not hold the square tang well .3 . The rachet gears are exposed where they can collect debris and there is no way to lubricate the hidden rachet shaft .
 Although the light has the weigh and look of what we were expecting the halogen bulbs burn out EXTREMELY QUICKLY . . with in an hour of use time !
 Our dog got into this stuff and died a horrible death . Please dont use this stuff in your garden if you have pets or your neighbors do . Its highly toxic to animails as well and they only have to eat a small amount .
 This product uses metaldehyde as the active ingredient . This is toxic to pets and other wildlife . There are other products that kill slugs and not other living things . Even if you do n't have pets , or care about wildlife , this can kill other bugs that help your garden . Why use something toxic when you do n't have to ?
 Hard hat liner needs to be a ratchet type liner for a hard hat with a $ 26 tag on it
 The problem with Genova gutter parts is the connecting tabs . They are the weak link in the process . Even wit the proper tool , the tabs are very prone to either giving way , or flat out breaking off . I bought this slip joint to replace a broken one , guess what happened ? The replacement broke as well
 I blame myself for the collapse of the NY Mets 2012 Season . I purchased this helmet at the All Star break and the Mets have not been same ever since . I apologize to Met fans everywhere . . I have contemplated returning the helmet to perhaps reverse the jinx ... ` but the purchase does n't really explain the previous 50 years of mostly futility . LETS GO METS ... Ya ' Got ta ' Bereave !!!
 I purchased this item because I wanted the accuracy of a digital tool . At first , I was measuring an angle of 35 degrees and did not notice any problems . But , when I opened it to 90 degrees , I was surprised that the swinging arm seemed visibly wrong . So I started checking it with several other tools . The Denali was consistently wrong by 1.5 degrees . Even an old-fashioned mechanical protractor can do better than that . I ca n't even donate this to a thrift shop because it 's no good for anyone . The only thing that is digital about this tool is the readout . Now I have to spend money again on the same tool made by another company that -LRB- hopefully -RRB- has quality control .
 digital numbers would n't fully display so unreadable from day one . I have sent it back .
 I 've got to say , as soon as I opened the packaged I eyeballed the bubble levels and they looked off . After testing against 4 other levels I own , I estimated these bubble levels to be off by almost 5-10 percent . Both of them . This is not acceptable for a simple part of a `` measuring tool '' . I do find the angle reader to be within .10 of degree with some fussing at times . I am disappointed with a tool that fails simple tasks . If you do n't mind the give an take with accuracy and price , get this , if not do n't bother .
 As with everyone else , got it and tested it . Unfortunately , much less impressed than most . Slaped it on my right angle square and got 90.8 . I guess with in + / - 1 degree , but I expected better , especially right out of the box . They should make the tool tunable . I guess it is better than `` eye balling '' the angle , but not by much .
 I ordered and returned the Denali Digital Angle Protractor . It did not read accurately across the 180 degree range I tested . It is a nice looking unit and if it were accurate and consistant it would be a great buy . Apparently some of them are accurate , but I did not want to keep sending them back until I got a good one .
 Product arrived 7 degrees off zero -LRB- when closed , display read `` 7.2 '' degrees -RRB- . Horizontal spirit level was 1/4 bubble off plumb . No way to reset the display , and the battery impossible to remove . I managed to disassemble the protractor and bend the contacts -LRB- electrical pick-up in the handle -RRB- so it read zero -LRB- `` 0 '' -RRB- when closed , however , when checking angles with a real protractors set at standard 90 and 45 degree settings the tool was .2 to .3 degrees over . If you 're using this for a hobby or novelty item it might be okay , but if you try to use it for it 's intended purpose you will be disappointed . I would n't even use it around the house for general woodworking projects , let alone in the construction trade . Giving it a `` one star '' rating is being generous .
 I have just returned this item to Amazon . It is well-made and would be perfect if it were only more accurate . Unfortunately its readings are in error by amounts that vary with the angle read and at worst are almost half a degree in error . For carpentry work it would probably be fine but I do segmented wood turning where one needs very accurate cuts so this was useless for me .
 The ACCURACY is specified on the included spec sheet as + - 1 Degree . a carpenters square measures 88.9 degrees which is probably with in the + - 1 degree . a plain old plastic protractor can be estimated to close to a .1 degree.the description on the website says `` computes angles accurately to + / - 0.1 degrees '' this is bull!fred
 Does n't take much space to describe the relevant points here , however I 'll go into all the exciting and absurd revelations since they 're so far from what a measuring tool should do ! Even free , an inaccurate -LRB- and inconsistently inaccurate ! -RRB- tool is not a deal.From power-on the delta between zero -LRB- closed -RRB- and the readout value VARIES between 2.4 - 2.9 deg ; you can set it on a stable level surface , and amuse yourself by watching the apparent effects of gravity-wave distortions from nearby stars ... either that , or the sensor is faulty . Interestingly , after my swearing at it my girlfriend decided to play with it and see if I 'd missed the zero/recalibrate button out of impatience . Oh , note the momentary button hidden in a 1mm hole in the bottom is NOT apparently a re-zero ... strange , since turning the unit ON while holding it DOES result in the display reading ' 0.0 ' ... but only while the button is held . Releasing the button , turning the unit off , or waiting 10 seconds -LRB- or any combination of the above -RRB- results in the unit returning to `` normal '' behaviour.On with description of that , after our break there
 The advertised 1/10 degree accuracy is exactly what mine gave me , i.e. , it was always off by 1/10 degree when I moved beyond a 60 degree angle . In other words , when closed it read zero , but when you go to a known-accurate 90 degree angle I consistently got 89.9 degrees . More troubling to me than that is the flexibility of the movable arm . It 's a somewhat flexible piece of aluminum angle iron , so if you press a little too hard when taking a measurement you will affect the reading . But a couple of weeks later the error correction changed to -.5 degrees around 90 degrees , and +.4 degrees around 45 degrees . In other words , it became useless.I returned it for a replacement and the second one was off by -.4 degrees . Returned that one too .
 This is not a professional protractor . I 've had the same experience as many others here who purchased this unit . I sent my first one back because it was n't even remotely accurate . The second one is accurate to + / - 2 degrees . This is a perfect example of getting what you pay for . It makes the Bosch DWM40L look like a great value even at 3 times the price . I 'm giving this product only two stars because they tout about how accurate their product is when it is n't .
 I got this for a Father 's Day present . It 's junk . I set it at 90 degrees and it was way off . I measured something that was 90 degrees and got a 86 degree rating . Now I 'm returning it and I hope my daughter does n't find out .
 The Starrett Pro site is the original one and much better . My dad has one of those and let me borrow it for a project . It was great ! This cheapo digital one is not nearly as accurate or versatile , and I 'm wishing I 'd spent a few bucks more for the real deal .
 Returning mine . I have two squares at home and this tool states thay are both 89 degrees ! I could live with .1 degree off -LRB- as claimed here and in the manual -RRB- , but 1 whole degree off makes this not quite good enough !
 I was so happy with this electronic protractor that i showed it off to everybody i knew had its use.Until one day , i found that the angles it showed were completely inaccurate.The inaccuracy ranged from 2.5 to 7 degrees.The main problem is that this does not have any ` zero ' button , where i can calibrate the device . It has a pre-fed zero which can sometimes be inaccruate due to jerks or falls.That is a disaster . I could get get better accuracy with an analog traditional protractor.It was a waste of previous money.I 've now ordered a Wixey digital protractor . Because i 've got a couple of their other products and they rock . . I suggest - DO NOT BUY until a major upgrade
 4 degrees off at 180 degrees , -LRB- 176.2 laying flat on all surfaces -RRB- .6 degrees off at 90.0 degrees -LRB- 89.4 -RRB- Cheap means cheap .
 Purchased 3 different units - all three were not accurate . If you need the accuracy of a digital protracor , do not waste your money on this one - it is useless
 Right out of the box it was 4 degrees off and there is no field calibration provisions . I loosened all of the protractor screws and was able to get it within 1 degree . Time will tell if it 's any good .
 A very nice looking tool with a nice case . Unfortunately it is off by as much as 1/2 a degree . We got 2 of these and they were both inacurate .
 This has been on back order for a month . I had been anxiously waiting to finish a large window trimming job thinking this would be the tool I needed for a professional job.You can imagine my disappointment yesterday when I opened it up laid it against my Black & Decker Level and got a reading of 179.5 degrees instead of 180 . How the heck can you miss a straight line ? Why is n't there a calibration capability to simply reset the reading to a known 180 and get to work?At least I did n't pay a lot for it.Remember people ... `` You get what you pay for ''
 This item never arrived !!!!!!!!!!! I paid for it and it was never delivered .
 The first shipment was defective in that it would not accept a charge . The second shipment broke in half on the fourth day of use . The weight of the unit and the power of the motor were both great , but the quality very poor . Fortunately , the service of Amazon is incredible and both units were returned with no problem .
 I bought this about 8 months ago . I used it a few times and was satisfied with it . After not using it for four months while I was away , it wo n't work anymore . I 'm not sure if the problem is that it wo n't take a charge or something else . After leaving it on the charger for hours , it does absolutely nothing .
 This cordless screwdriver has no power and the smallest of screws locks up the Denali . I doubt I will ever use this for any projects and it has been put away
 I just wanted to send a quick note that I am a bit disappointed in this screwdriver . After reading all the reviews , I was excited and thought i got a great deal . But after the first use , I found that this `` drill '' does n't have a lot of power . I simply tried to screw seat cushions onto chairs , and it was powerful enough to get them 2/3 of the way in . I had to finish them by hand . If it ca n't screw small screws into seat cushions , I would hate to think of trying anything on a larger scale . In my opinion , this is for jobs that require very low torque and nothing more .
 After buying one of these tools , I wanted two more for gifts . When I received the next two , one would n't work . I called customer service and a replacement was sent . It , also , did n't work . After calling customer service again , they decided to put a hold on replacements and refunded my money . I am very pleased with customer service but the screwdriver kits are to be avoided .
 When I took this tool out of the box , it did not work ! Charger indicated full charge
 I purchased this product but did n't have ocassion to use it until several months later . When I did want to use it , I took it out of the box and tried to charge it , but it would n't take a charge . By that time the receipt was long lost ... Total waste of money . One star seems to be the lowest rating I can give ; it would n't accept no stars , but that 's what it deserves .
 It came dead in water , would n't take a charge . Sorry this product is made without quality control . I thought I would be lucky and ignored the negative reviews ! Nope . I sent it back and bought the Black and Decker SC1400 bigger , 3 times the price , 10 times the drill .
 I purchased this around Christmas 2006 and did n't have a chance to use it till April 2007 . Charged up the unit per the instructions and it does n't work . Led light does not work . It is missing the magnet to hold the bit in the drill . Very disappointed . Next time I 'll make sure to check an item so I can return it back to Amazon within the returns period .
 I pulled the trigger , and nothing happened . I plugged it into the charger and got a green -LRB- fully charged -RRB- indicator light . I tried the light . It did n't work either . I put it back in the box and returned it for a refund . If you want a small lithium driver , get a Bosch . Expensive , but worth every penny .
 No real review here , but this item arrived DOA . I have since sent it back for a refund .
 Took forever to get here . Almost two weeks ... !!! Other than that , it was in fine shape and exactly what I ordered .
 I purchased this tractor cover not only to protect against bird droppings , etc. but to keep dry . Shortly after receiving it , we had several days of rain . With the covered tractor parked under a deck supplying limited protection from rain -LRB- spaces between the flooring will permit rain to drip through -RRB- , the tractor seat was pooled with water each time I checked . The cover fit snugly enough , but at this cost , it should be fully waterproof .
 The day i got it i put it on my lawn tractor . It rained that night . A couple days later i took the cover off and there was a big puddle of water in the seat.I do not recommend this cover .
 Classic Accesories Deluxe Tractor Cover - Black . It says it is weather proof , but after the first rain my seat was still full of water . For the price paid it 's a major disappointment . Signed , Still All wet !
 `` Weather Resistant '' does not translate to waterproof and this one is n't - waterproof , that is . Each time it rains , the seat gets a puddle of water on it.There 's a bit of a slump between the steering wheel and the top of the seat back and i 'm guessing that allows the rain to pool a bit and then leak through.As a general cover , it 's fine and i ca n't complain about that . the material is pretty heavyweight.I suppose i could get a garden shed and store the tractor in it , but putting up a three thousand dollar shed to protect a 1500 dollar tractor just does n't seem right .
 I have the exact same problem as noted by another reviewer . When it rains , water leaks through the top seam and my tractor seat is full of water . Most other areas under the cover are dry . Also similar to the other reviewer , I keep my tractor under a deck , so it only get dripped on and is not exposed to the full amount or force of the rain . Now we will see how well Amazon or the cover manufacturer backs up their products and supports their customers . I am going to try to exchange this cover for a new one . I bought it about 2.5 months ago , but it leaked from the day I got it . Now the leak is substantial . If they back me up , I will stay an Amazon customer . If they do n't , then I will no longer order from Amazon or Amazon suppliers . I expect suppliers and manufacturers to stand behind their products . I would not buy this cover again nor recommend it . It is the source of wasted time and wet pants . Let 's hope I can get a replacement that works properly . Otherwise it is about sixty dollars and two hours of my time down the drain .
 If I could rate this -1 I would . The cover is n't waterproof , the materials and workmanship are terrible . The cover is falling apart after 3 months . Not what you would expect for an item that costs $ 60 - $ 70 . I buy a lot of stuff from Amazon and this is the worst item I 've ever purchased . If there was some way to return it I would . Do n't buy this item even at 10 % of what is being charged .
 Was supposed to come in white but instead came in some kind of yellowish fade . It looks like the package was stored in a smoke room for several years . Besides , unless your wiremold setup is perfectly square , it is really hard to fit in . This item is going straight to the trash since it would cost more to return it than the item itself . I think it is better to cut some extra cover in diagonal than to use this .
 This umbrella is cheap , tall and ungly . Its made of hollow brown plastic that I think is supposed to look like wood with gold-colored metal at the center joint . It is way too tall for my standard sized patio table and the color of the umbrella part is ivory rather than natural . Overall , very dissatisfied and I would try to return but it is not an easy thing to send back .
 Luckily I only wanted an inexpensive Market Umbrella to keep me dry while grilling in the rain , and that 's exactly what I got ; CHEAP . The Polyester umbrella is very thin and the pole is really cheap looking and in my case , had a slight bend near the bottom . Here again , I was lucky because the pole was too tall so I had to saw part of it off and that pretty much eliminated the bent portion . I really did n't expect it to be this cheap though , but the bottom line is
 I have been buying from Amazon for a number of years and have always been pleased , thrilled even with the results ... until now ! I can not believe this is the same umbrella mentioned in the glowing reviews . The umbrella is made of cheap see through polyester not durable polyester canvas as stated in the description . The pole was faded and poorly painted . Even the fabric was tearing out of the box because of poor stitching . All in all an umbrella that I could buy at the local CVS for $ 25.00 or less . DO not expect more . I returned mine immediately .
 Came broken with a bent bottom leg . Contacted company -LRB- at Amazon 's insistance -RRB- twice with no response at all from Company . I would not buy another thing from BOND located in the San Francisco Bay area !!!
 You really ca n't expect much from a $ 45 umbrella , when the higher quality umbrellas are selling for $ 100 - $ 200 . Mine arrived with one broken rib -LRB- out of eight -RRB- , so I have one droopy point -- I guess I can live with that . Ca n't wait to see what happens when we have high winds ; if I were wise , I would take it down at the first sign of a strong wind . I gave it two stars only because of the price .
 Within one hour of using the first time two wood arms cracked when the umbrella was hit with a gentle breeze . We were having a party at the time and were using 8 other umbrellas and they were not affected by the breeze . I do n't know what wood they used to make these , but apparently it is not very strong . If only one arm had broken I would have thought it just had a weak spot . But when two broke , I can only think one thing ... this umbrella is junk . Perhaps they were cracked in transit and I did n't realize it until using the umbrella , but I would still have to wonder about the quality of the wood .
 This was second umbrella purchased . First one arrived with a broken support rib . Overall appearance was nice & price low so I re-ordered . One of the umbrella support ribs broke during second night of use ! There was no severe wind or weather condition . Suspect it may have been a weak or defective fabrication issue . Either cheap material -LRB- wood -RRB- or just a bad design . Thank goodness Amazon makes exchanges/returns easy !
 I purchased this based on the picture and item description thinking I was going to receive everything I needed to have a mounted towel bar -LRB- brackets , mounting hardware , bar -RRB- . I was very disappointed when I opened the box and found out that what was included was ONLY the square bar itself . I feel that the listing is very misleading !
 Learned through experience that Ryobi 's trimmer is just not rugged enough to handle an edger attachment . The cable broke soon after I bought the attachment . I bought another weed wacker and will buy an edger separately .
 I received it and I ground a cutting edge on the blade . Then , I started edging and I found that the Ryobi engine was bogged down by the work of the edger . I kept the throttle wide open as I edged but the edger could not cut very well . I actually twisted off the upper shaft in less than 10 minutes of edging . -LRB- The edger slowed down the driven rpm 's , but the engine speed was up . -RRB- So , the Ryobi is great for a string trimmer or a blower , but NOT for use with the edger .
 I had owned a Ryobi gas string trimmer with the ability to add on other tools previously . Went to Home Depot and again purchased a Ryobi gas trimmer to replace an older one but found that Ryobi was out of the accessory business and the only edger available was the Expand-It by Homelite.This tool in no way compares to the Ryobi I owned previously . It has a curved shaft that makes it too short for a 6 ' tall or taller person to use and the curve makes its use awkward at best . I find that my wrists ache after each usage and since I have to stoop , my back hurts also.In half of one season I wore the 9 '' blade down to 5 inches and when I returned to HomeDepot for a replacement I learned that they dont carry the replacement parts.Do yourself a favor and buy something else . I have a couple of weeks left to mow and edge and my Ryobi becomes a full time string trimmer and Im going to buy something quality to edge with .
 I am disappointed in the performance of this edger . It simply is just not very good . Conceptually , it is nice , but in reality it has quite a few problems . For starters , it has what can best be described as a `` rudder '' that is supposed to travel between the pavement and the grass . Unfortunately this extends way past the wheel and it just basically digs itself in , unless you set the blade depth as deep as it can go -LRB- which is difficult for such a small engine -RRB- . I removed the original small wheel and installed a larger wheel just to get this `` rudder '' thing up a little . The second problem is that it has a `` fender '' to prevent stuff from being thrown around . Unfortunately , on thick St. Augustine grass , it hangs up and makes it impossible to advance smoothly and in a straight line.All in all , this was a huge disappointment . I really like the Ryobi string trimmer . I 've been very impressed with it and its design , but do n't waste your money on this edger attachment . BUY SOMETHING ELSE !
 I am on my third Powerhead for this attachment . I just dont think it has enough power for the job . Th cable that turns the attachment ends up breaking . I think it works fine as a trimmer but if your going to do a fair ammount of edging save your money and buy a dedicated edging machine .
 Impressed with the performance of my Ryobi 725r line trimmer , I turned my attention to the unkempt lawn edges that were decidedly unsightly.I was aware of an add-on edger attachment for the the Ryobi line-trimmer , and I proceeded to read the available reviews -LRB- favorable -RRB- and find one at ` the right price ' . It lacked the ` wow ' factor in the flesh , but looked competently produced , and the promise of power edging over a manual chore was decidedly at the forefront of my mind ! So , very much looking forward to tidying up the appearance of my lawns , I proceeded to use the Ryobi edger attachment on the line trimmer.WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT ! No matter how the depth setting is adjusted , it just ` beds in ' in the one spot , or ` rides up ' over the grass it 's supposed to be cutting!Not quite believing that it could REALLY be this useless , I made several attempts to ` master ' the technique , but to no avail.It seems necessary to have to use a cheap edger to do the ` donkey ' work , and use the expensive , power assisted Ryobi edger to periodically trim a few unkempt strands that may develop!The only POSSIBLE thing that I can think of is that the Ryobi edger unit available in this neck of the woods is called ` RLE 1100A ' -LRB- made in the ` States ! -RRB- . It looks EXACTLY the same as the ` LE-720r ' EXCEPT that it has a solid , smaller guide wheel , whereas the LE-720r version has a larger guide wheel with a tyre!I really am very disappointed in the non-performance , and I 'd say do n't waste your money on this useless add-on !
 This edger might be useful for a tiny townhouse patio , but if you have more than 10 feet of edging to do , look to a dedicated edging unit and not this substandard add-on . The trimmer itself is a great unit and I have no complaints -- but the edger add-on only has one guide wheel which makes it difficult to cut a straight line . The power is also insufficient to chew through grass and dirt if you 've waited more than a week from your last edging . Spend your edging dollars elsewhere ...
 I purchased the Ryobi Lawn Eddger for my Ryobi trimmer . On my second use , the Lawn Edger became stuck to the trimmer body.I tried 4 different local `` Authorized Ryobi '' service centers . None will accept a Ryobi trimmer in for `` warranty repair '' . For the past 2 weeks , the only message I have been able to get on the `` Ryobi 1-800 number '' has been `` Due to heavy call volume ... we request that you call back later '' . Even the Ryobi web page is most of the time out of service or extremely slow.I would never consider buying any Ryobi -LRB- or products from the same family -RRB- .
 The trimmer works well but it 's not the one that I ordered . I 'm only given it two stars because the seller knew what they were doing . They advertise one product but sent a knock-off in it 's place just becareful and make sure you check your product before you use it.I was unsuccessful in trying to reach the seller do not purchase from this seller .
 I forgot I even bought this product . It 's been at least a year . All I remember was opening the box and when I saw it I thought , `` What a piece of JUNK '' and sent it back to amazon for a refund . End of story
 I just bought this last month and needed to use it today , I wanted a sturdy step and I trusted the Cosco brand . I have several other Cosco products.This product is sturdy and strongly built but very poorly ergonomically designed . The first step does not project past the second step sufficiently so that the first step -LRB- which is very much smaller than the top step -RRB- has an extremely small footprint . It is not only awkward but the top step painfully contacts your shins . This product does not meet any normal stair step guidelines and must have been designed by someone that does n't really need such a device and normally uses something like a turned over bucket .
 I did my research before ordering . Even checked the manufacturer 's website . Things looked fine , this product should have been a `` 1/2 '' Drive Torque Wrench with 3/8 '' Adapter '' . I received a `` Double Head Torque Wrench '' . Still model number TQ150 , still UPC 76812010643 ... The manufacturer decided to change the product without changing its moder number nor its UPC . They are now to `` incorporating '' the 3/8 inch head into the wrench instead of attaching the separate adapter . The problem is that the torque wrench is unusable with its 3/8 inch head , as the scale is facing away from the user .
 Made in Taiwan ... what can I say ... Like they really give a rat 's apple about YOUR quality of work.But for ten bucks , Hey , you might be able to threaten a mugger with it .
 I gave this as a gift and she told me that she could never get the lamp shade to stay on the bulb . It 's one of those wire circle that attach directly to the bulb . You have to be very careful choosing a lamp on line , be sure to use a ruler or tape measure to help you understand how tall the lamp you are buying stands . Deceilving BUT very inexpensive , almost a case of you get what you pay for
 Ordered two . one for each side of the bed . On broke . Company FURNITURE CREATIONS said that they would not replace it . Never ever buying from this company AGAIN
 I bought this because consumer reports rated it # 1 amongst their epoxies -LRB- 2600 lbs/inch strength advertised -RRB- -RRB- . I first used it on my lawnmower deck - failure , the bond did n't hold 48 hours . Next usage
 The cord ran out so fast that I could not believe it . When I took the item out of the weed whacker , I noticed that the center of where the cord was wrapped around seemed larger . I did not save the old one to compare , but it sure looked deceptive to me .
 I ordered six of these spools the price was good and the first one so far was a disappointment . The thread for some reason was fused together throughout the spool . I had to unwind the entire spool using a utility knife to break away the fused portions . If the price is too good to be true beware . I am afraid to try the next 5 . I bought others previously on amazon with no problems , paid full price . These work but you have to put in some work to get them to work .
 You 'll need a few spare spools because you 'll go through the line quickly . I 've found that if I hit anything that is n't grass - rocks , sprinkler heads , plastic edging - the line will break and you 'll have to `` bump '' out a few more inches .
 I still had to hire a lawn service . I hae never used it since . I am tired of 5 more words
 You can find the same exact product at various hardware stores , etc. for half the price and no shipping .
 Just buy a roll of string from the hardware store . Very simple to re-wrap the spool .
 The spool is way over priced at any Web site that I checked . It runs out of string really fast -LRB- I had to change it 3 times while trimming around my small .11 acre lawn -RRB- . I finally found the correct size string so I can replace it in the spool without having to buy a whole new spool . I will see how that goes .
 it 's mid-june and i 've burned through the same amount of string i used last year . except last year , it was october . last year I bought all B&D bump feed trimmer string from amazon . this year 1 pkg i used was from amazon , and the rest through my local lowe 's . i 'm buying 1 last one from amazon to compare spool centers to determine who is ripping me off . as one reviewer already pointed out , it 's possible the spool centers are larger . however , i also think B & D is providing less string .
 Bought the nail package with the nail gun , Bad idea ! I should have paid attn . to the quantity . Way overpriced & only enough for a small project .
 NAILS too overpriced , like 3 times more than what you would pay elsewhere . 2500 nails costs $ 28.00 at local store . So , look elsewhere . Very disappointed in price .
 The description of this blade says that it fits `` CMM1200 '' lawn mowers . This is n't completely true.There are three different models of the CMM1200
 As has been stated in an earlier review , this blade , despite the photo , is a mulching blade virtually identical in shape to the original blade on my Black & Decker CMM-1000 mower -LRB- with a round , not diamond-shaped shaft hole and blade ends curved below the main shaft -RRB- . However , the finish is pretty rough - it almost seems as if it was a refurbished blade , though I do n't think it is -LRB- not completely sure , though ! -RRB- . Most disappointing is the fact that it was unbalanced worse than my original blade -LRB- which is why I was trying to find a new one -RRB- . It had two bright grind marks where it looks as if the attempt was made to balance it , but it was n't by a long shot . Fortunately I had figured out how to balance the original one -LRB- balancing it by laying it across a round screwdriver shaft , instead of putting the screwdriver through the shaft hole -RRB- , so I 'm still using the original , and the replacement is waiting for a balance job .
 Bought the nail package with the nail gun , Bad idea ! I should have paid attn . to the quantity . Way overpriced & only enough for a small project .
 These DO NOT fit the Porter Cable nailers as he claimed . I guess I should 've known better than to rely on people writing reviews .
 What the other reviewers fail to mention , maybe because they failed to try , is that the AFS on the trimmer continues to work flawlessly with hand wound string , and at less than 1/4 the cost it 's seems like a huge waste to buy the pre-wound spools . It only takes 2 minutes to rewind a spool , so even when I do run out in the middle of a job , I just look at it as a 2-minute break from yard work . Of course , if your one and only concern is convenience , you may be looking at the right product . Be aware , if you 've had trouble with rewinding trimmers in the past , it may be because you 're using old line , which tends to get brittle over time . Buy some new line and try again . If you buy the three-pack of spools three times , you just paid for your trimmer again.Thanks for reading , Adamps . Two stars for effort , but the cost is just ridiculous .
 Spending 15 plus bucks on this is not worth it . You could instead get the nylon cord at homedepot or lowes and roll it up yourself.People have tried it with various levels of success/failure but it does work for sure .
 do n't buy into any of these reviews . the replacement string jams EVERY TIME you replace the roll . EVERY TIME . No exceptions . Let no one tell you differently . 3 minutes into a roll , and the string is unraveled in the casement . You take the roll out , re-wrap it , jams again . I 've easily spent 50 % more than I should have on replacement string because I have to throw away the jammed ones and start anew .
 This stuff sticks to itself and jambs up the weed wacker every 30 seconds , you would be much better off finding some quality string and winding your own spools .
 Incorrect item . The spools were supposed to be the double stringed ones for a newer grass hog edger .
 It seems kind of chinzy for $ 100 , I doubt it will last very long . It does an OK job on the light weeds . The battery does n't last very long , so it is a good thing it came with 2 . They take a long time to charge .
 Very disappointing . Battery life is 15-20 minutes , very little power . Do n't even think about using this on tough weeds ; it barely cuts grass . And two weeks after some occasional use , the line cutter flew off , hitting my shin before it disappeared . There does n't seem to be a replacement part available . Avoid this product .
 Image on site appeared to indicate that this would fit the ST-5000 model electric trimmer ; that 's not the case.Return procedure surprisingly manageable , though , assuming that the credit shows up on my credit-card statement .
 I 'm not very happy with this product . The way the line is wound around the spool for some reason it will not advance automatically . I have to continuously remove the spool cover and physically advance the line by hand .
 These refills were poorly wound and constantly had to be manually unwound in order to use them . A huge hassle
 I purchased this to be used with a Black & Decker string trimmer only to have it die before I could use . Unfortunately , the spools are an 1/8 &#34; too thick to work on my Weedeater . One consolation is that I can unwind the string and rewind on the weeder eater spool . This is time consuming , but at least I have been able to use the sting .
 Why does n't B@D make a spool with a thicker cord . This stuff is the worst . I go a spool every 2 times I weedeat . Cost is $ 18 at my local Lowes for this product . Its very costly .
 This is the first time I have purchased these replacement spools not at Home Depot or Menards , and I tell you , this will be the last ! Each spool seems to be all sticky and do not advance as they should . I am constantly taking the trimmer apart to unravel the spool , then it gets stuck again . When I try to go it manually , the string seems to stick together . They were in B & D packaging , but they seem to be a generic replacement or something .
 great lil saw BUT Milwaukee 18 V NiCads suck !!! buy this bare bones and add Lith Ions , u will be happier ...
 Do n't be misled by the picture , the write-up or the reviews . This is for the handle ONLY . It 's a quality wooden handle , and I am sure it would fit the referenced auger . The name `` Seymour '' is painted on the handle in blue . There is n't a lot that can be said about an auger handle
 These replacement spools are extremely difficult to find . One would think that being a B&D product it would be everywhere . I checked every hardware store , walmart , kmart , the military stores -LRB- AAFES-I 'm retired Army -RRB- , farm stores and even bugged my neighbors . No doubt , I regret the purchase of the trimmer . However , I am sticking with it to avoid spending money on a different one . Plus , the strings are way too short .
 I bought this replacement spool from Amazon because Wally World did n't carry it anymore for the weedwhacker I bought from them . I had already bought the replacement recommended on the box before which let out all the line in no time causing a nasty wrap-up in the motor . When I got this one it did the same thing . I would n't buy another automatic garbage weedwhacker ever .
 just ordered a 3-spool line pkg for $ 20 -- then the S&H ; fee is $ 10 !!!!! $ 10 !!!!!! what a deal!it is hard to believe that anyone over 13 years of age would fall for this!oh well ... j. geary
 the trimmer came . as soon as I used it stopped working . it got in fire . I returned the merchandise but I lost shipping . why ? not my fault it did not work . very very veryt poor transaction .
 I was so excited I finally found the tool box I really wanted. , . It was delivered twice and twice they arrived broken . . So much for the perfect tool box . .
 Unfortunately , for such a handy product , the sharpness of the blades does not last beyond a few uses . Even filing the blades to re-sharpen them does not work . Be prepared to replace the blades often , which are not cheap . It 's a shame the quality of the blades is so poor -- probably the cheap metal used -- because it damages the reputation of Black and Decker .
 Hole in center is not correct , cheap item ... I would NOT Recomend ... Item must be seconds quality from the dealer , as nothing was correct to the machine !
 I just use my edger for edging the lawn by the sidewalk and driveway . This blade does NOT edge straight . It CHOPS and MUTILATES the grass instead of leaving a smooth straight line . Having gone from a straight edge blade to this blade was a HUGE downgrade as far as the quality of the cut goes . Also , the blade is short , and I have to put the edger on the lowest setting in order to get into the dirt where some grass is below the surface . Granted maybe this works best for digging or trenching but the blade is horrible , IMO , for straight edges.I since bought another straight -LRB- 8 '' Rectangle -RRB- blade and even though its not made for the machine , it fits , and works 10X better . I went back and re cut the edges straight so now the lawn doesnt look like chopped salad along the edges . Do yourself a favor and get the straight blade .
 The hole pattern on the picture that is shown does not match the pattern on the item that was shipped . The item that shipped has three circular holes .
 The product you show for this item is not the one I received ... twice . I sent the first order back , and while Amazon processed the return in a timely manner , when I received the replacement it was still the wrong item . If the correct item is not available any more , it should not be advertised . The problem is with the hole in the center of the blade . The one advertised is oblong , but the one shipped is round . To correct the problem , B&D suggests removing the shaped washer to allow use of the blade with the round hole . This is not good support of a product . It is inconsistent with the original design and could cause injury due to a loosening of the blade during use . If the correct blade is still available , I would buy it . But I do not recommend using an incorrect part and modifying the equipment in order to use it .
 The picture shown for the part is not accurate . The part you sent me has a round hole for mounting in the center . The picture shows one that is ` saturn ' shaped , like the one that is on my edger . So , I have purchased a part that I can not use .
 Nails too overpriced . Check local store prices before purchasing . Loved Nail gun not nail prices .
 Ordered and paid over $ 8.00 for shipping . It 's being shipped by snail mail from only 70 miles away . I wo n't purchase from B&C Eagle again and will hesitate from ordering fom Amazon . There loss
 Check at your local building supply retailer ... you can get the same or better quality nail with substantial savings .
 I 'm in my 60 's and grew up pushing a reel mower . I know what a joy it can be to mow your lawn with a push reel mower . This , however has been nothing but a frustration to me . I complained to the company , and the answer was effectively `` sorry ` bout that . '' First , it would n't cut high grass . I can live with that . It wo n't cut flower stems from weeds in the lawn . Did n't like that . So I pulled up the lawn and put in a brand new sod lawn . It cuts pretty well , if you do n't mind cutting several ways , and on consecutive days during the fast growing season in Spring . The major complaint I have is that now that I have a new , soft lawn , the mower wo n't stay in adjustment , so it soon looks like I tore the lawn instead of mowing it , and the anvil and blades do n't meet at all spots on the anvil or blades . Other mowers I 've had cut like a pair of scissors all along the anvil . This one wo n't and it is way too expensive to get it repaired . I wo n't buy anything from this company .
 I really wanted to mow the yard without using gas . Unfortunately even multiple passes fail to cut all the grass . The front of the mower pushes down taller grass and prevents it from cutting it . I have to borrow my neighbors gas mower when the lawn is long and then besure to mow twice a week to make this work . Unless you have time to mow often , consider carefully .
 I 've used an electric lawn mower for a few years till it about fell apart . I decided to try a reel mower . Here 's my the pros and cons : Pro
 A small push mower should be just the ticket for small manageable yards . This model , however , is far heavier than it needs to be and is difficult to maneuver in tight corners . It also tends to do wheelies when backing up , gouging the lawn with the catcher clips and dumping the catcher contents everywhere.To its credit , the bearings and the blades seem very rust resistant . If you like to mow in the rain or you 're one to forget your tools outside , you may want to give this one some thought.I retired this model after its first summer , picked up a neolithic push mower at a neighbor 's garage sale , and am far more satisfied .
 I got this lawn mower last spring because I wanted to save energy and save space in my garage . In the past , I 'd had an old reel mower that was wonderful & worked perfectly , even though it must have 20 or 30 years old . I so looked forward to using my new American reel mower.What a disappointment . What a waste of money . From day one it has not performed well . It flattens more lawn than it cuts , and when it does cut it is so patchy , it looks like a bunch of little mohawk haircuts on the lawn . Completely unacceptable and a waste of my time , as I have to go over several times , and it still looks like a mess.In addition , the handle flexes too much , even when all the nuts are tightened down . Which , by the way , I would advise you to do every time you use the mower , if you buy one . I lost one of the bolt/nut combos that hold the reel height adjuster.I am really puzzled by all the good reviews this mower gets .
 UPDATE -LRB- AUGUST 2011 -RRB-
 Do n't believe the good reviews . This is one of the most poorly made contraptions out there ; I might as well have bought snake oil . The construction of the handle is incredibly flimsy , which causes the blades to bind up because you ca n't apply equal even pressure . After two months , I 've already lost nuts and bolts from it in the yard and foam grip is coming off in multiple places . Oh , and while the `` blade '' assembly is 18 '' wide , the final two inches on both sides do n't really seem to cut anything.Your lawn will look horrible . This `` lawnmower '' hardly cuts anything . I often loose track of what I cut because there 's just so much grass left after pushing through a row . Even when cutting twice with crisscrossing patterns my lawn looks like it was mowed by a lazy teenager . This mowerwill not cut the seed stalks from grass , so you 'll have to get a weedwhacker for that . Oh , and keep that weedwhacker or edger out because any grass near pavement will just be pushed flat rather than cut ; that will also become a near weekly job . Of course since the mower ca n't cut anything close to the sides of a building -LRB- we 're talking 5 inches uncut when the outer wheel is rubbing against the wall -RRB- you 'll need that weedwhacker out all the time anyway.Don ' t believe those people that say this mower is better for your grass than a gas powered one . Gas powered motors , they say , just `` rip '' or `` tear '' grass but reel mowers actually `` cut '' it . That 's simply propaganda . If you examine the grass tips of either properly working mower you 'll see no difference except that reel mowers tend to cut the grass straighter -LRB- ie perpendicular -RRB- while gas mowers have a bit of an angle to the cut . And reel mowers bend the grass back to cut it against the blade anywyay , so all mowever bend grass.This product should n't be bought for more than $ 20 - $ 30 bucks , and then only as a novelty . Sure , it 's quiet and easy to push , but so is a tricycle without a kid on it . Save your money until they develop good battery power mowers .
 Overall , unless the lawn is unhealthy thin , it 's a useless product.First , it gets stucked all the time . If you push harder , the second row of wheels comes out . The second row of wheels are made of plastic and insecurely attached.Second , there is no protection on the blade . When try to install the mower or fixed the above problem , you figers might get in the blade . It 's extremly dangerous if you have children around.Third , it makes sharp noice -LRB- The blades are scratching the steel -RRB- when it is rolling.Fourth , the product also hides a notice , which says that the product can not be returned to the seller and the customer needs to contact manufacturer for all the problems .
 I do n't understand how anyone could be happy with this mower . The mower I received the blades were n't even sharpened . It cut next to nothing and one had to mow over and over again and it would n't cut much . Took mower apart to get blade sharpened and I could not find anyone who wanted to sharpen a reel blade . DO N'T EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING THIS , MINE IS IN THE JUNK PILE
 I was really looking forward to using a no gas mower , but ... . I could n't get this product to work in St. Augustine grass if it was the least bit thick . I do believe that you need to be taller than 5 foot 2 inches as well to get the right angle for optimal push power . I got only a portion of my yard done and had to go buy a gas mower in order to get the rest of it done .
 Title says it all - yet another variable fan speed control that makes your fan hum . Take a pass .
 Go to Harbor Freight and spend 1/4 $ $ on this piece of junk . The locking clamps have all cracked , and do not hold the dial in position after the first or second time I 've tried to tighten them . The horizontal adjusting bar just twists because it was not welded onto the clamp . For a precision measuring tool , this is joke - do not waste your money ! Also - it is impossible to remove the sticky `` oil '' coating this rust bucket was covered in during shipping .
 Dial indicator
 Do n't waste your time purchasing this catcher for the 20 '' Scott Mower . It 's probably ok for a 16 '' . I 'm sending it back and make my own catcher since there does n't seem to be one that fits . Why does Scott sell this product and not provide a catcher ?
 The grass catcher is not the one I would have purchased if I had seen it first . It is flimsy , and tilts in such a manner that about half of the grass collected falls back onto the grass . With a rake and this catcher one might be able to get 75 % of the clippings , but it is not a very good product . Also , the snap on mechanism that connects the catcher to the mower is always slipping off , which makes keeping the clippings in the catcher that much more difficult . If one has this catcher it might be wiser to mow every three to four days . That way you wo n't have to use it .
 Despite the negative reviews of this , I bought it for my 20 '' Scott push mower . I assumed that the problem was that the grass clippings just were n't well directed into the catcher . I have a heavy duty canvas sewing setup , and I thought I might modify the catcher to avoid the issue . But that is n't really the issue at all . The grass clippings simply do n't propel back far enough to get into the catcher . Nothing I can do about that by modifying the catcher . So I used it twice and stopped . Leaving the grass clippings on the lawn is actually good for it , but it means that the dogs -LRB- and people -RRB- track some of them into the house . I try to minimize that problem by mowing the lawn more frequently to keep them as short as possible , so that the clippings drop down deep into te lawn . Sure would be nice , though , if some kind of catcher worked on these otherwise great mowers .
 I ordered this in conjunction with a mower -LRB- 2 for 1 -RRB- . It did n't fit . I 'm out the whole cost plus shipping expenses to send it back .
 I purchased the grass catcher only because I was surprised it was n't included with the 20 '' Scott 's push reel mower I purchased . Attaches easily , but like others , found that it `` dumped '' most of the grass whenever I pulled back on the mower . -LRB- Problem is that the bottom is made of a semi-rigid plastic ; a firmer material might have prevented this issue . -RRB- Also , not sure how much grass it really `` catches '' anyway ; much of the clippings still fell into the grass or were tossed overboard when I pushed too fast . Since reel mowers -- push or gasoline powered -- work best when the grass is n't too long , I would argue you could live without this attachment if you mow your grass at least once a week or more .
 SINCE I HAVE A MUCH SMALLER LAWN AREA NOW I BOUGHT A PUSH MOWER AND EVEN THOUGH IT WAS A MAJOR BRAND , I COULD N'T FIND A CATCHER FOR IT . WAS THRILLED TO SEE THAT TARGET HAD ONE . I STILL HAVE N'T USED IT BECAUSE I NEED TO BUY SOME NUTS AND BOLTS TO ATTACH IT TO MY MOWER . WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE TO KNOW THIS SO I WOULD HAVE HAD THEM ON HAND BEFORE I RECEIVED THE CATCHER .
 THIS ITEM WAS BACKORDERED . I CANCELLED BECAUSE WHEN IT WOULD BE AVAILABLE , THE GRASS CUTTING SEASON WOULD HAVE BEEN OVER . I WILL NEVER ORDER ANYTHING ELSE FROM THIS SUPPLIER . THEY DID NOT EVEN NOTIFY ME OF THE DELAY IN SHIPPING UNTILL I HAD CALLED THEM SEVERAL TIMES AFTER THE DATE DELIVERY WAS PROMISED .
 This thing is a piece of junk . Hard to put on , easy to fall off . It misses 30-40 % of the grass thrown at it . Most of the remaining grass piles up on the mower reel . I have a _ tiny _ lawn , and i had to stop 3-4 times to re-attach this bag.This thing needs a serious redesign , start with the attachment clips ...
 I purchased this grass catcher to use with my new Scotts Classic 20 '' reel mower . The mower 's great . The catcher is n't . The fit is ... well ... iffy . It snaps easily enough on the bar above the rear roller assembly , where it awaits the most inopportune moment to detach itself . I 've found the best way to counter this is to lift up on the handle when pulling back on the mower , thereby avoiding telescoping the grass catcher -LRB- and dumping the cuttings back on your lawn -RRB- . However , the mower can not be pushed with the handle raised even slightly or the clippings will spill forward out of the catcher . Also , on every path or so it 's necessary to reach down behind the blades and sweep the grass toward the back of the catcher
 After using this catcher , I 'm now looking for an alternative . I bought it with the Scott 's mower , and they were clearly not designed to work together . The attachment to the rear bar is not positive , and comes off frequently , and is cumbersome to attach . I long for the old days , and my fathers reel mower with a catcher that lasted for my entire youth . Easy on/off , and cought all the clippings . How hard could this be ?
 For such an easy and simple need this catcher falls really short of its ' usefulness . This is one of those times where the concept on paper does n't convert in to a real functioning end product . The problem is the catcher does not stay in place on the transverse bar on the mower . The plastic grip on the catcher is not capable of holding the catcher to the mower . Even the Scott 's rep admitted that this thing is useless . I tried using Velcro straps tied around the bar and through the plastic base of the catcher to secure it in place . That worked but the catcher is then not easily removed for dumping of the clippings . Also the little sewn on holder for the vertical bar that keeps the catcher fully opened ripped off . Though this is amazingly flawed I have to make it work since I do n't want clippings left on the ground . But I have my eye out for a better catcher . Good luck . Be Patient if there is nothing better you can find . And when you do find something better let me know and be sure to return the old flawed one .
 Like other reviewers , I bought this with my Scott 's mower . They were NOT designed to work together at all . The main problem is that the catcher is designed to work with two mower types -- neither of which is the Scott 's . The bottom hook meachanism does not work . Second problem is that , even if I did get it hooked on with some duct tape , it 's narrower than the cutting part of the mower , so a lot of grass would not even be caught . Select a higher setting on your mower and all the grass would remain on your lawn .
 I 'm a pretty handy guy and I could not figure out how to properly install this `` universal '' catch ... probably because it 's simply not a good fit even when installed to specifications . Why Scott 's brand would allow such a generic `` piece '' to be associated with their product and brand name is beyond me . Unless you know how to weld the included hardware to the rear cross-member -LRB- and I certainly do not -RRB- , I find this catch to be totally worthless ... if you 're like me , you knew you were in trouble when the assembly instructions did n't even offer assembly for a 20 inch mower .
 The construction is poor . It did not function properly as it did not remain securely fastened to the mower and thus was unusable .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.The bag does not stay on the mower and is too narrow for the mower even if it did stay put .
 I read all the negative reviews but decided to take a chance anyway.DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is absolutely WORTHLESS ! I have an American Lawn Mower reel mower and it is great ... this is quite the opposite ... it is hard to find the proper words to convey just how useless this contraption is.DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I received the reel mower grass catcher in new condition . However when I tried to install it on my reel mower it was in the wrong size and does n't fit on the mower . I am very dissatisfied with this product .
 I installed the grass catcher as noted in the directions setting it to the far left and it still does not collect 80 % of the clippings . Poor design . Requested a return as defective .
 Well , I should 've listened to the other reviewers and skipped this grass catcher . It 's definitely not worth $ 25.00 ! I can hold in one hand the amount of clippings this catches . Also , the mower is more difficult to manuever in a small space and is even harder if the person is short -LRB- 5 ' 5 '' or less -RRB- . I also bought a Toro 51599 Blower/Vacuum/Mulcher when I bought this catcher , and I highly recommend using your $ 25.00 towards the Toro instead . I use the vacuum setting and go over the lawn when I do n't want to leave the the clippings . It picks-up the fresh clippings and dead grass without a problem -LRB- be careful of small rocks & wood chips -RRB- , and then I use the mulch in my flower pots and vegetable containers !
 Bought this with the Scotts Classic Reel Mower . Mower is fantastic and cuts like butter , but this product is just plain terrible . Unlike other reviewers , I have no problem attaching the bucket to my mower and it stays in place . The problem is the blades on the mower are designed to throw the grass to the left and , at least for me , to the front of the mower . I probably only collect 20 % of the grass that is cut . The grass really gets clogged up in the front of the catcher , near the blades . I have to stop and clear it all the time .
 This product is not worth the money . It 's very hard to attach and falls apart and you are moving across the lawn .
 The grass catcher they said would fit on the Scotts 2000-20-inch classic push reel lawn mower does not fit properly . It is not wide enough to fit the lawn mower and the the clips that are supposed to attach on to the lawn mower do not work , there is no place to attach them .
 I purchased this with the reel lawn mower and sharpening kit . Would not recommend it ! Barely catches any grass before it needs to be emptied , tends to gather the clippings right at the front ! Not really worth the effort of attaching to the reel lawn mower .
 This item does not fit the mower it was supposed to . I have doubts that it fits anything . What do you want for something made in China . I wish I 'd known that before hand .
 this was a disappointment . I does hold some of the grass , but not enough and it pops off too easily in the middle of mowing spilling the grass . The gap between the blades and catcher is too large and allows grass clippings to escape .
 Would love to use this product if I could figure out how to put it on the lawn mower . It does not come with written instructions and only has an illustration , which does not explain the process at all .
 This Chinese-made lawn mower grass catcher is a complete waste of money . Poorly designed and with instructions that must have been written and illustrated by the Chinese Helen Keller , it is garbage . The `` instructions '' ask that you crimp one piece of metal closed over another . Well why not just forge a new one instead at your local steel mill ? The illustrations are so badly drawn they are impossible to understand . The grass catcher when finally assembled - by no help of the instructions - is a sloppy fit to the lawn mower . The flimsy construction does not help either . What a disaster . I would be better off taping a plastic bag to the lawn mower - or my knees ... A waste of money . Do n't do it !
 unlike many other reviewers , I had no problem with the grass catcher fitting on the mower . I am using the bag on an American Lawnmower Company 1815-18 . It seems that many of the reviewers that had fit problems were trying to use the bag on a mower other than the ALMC brand.That all said , the engineering and design of the product could only be described as LAZY . The clip designed to attach the bag to the mower is the most critical part of the product and it looks like the designers spent 10 seconds thinking about it . Its poor design allows the bag to be bounced off the clip very easily . What frustrates me is that I was able to design and fabricate a fix for the problem in about 15 minutes using nothing more than a drill , a pliers , and about 3/16 '' of spring steel wire . Come on American Lawnmower Company , you guys do n't have one engineer smarter than me ? Please . 1 Star for lazy design .
 The bagger was obviously not engineered for the mower I bought . It catches about half of the grass , and then dumps it out as you go down an incline . Unless you mow super fast , the clippings do n't make it very far into the catcher . I would n't buy it again if I could do it over .
 Amazon `` recommends '' this grass catcher for the 20 '' Scotts reel mower . WRONG ! It does not work , it is not designed to work with that mower , and it is a totally erroneous cross-reference . Amazon -- ge this recommendation off your website !!!
 Do n't waste your money . Only about 10 % of the clippings end up in the bag . I mow at 3 '' and only the first few clippings end up in the bag . Good idea but not worth it since you end up raking the lawn anyways .
 Seriously folks , I agree with most others here that this thing is worthless . Just like many others here , I struggled to attach this to my reel mower -LRB- 16-in Task Force from Lowes -RRB- . Even if it had attached easily , it still would not be worth $ 20 because -LRB- in my opinion , from my experience -RRB- a bag and a reel mower do n't work well together . Some here say that it will catch 75 % , I 'd say it will catch 5 % , really that bad . People are saying that the reel will cut the grass and throw it out the left side , but for me it just goes up and practically everywhere so I 've given up on the whole idea of a catcher and rake afterwards . JonathanS
 I do n't know why Amazon suggests this item along with the lawnmower that i order . It did n't Fit . I am a kind of person who does n't like or have time to return things so it 's very annoying .
 This grass catcher is not solidly built nor does it fit all sizes of reel mowers . My mower is 18 inches and it did not fit . The bottom is plastic . The sides do not stay up well . I 'd consider just mowing the lawn without a grass catcher and see if that works for you .
 I read the bad reviews and did n't believe them . I thought , `` Well , how bad can it be ? '' Pretty bad . Most of the grass does n't actually make it into the bag , and what does make it falls out . What DOES make it is just a couple of quarts worth of grass.I 've used this once and I 'm returning it in the morning .
 * Grass does not accumulate in the catcher . It collects mainly on the reel and has to be pushed into thec atcher every now and then to avoid clippins from falling bakc on lawn . That does happen still even if we keep an eye on the accumulation on the reel . * If the mower setting is for the highest cut then the grass catcher is completely ineffective as its kind of angled now and nothing falls into the catcher anymore . * If you want one make sure you mow every week and at the same height settings .
 This catcher should NEVER be sold together with the Scotts 20 '' Mower . THEY DO N'T FIT TOGETHER !!! Amazon should be ashamed of themselves for even pairing these two . I will get my money back , do n't waste yours.The catchers design is good , just does n't fit .
 Reel mowers have been around for quite a while and it baffles me to no end why there is still not a decent grass catcher for this `` classic '' lawn mower . Just a small wind from behind or a small amount of grass collected along the forward portion of the catcher ensures that you have to continually stop and manually redirect the grass to the rear of the bin or plan on raking.Installing the catcher to the bar is a chore each and every time unless you store the catcher on the rear of the mower . That increases the amount of storage space you will need by not a small amount.I 've done my bit for the environment this year , but next year may bring the ear plugs and a gas engine back into my yard . Reel lawn mowers are real pains .
 This is a barely acceptable product . It is intended to fit all types of push mowers , from 14 inches to 20 inches wide . Needless to say , it can not do the job suitably for all of them . Ca n't speak for how it works for other sizes , but it does not work well for the 20 inch mower .
 I purchased this grass catcher to use with my new Scotts Classic 20 '' reel mower . The mower 's great . The catcher is n't . The fit is ... well ... iffy . It snaps easily enough on the bar above the rear roller assembly , where it awaits the inopportune moment to detach itself . I 've found the best way to counter this is to lift up on the handle when pulling back on the mower , thereby avoiding telescoping the grass catcher -LRB- and dumping the cuttings back on your lawn -RRB- . However , the mower can not be pushed with the handle raised even slightly or the clippings will spill forward out of the catcher . Also , on every path or so it 's necessary to reach down behind the blades and sweep the grass toward the back of the catcher
 So the silly thing does n't stay on and besides that I have now learned that it is much better for your lawn if you just let the clippings lay . This means you ca n't let your lawn get really long or you might end up matting it . But if you are using a reel mower anyway you would n't want your lawn to get long . Moral of the story ... leave the organic matter where it should be and out of the landfills .
 I purchased this to go with my Scotts 20 inch classic mower and i have to do some serious modifications to make it stay on similar to the other reviewer who mentioned he used velco.Right out of the box it you have to sit and scratch your head on how you are going to get this attached to the mower . the chain is too long and you have to adjust it . Make sure you use pliers to tighten the hooks that keep the shape of the bag . it took me about 10 minutes of trying to figure out why it kept falling apart when i would pick it up . there are no correct places to bolt on the hooks that go on the mower so you have no choice but to use the velcro . -LRB- velcro only works so well especially when it gets grass in it . You really need to make sure you have velcro straps similar to what you would use to tie up computer wires , that way they come off easy when you have to dump the clippings.I am going to keep it and rig it when i need it because it is not worth paying return shipping for a product that costs $ 20 .
 I guess this thing gets the job done . Not sure what I expected for $ 23 , but I got a flimsy-looking thing that looks like it cost about $ 3.50 to manufacture . You ever buy a tool at a flea market ? Or in the bargain bin at the local big lots store ? That 's the level of quality you 're getting here . That said , it catches most of the grass that zips out the back of my Scott 20 '' . Not sure if it 'll last more than a season , though . Would recommend checking out alternatives .
 I purchased this item to fit a Scott 's 20 '' mower . The item discription said this was the catcher to fit this particular mower . It does fit , however it is about 4-5 '' to narrow , not the full 20 '' wide . It was easy to unpackage and start catching immediately . The back of the catcher is supported by a metal arm that is sewn to the bottom of the catcher . During the first use this came loose and I had to rework it to continue use . I 'm still using it and it 's better than nothing at all , but I was diaappointed in the size and quality .
 Save your money and do n't buy this . The reel mower ca n't push the grass up far enough into this , so you end up with a big clump right at the front . You have to stop every so often to push the grass to the back or it 'll clog the mower.Since you have to mow often with a reel mower , your grass can never get tall enough to leave those nasty clumps of grass like with a regular mower . So this is highly unnecessary .
 This attachment is useless and poorly designed . It collapses repeatedly and even when it is holding its shape it does n't collect grass trimmings efficiently - if 10 % end up in the catcher I 'd be surprised . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This grass catcher hardly catches any grass when you have the blade at the highest setting . The catcher will buckle and dump any grass that it has caught if you try to back up . I think it is a waste of money .
 I need a grass catcher for my reel mower , for the times when the clippings would be a little too long to leave on the lawn.However , this catcher is just ridiculous.First , the catcher is flimsy , but easy to install . You can not back up with it on , or it will fold and you will have to push down on the front edge.Second , the clippings are thrown to the left with my Scotts 20 inch Classic . This would be OK , except that the left side of the catcher becomes clogged with just a few feet of mowing . When that happens , the grass starts to be thrown forward over the front of the mower . You then have to bend down , push the clippings all the way back and clear the front edge , and finish that row . If I had wanted to leave the clippings on the lawn , I would n't use a grass-catcher !! Third , after about 30 feet of mowing with average length clippings , you have to empty the mower or it will be constantly clog the mower . This means bending down and manually scooping the grass out 2-3 times . You could remove the catcher and empty it , but this would add a LOT of time to each stop . Keep in mind that you will have to stop every 30 seconds or so !! Depending on the clippings and whether they are wet , the catcher will rarely beat out having to rake .
 After one use , seams started failing . Is repairable , however sort of a pain to keep repairing after every-other use . Would suggest finding something of higher quality .
 I was not impressed with this at all . It said universal for up to 20 '' mower . This bagger does not come close to working with my 20 '' mower . I have to pick a side to use . It is easy to hook up but does not catch very much grass . Before buying this watch your grass cutting . If most if flying over the front of the mower than a bagger will be of no use . If I had to do it over again I would not waste my time buying this bagger that catches about 20 % of the grass .
 The grass catching ability of the item is extremely limited . You spend more time emptying it than cutting grass .
 Instructions are written in poor-english , not all hardware included -LRB- missing one of the two mounting brackets -RRB- .
 This was the one for my 21 '' Scott 's push reel mower , however it is about 5 '' narrower than the mower blades . Half of the grass clippings were n't caught . Appears to be good quality , just is not the right width for 21 '' mower . Should be fine for 16 '' . If you want it to catch 50 % of the grass , this is the bag for you .
 Bought this item for the Scotts 2000-20 20-Inch Classic Push Reel Lawn Mower but it does n't fit . Too narrow . Otherwise , after viewing the product , it seems it would do it 's job .
 Purchased both : American Lawn Mower 1414-16 16 '' Standard Push Reel Lawn Mower , American Lawn Mower Company 1ST-SP Reel Mower Grass Catcher , since they are listed as `` Frequently Bought Together '' . Mower works great , this grass catcher on this mower is useless . Limited points at which to attach chain hook to upright handle support causes either rear of bag to be `` slightly '' higher than front in which case the grass falls back into the spinning blades OR rear of bag touches ground and jumps off mower support bracket frequently . Gave up on catcher , mowing multiple times -LRB- very small yard -RRB- to `` mulch '' grass.Would recommend manufacturer modify their included brackets with positive closure mechanism in order to prevent accidental disengagement from mower - and perhaps a different chain hook or attachment point physically on mower .
 After taking the time to carefully assemble the lawnmower for which this catcher is sold , I was disappointed to learn that the catcher was the wrong size for the mower . According to the directions , it was designed to fit an 18 '' mower , and yet it was sold with a 20 '' mower . This obviously results in 2 '' of grass clippings being left on the ground with each pass . From a phone call to Amazon I was assured this was the catcher assigned to this mower . The Amazon representative was understanding , and after some strong talk from my end of the line , offered to remove the charge for the catcher from my credit card . The next morning I skipped Amazon and went right to the manufacturer , American Lawn Mower . When I told them of my dilemma of receiving an 18 '' catcher for a 20 '' mower , the rep from American Lawn Mower freely admitted that this was intentional . He said that they call it a `` universal '' catcher for 16 '' and 18 '' mowers -- but they also sell it with 20 '' mowers . How silly ! I fault the Amazon `` buyer '' who ever made the agreement with American Lawn Mower company , and agreed to put this faulty item in the online catalog without checking out the product first ! It should have been pulled from the catalog right away after so many bad reviews ! I thought Amazon had it 's act together better than this . It makes me wonder if I can trust Amazon again for anything larger or more complex than a book ! I returned the catcher with the mower and the sharpener , and did receive a full refund from Amazon !
 Disappointed . It is supposed to work with all real mowers , and best for widths no larger than 18 '' . I have a Craftsman 18 '' mower . The bag easily attaches , but the grass does not collect anywhere but the front of the catcher . So every few minutes the grass has to be pushed by hand to the back . If not , it falls off the front in clumps .
 I thought all the complaints where because people where trying to use the American Lawn Mower catcher on some other brand of push mower . So I purchased an American Lawn Mower push mower and this catcher to go with it.I 'm sorry to say it 's still a lousy fit . This catcher popped off 4 times in 6 minutes . Every 1.5 minutes I have to bend over and re-attach the catcher . You 'd think if it was the same brand they would design it to fit better . Well no.Not sure what brand to recommend , seems like most people use push mowers without catchers .
 Even though it is the ONLY reel-mower grass catcher that they sell at the American Lawn website , it does NOT universally fit all `` American Lawn '' reel mowers . Very frustrating . The instructions use technical language and graphics , not end-user friendly . We tore apart the grass catcher trying to make it fit , and I 'm still hoping we are able to make it work somehow , in the meantime , I am still raking . I saved a couple bucks buying the catcher at Amazon instead of the American Lawn website .
 American Lawn Mower Company Reel Mower Grass Catcher # 1ST-SPI experienced the same fit issues I see in many of these reviews . Luckily mine came with an instruction sheet and after trying without satisfaction to attach the catcher to the mower I noticed it says it is for 14 '' and 16 '' mowers . I talked to Amazon & hopefully they will change their text to reveal this . Since I have not used the item they have agreed to issue a full refund .
 I really give it zero starts . This does not fit the mower it is advertised with , nor the sizes it states it accomodates . Another crappy Chinese product .
 If only I knew then what I know now . The mower is a wonder of design , but this `` grass catcher '' simply does not work . A very , very mechanically-gifted neighbor performed the assembly , and afterwards took it off the mower with the comment , `` This is just a really bad idea . '' The device may be compatible with another mower , but not with the Scott 's push mower that I just reviewed . To add insult to injury , no invoice was in the box , so I 'm not sure how to return it . $ 25 + down the drain .
 Useless . Total waste of money . Uncontrollable . Gets jammed and twisted at every bump and turn . Forget about going in reverse .
 I bought this because I needed to compost my grass clippings and there are no alternatives . Fairly easy to install , you 'll have to empty it every couple of passes , as it holds very little . You need to remember to lift the handle when you back up or the catcher will fall off . A little practice and you can make do . Certainly not the best product , butagain , there 's really no alternative .
 It attaches at the bottom with a plastic grip that takes too much effort to attach , similar to a plastic bag , you need to peal it on and off . The worst part , it is too flimsy to hold grass while pushing . The bottom bows , and the grass is forced back onto the reels . You can see in their advertisement picture the slight bow already , it bows halfway up the catcher , pretty bad . Waste of money , wasted of shipping .
 Where do I start ? What , I do n't believe about 100-negative reviews ? This catcher WILL NOT WORK ON A SCOTTS 20 '' MOWER !!!!! It 's at least two inches too narrow , and the hardware provided has no place for attachment to the mower . Scotts probably does not market a catcher because the mower was designed to be sold without one . Now I even hate the mower . This product should be removed from any association with Scotts 20 '' Classic Mower .
 Would n't recommend . The coating comes off and the steel rusts . This occured in the first year we had it . Now searching for a new one .
 This mower has been nothing but adjustments from the start , and it still does n't cut.It takes at least two passes over any type of grass to get an even cut . On thin , tall grass it takes four to five passes.I have tried every adjustment on it including sharpening the blades and nothing helps.I 'm going to gas power mowers .
 The American Lawn Mower misses lots of grass when mowing . Instead of cutting neatly it pushes the grass over and only cuts some of it , leaving clumps of uncut grass behind . Shortly after purchasing this mower I had to buy a gas powered mower as this one just does not work . Save yourself the money and get a gas or electric powered mower .
 I was very excited to purchase this product . Wanted to `` go green '' . Did read reviews prior to purchase . Some areas of my grass are fine . There are MANY blades that are not cut and you have to go over it again -LRB- especially at the edges of the mower -RRB- . Bogs down easily on anything that is not flat , flat , flat . Any hills , divets and you may have problems . It is harder to push than I expected . I also have the problem of the bolts falling off the bottom . I do n't think it is made for my type of grass and area but could be very useful to the right person .
 This mower worked fine for a month or two for our back yard , then the handle -LRB- like , the whole top end , not just the grip -RRB- bent . The ground in our back yard is a little uneven , so I think all the bumping and jostling while pushing got to it . It cut the bluegrass in our back yard alright , but we have what I think is really beefy bermuda grass in our front yard , and this was reallllly hard to cut with the mower . We barely could get it done the first time through , then as the blade got more and more dull -LRB- we 're talking like , after 3-4 mowings , not years here -RRB- it just would n't do it.I really wanted to like it , and I like the idea of the reel mowers , but the blade on a normal mower is so much easier to sharpen ... we ended up bringing it to goodwill and getting a corded lawn mower .
 I already own a 20 inch reel mower . Because I have really thick zoysia , it tends to clog the mower . I thought buying a smaller 16 inch mower with more cutting edges would work better . In reality , the mower does a better job at cutting the grass , and the large rollers in the rear make the cut look even better . The problem I have is that when pushing the mower the handles fold down causing weakness . Too much of this causes the handles to finally break . The handle needs to be a loop in order to withstand the constant pushing .
 I do n't know what I could possibly be doing wrong , considering all the mostly favorable reviews for this mower . I had a really difficult time the first time I used it , but I had let the grass get too long and assumed that it would be easier next time . Well , no , not so much ! It just about kills me trying to push this thing , regardless of how much grass has or has not grown . I frankly do n't know one type of grass from another another but my lawn service told me I had bermuda , which was my reason for selecting this particular model . There does seem to be different types of grass in different spots , but no matter what type , this mower just wo n't go through it ! I 've adjusted the cutting height up and down and in the middle . I 've adjusted the blades until I 'm blue in the face . I 've moved the height adjustment `` bar '' on the back to the highest and lowest and everything in between.I so very much wanted this to work . I do care about the environment , and I wanted something that my grandson and I could `` bond '' over -LRB- he wanted to earn some video game money during the summer , and I thought we could do my yard together , but he ca n't push the darn thing either -RRB- , and save the money I was paying the yard service -LRB- who did a crappy job anyway -RRB- , but I 've reached the end of my tolerance with this thing , and there 's simply nothing else that I can adjust to try and make it work.As a last resort , I think I 'll put it in the driveway and run it over with my truck , and if that does n't work , put it by the curb for the trash men .
 I bought this mower for my bermuda lawn - skipping the 5 blade models for the ` bent grass ' model . It 's underperformed since day one . It 's overly sensitive to the slightest bump or dip in the yard and constantly chokes on thicker -LRB- not taller -RRB- areas.One of the wheels also seems to catch from time-to-time , as if the gear inside the wheel is n't turning.I had one of the cheap 15 '' reels and loved it - cut turf in WA and CT and even St. Augustine 's in Houston . I sold it in AZ -LRB- no lawn -RRB- and regret it . I 've stopped telling people about the merits of reel mowers - in case this is the new quality of the mowers being made .
 Maybe the blades were too far gone , but I could not get them sharpened enough to do the job . Had to put the mower to rest . At that price , wish it had worked !
 The shaft on my lawn mower was to large for the crank handle ; I returned the product . As it turned out , it would n't have sharpened my blade very well since it was damaged by stones .
 This is like buying a pet rock . It took a few weeks to arrive . Now in hindsight , it was probably a case of the company being shocked that sombody actually was stupid enough to buy this snake oil ; in which case they had to scramble to make it -LRB- by mixing sand with blue hand cream ; throwing in a cheap tool to hand crank -RRB- . I actually attempted using this stuff and midway through suddenly felt like the boy who bought those x-ray glasses out of the back of a magazine . Save your money for a case of beer to have after mowing the lawn -LRB- with a dull reel mower -RRB- .
 Do n't waste your money , if you are handy with tools just buy valve grinding compound it works the same .
 Go to your auto parts store and get some grinding compound for a fraction of the cost.Also , for a much quicker sharpening session , remove both wheels , swap the gears so that the reel turns backwards , apply the compound , and walk the mower up and down the driveway . The backwards operation provides the backlapping to sharpen the reel and blade . Clean up the excess , and swap the gears back . Total time
 The crank did n't lock on and the compound was all dried up . Maybe I can use the cheap brush for a painting or staining project .
 I have an old Pope Hand Mower . The crank handle shaft supplied diameter is smaller & does not fit my machine , nevertheless the grinding paste is brilliant . Details of the diameter were not supplied on the Amazon Add , so in blind faith I waited , hoped and was disappointed . I still think the product is brilliant and extremely cost effective.Cheers from OZ
 The box says it `` attracts and kills mosquitoes , flies and other flying insects '' . I left it on for two days on a patio full of flies , and it did n't kill a single fly . Got a few gnats though .
 Get their more expensive model with light sensitive on/off switch . This model stays on all the time and the bulb is quite bright , not their black light . I would not recommend this one .
 This was a total waste of time and money . I had high hopes , because I 'm inundated by mosquitos . The thing worked for a very short time , and never attracted mosquitos . I bought the attractant and used it . One light is intermittant and the grid seems not to be electrified . A friend has had similar success . I just bought a bat house .
 I bought this to kill mosquitos . The only insects that I findare ants of which there are so many that the few that arekilled are totally meaningless . Save your money
 I live in Dallas , TX and this Flowtron is completely useless . I had previously another similar product from Stinger and it just does n't work.I do n't know if that type of products works with mosquitoes in other regions.But here it does n't catch any mosquito , and the mosquitoes just continue to attack people very aggressively . They are ignoring the product completely!I find that a product from OFF -LRB- OFF clip-on -RRB- is much more effective , although a bit more inconvenient - you have to carry them .
 Flowtron product killed tons of bugs in the 7 days it worked . After about 7 days it stopped working altogether . I sent it back free of charge after calling Flowtron but it 's taking over 10 days to get it back .
 I bought this 1/2 acre model BK-15D to replace my old 1 acre model that stopped working in my back yard . This unit can barely attract the bugs to it , and when it does it seems to struggle to zap the bugs . It seemed like it was n't working at all so I moved it to the front yard where I have another 1 acre model . The zapping nearly stopped as soon as I changed zappers . It was working but not like the larger model . I further tested it by plugging in both units and the bugs were flying through this unit to get to the bigger one . I recommend paying a few extra dollars and get the 1 acre model Flowtron-BK-40D which I would rate 5 stars .
 Do n't waste your money on this low powered unit . Not only did it not work because of a disconnected wire , ... I was able to repair , but it environmentally safe because it does n't kill bugs . Step up two the dual tube # 80 ... it is definitely worth the extra money .
 The only insect species that these devices kill are the ones you do n't need to worry about anyway . Mosquitoes are attracted to carbon dioxide , among other things , NOT ULTRAVIOLET LIGHT . The manufacturers of `` bug zappers '' and similar products mislead consumers in that regard .
 I received this unit yesterday,un-boxed and installed on my post.Only one light light up and I watched the light past dark , no insects were shocked.For this product to be made in America , I 'm beyond disgusted!Now , tying to make contact with customer service for an exchange.I guess , in the mean time , flying insects will be having a party.What a way to begin Spring !
 I purchased the Flowtron BK-80D Electronic Insect Killer to give as a gift to a senior citizen who lives out in the woods . The recipient found it to be beautiful , but had no idea that it was n't working properly . The product attracted millions of insects , but never once `` zapped '' a bug . Laughing insects walked on the grid enjoying the view . I 'm hoping the company will work with us to replace the useless unit with something that functions properly .
 very dissappointed . I purchased this item for my 10 ' by 20 ' deck for mosquitos . I thought I would spring on the one that covered more acre , even though this is a tiny area . It doesn ; t keep the mosquitos away at all . It is now full of moths and I ca n't get them off the light . I read reviews and thought it would be the perfect solution for cookouts and drinks on the deck . Complete dissappointment .
 We bought it month ago , did not use it every day , but the bulb broke now . So disappointed .
 I moved my zapper in different locations -LRB- read and followed the directions -RRB- and I still had problems with mosquitos coming in my home ! My patio also had flying bugs and we have a problem with West Nile Virus Encephalitis in our area . I decided to have my lanai screened in instead .
 Save your money on this product !!! Mine worked for 2 weeks and stopped working . They sent me parts to fix it the first time , which did not correct the problem . It was then sent back to the factory which took them 3 weeks to return it . It work the same as when I sent it , meaning nothing was done.It was sent back to the manufacturer again and I requested a new unit or send me my money back . After having it for two more weeks , I called to find the status . They informed me that a new unit was going to be sent the next day . Not receiving the shipment after 8 more days , I called again and they said it was just shipped today and should arrive next week . Based on past permormance I have my doubts . Two weeks of operation and 2 1/2 months later , I still do not have a unit and mosquito season is over !!
 The thing is broken minutes after taking it out of the box . Before it broke , I plugged the unit into my outdoor rated GFCI outlet to test it before I bothered installing it and it emitted a light blue light -LRB- expected from instruction manual -RRB- but started `` zapping '' without any bugs touching it . I installed it , plugged it in , and it did n't work . I went through the single page of instructions included with the unit again and tried the troubleshooting suggestions and ruled out all possibilities except one , `` Starter Defective '' . The suggested correction is `` Starter Replacement by Manufacturer Required '' . I opened the top -LRB- probably voiding all warranties -RRB- and , from what I can see , there is some kind of Christmas light like fuse connected/hard wired to the bulb `` socket '' that has burned out -LRB- it 's burning out probably stopped the unexplainable arcing -RRB- . It does n't look like a DIY fix and the whole unit does n't work . I have to send the unit to the manufacturer to fix it ? Pretty disappointing . This is n't the kind of zapper Vincent Price would approve of .
 Do n't wast money on this product . Does n't work . I do n't know if it works with mosquitoes , but definetely it does not work with flies . I have plenty of flies in the garage where I have installed it , and there are no flies attracted to the light to go there and die . Waste of my time and money .
 When a bug was electrocuted , the zapper was not strong enough to pulverize the insect . They remained in the grid . I returned the unit .
 I live in Panama . I ordered this Flowtron Bug Zapper and finally received it and plugged it in , but the black light bulb would NOT light up . I bought another black light bulb and still NO light ... I could send it back , but shipping charges from Panama are SO exorbitant ... I bought another model -LRB- cheaper -RRB- , at DoIt Center and it 's working OK ...
 Maybe this works on some other kind of mosquito , but here in the DC area this had absolutely no effect at all !
 I bought this item 3 weeks ago and so far I am waiting for the first mosquito to be zapped !
 I bought this with high hopes . Right out of the box this thing was super loud but I thought maybe it would settle in . Well it did . The noise dropped off after about 3 days . But I should have returned it right away . The thing died completely just outside the return window . Total junk !
 I know we have had a lot of rain this year and that provides a spawning ground for mosquitoes , but honestly , I notice no difference in the number of mosquito bites I get with the insect killer or without it .
 This product is very effective for getting rid of bugs , but after using it for about 4 weeks I noticed that my plants that were about 6 feet away from it started wilting - almost as if they have been scorched under the sun ! For now I have turned this off , I have to find another spot to hang this lantern - away from my plants ! On the positive side - I have very few bugs .
 The bulb poped out after a few minutes of use and I can not review whether it works or not .
 Light bulbs are only good for 6 months maximum . At $ 29 + each it left me very unhappy . I had a Sears zapper for 20 years and never replaced a bulb . Otherwise the zapper worked ok . I have two other smaller Flowtron zappers that work ok except that I had to replace a bulb in less than year in one of them . In my BK-40D when it was new I had left it on 24/7 . After I replaced the bulb I just left it on at night . It did n't do any better .
 I bought this product with great hopes -LRB- thanks to many positive reviews -RRB- , alas , it does not make a noticable difference in my mosquito and other flying insect problem . I live in northern Virginia , in a relatively built up area and have a small yard , but a horrid biting insect issue . Despite getting rid of standing water pools , over 1 week with the mosquito repellent installed , the MK-15D has not made a worthwhile dent . Friend and family come over and , like me , still get horribly bit in our back yard . We placed the unit close to our patio , but away from other lights and no help . What a shame . It lights up , warms up , etc and kills a few bugs here and there . All in all , a waste of money . As such , I 'd search out whatever other limited options you can find . I know I 'm still looking .
 The only reason I am giving this item one star is that the light `` may '' attack bugs away from our patio , but it certainly does n't kill any . I have never heard a zap and never seen any evidence of a dead bug . Others seem to not have this problem , but I am currently looking for another brand .
 This light is pretty worthless . It kills lots of moths and other non-biting bugs but did n't put a dent in the mosquito or fly population . I got this as an alternative to my unreliable SkeeterVac but it does not work and is equally unreliable . The bulbs blew after 1 season . Replacement bulbs are $ 40 each plus shipping . It takes 2 . That is $ 90 for 2 bulbs and I only paid $ 80 for the whole unit . Thanks but no thanks.Unfortunately , the only thing I 've found that actually catches mosquitoes is the propane powered devices . They are all unreliable too . Skip the zappers and traps and use deet .
 i hate this product it never catch a flay it is soooooooooo bad and expensive too i got it for almost 45 dollars and i paid my money for nothing
 It works fine now , but it arrived broken and it took a lot of time and super glue to put it back together so it would work !
 I spent the money on it and the holder , but the result is far away from what I expected . Maybe my mosquitos are too small to fly on the height of the lamp ? -RRB- -RRB- looks like they hide in the grass and bite my legs ! And also it is so-so effective only during night time , dusk - no use , I have to spray myself anyway -LRB- -LRB-
 It worked for 12 days and then nothing . Have not had the time to research on how to return it .
 Well I should have listened to my first instinct and not of purchased this . I have had this on all day and all night , It has cost me hours of wasted time.I moved it literally twenty times all over in different places in my back yard . Even up high and low.Then I even hanged smelly food on the outside grits to attract all the flies that are annoying me and my pets . NOTHING WORKED !!! It literally killed only three flies in a twenty four hour period . There is nothing that I could of done that I did not try to get this to work.Not to mention the power cord is ridiculous how short it is.DO NOT LISTEN TO THE HIGH REVIEWS . DO NOT BELIEVE THEM . I AM RETURNING . And once again a company with a cheap plastic expensive product that is a piece of CRAP .
 I got my new Flowtron BK-80 out of the box today . Like other reviews stated , it 's a good idea to remove the bulbs and spray the grid with pam ; so I did that . I put the bulbs back in -LRB- which was no easy task in itself -RRB- , affixed the bulb retainers and hung the unit outside . It was up maybe 2 hours -LRB- not in the sun -RRB- and not even plugged in , when one of the bulbs exploded out the bottom of the unit , peeling back part of the bottom plastic grid . Now I have to buy new bulbs and try this again . I would have packed it right back up and seen about returning it , but I already knocked the box down and put in recycling . I may retape the box back up and return it anyway , now that I think of it ! This makes me very unhappy !
 I recently purchased the Flowtron insect killer for 1 acre , and it does not lessen the mosquito population in my yard at all ! I get bit 20 ft away from it . I hear it zap a bug once in a while , but they are moths mostly . The mosquito attracting scent paper that I stuck on the bottom does not lure them away from us people ! I want my money back ! Kathy in Colorado
 When the flowtron it arrived , the instructions indicated that the flowtron should be placed at a location away from the house ; away from people . Since I did not have an electrical feed away my house , I had to return the flowtron . Having the instructions under product information would have been helpful.This rating IS NOT based on product usage.This rating is based on the product 's description on the internet .
 What they DO NOT disclose , - is that this unit comes with a 3 inch cord IF that.After receiving and reading the instructions , you are told that this unit should be set up over 25 feet away from humans . Well , unless , you have an electrical socket 25 feet away-you are out of luck or already have an extension cord that you can use outside.We bought two of these , one for our residence and one for our business . Neither of which are working , whilst we await our new order and $ 15.00 per unit extension cords - Read
 This zapper only lasted about 3 months -LRB- worked great for 3 months -RRB- do n't waste your money on this product , because you 'll have to buy another zapper after it breaks down
 Whoever said mosquitos are n't attracted to light !? They swarm this thing and pop like popcorn ! It 's 99 % mosquitos , too . I 'm somebody who will stop to help a daddy longlegs out of the bathtub but when it comes to mosquitos , oh man , FRY ! I cleaned it yesterday evening and last night it rained . The inner bars are caked with mosquitos and I 'll have to clean it again today.I 've only had it a week so I ca n't talk about longevity or the cost of replacement bulbs . It is constructed of cheapo plastic , the inflexible kind like they use on toy models . I ca n't believe how thin and cheap are the doors that hold in the bulbs that have to be removed each time it 's cleaned.Some have written about cutting away bars to allow larger bugs in . I 'm probably going get some kind of mesh to wrap around it to keep the larger bugs out - it allows in large , colorful moths - I just want those mosquitos!edit - would have been good , stopped working after a couple weeks .
 This product worked for about 2 weeks . While it worked it did what it was supposed to . After two weeks it would not turn on at all . I emailed Flowtron customer support . After 1 week they finally replied . They stated that they believed the transformer was inop and asked if I could replace it myself . They said they would ship the part to me . I replied back saying that I could replace the part , gave them my address , and attached my receipt for purchasing the product . That was on October 5th , 20 days ago . I have not received any other response nor have I received the part . It 's 2010 wake up and get decent customer service . Another junk company .
 The box says it works for flies , but in our yard flies seem to complete ignore it . It kills moths -LRB- hmm , moths are attracted to light , who knew ? -RRB- But our issue is backyard flies -LRB- both tiny ones and middle-size -RRB- from god-knows-where and they seem to ignore this device , day or night .
 Based on all the reviews of this product I recently bought this bug zapper . Earlier I had bought Stinger from HomeDepot . That did not work at all . So I returned the Stinger and bought this one instead.But it has not helped the situation . We live in Central TX and there are lot of mosquitos -LRB- especially from green belt -RRB- . This zapper zaps a lot of stuff but not a whole lot of mosquitos . I am not impressed at all .
 I have used this for less than a month . A few things to consider if you buy this.a . It sure does attract bugs ... mostly moths . Not sure if it caught too many mosquitoes . They fly around it , but I do not see them going into it.b . The chemical strip on the bottom is not too secure , so I daily have to go out and check if it is still attached and has not fallen to the ground where my dogs can get ahold of it . I 'd be concerned with this . Their design is very poorly thought out.c . Tonight it zapped something for like 3 minutes straight and I went out to see what it caught . It was just another moth . As it was zapping it , you could see it sparking . I had to unplug it because it actually stared to catch fire . When I pulled it down , you can see the * multiple * burned marks on the several of the strands of wire on the cage . -LRB- Apparently it had sparked before and I was not around to notice it -RRB- THIS IS DANGEROUS ! I am so grateful I happened to be home and had the windows open so I could hear it going off and pull it before it caught the house on fire .
 This insect killer worked fine , that is , it attracted Mosquitos and killed them , bot only during the first evening of use . Apparently the electrical grid failed . As always , I was able to return it to amazon and received a full refund .
 Did not work . Returned it . Only worked at night and killed moths . Bought it to kill flies . Sorry , but it did look good .
 This flowtron bk insect killer , does n't work.I have small yard and still have mosquitos everywhere.Try something diferent , is waste your money.Flowtron BK-15D Electronic Insect Killer , 1/2 Acre Coverage
 I recently read most of the reviews on the Flowtron Bk-80D product . I was so excited to read how most of the 700 + folks were so happy with this product for killing outdoor flying bugs and mosquitos . Since I am a true mosquito magnet I thought this would be the answer to my prayers . We live in the Florida Keys and mosquitos are an issue all year round . I hate sitting out by our dock around 5p - 7p because the mosquitos are relentless . Short of lighting citronella candles , spraying ourselves with mosquito repellant , thought this would be perfect . Well I must say it has zapped just about every type of flying pest but it gets very , very few mosquitos . I have placed the zapper in different spots , left it on at different times , etc but guess what - the mosquitos did not get the memo that should be attracted to the blue light . Even with the mosquito attractant octenol , nothing much . So I am very disappointed and probably out $ 70 too . Plus my husband told me I was wasting my money but I argued with him and said , `` wow - look at all the great reviews this product got ! '' Well unfortunately I should have read between the lines and realized killing flying pesky bugs did not necessarily mean mosquitos . I would give it a 1 but gave it a 2 rating because it did attract flying bugs.Flowtron BK-80D 80-Watt Electronic Insect Killer , 1-1/2 Acre Coverage
 After having read several favorable reviews about the Flowtron BK-40D I made the purchase . Too late did I find additional reviews citing the fact that mosquitos are not attracted to UV light alone . Even with the -LRB- costly -RRB- mosquito `` attractant '' installed , the unit was ineffective in drawing mosquitos to their destruction.To it 's credit the Flowtron BK-40D is very successful in eliminating a variety of insects . Unfortunately mosquitos are not among them -- and that is the `` deal breaker '' for me .
 I 'm willing to admit that this may apply only to the one I received , but when the Flowtron arrived it was damaged -LRB- only one bulb lit up -RRB- . Following the instructions in the box , I called the manufacturer , who was very helpful , called me back right away , and send out a replacement bulb for the one that was defective . Even after replacing the bulb , however , the unit did n't `` zap '' -- suggesting that there was an additional problem with the transformer powering the electric coil . At this point I shipped it back to amazon , who refunded my purchase and shipping costs . The woman at the manufacturer was surprised that amazon shipped the product in its flimsy shelf box and without further packaging , which may explain why it was defective when it arrived . Would try another one , but I 'll find one locally in a store rather than having to deal with shipping back and forth if it 's defective again .
 ... then went belly up . I tried the bulb in an old zapper and it worked fine so the bulb circuit in the unit is dead . Now I 'm out $ 14.52 to ship -LRB- UPS -RRB- the darn thing cross country for repair . Hope they get it turned around quickly or I 'll have to give it a one . Guess I 'm disappointed after seeing all the good reviews . Wishing now that I bought it locally .
 This product has an electric cord about as long as my index finger , and the mosquito repellent stick on the bottom packs you are suppose to stick on the bottom of these zappers will not stay there . They keep falling off . There needs to be a compartment or a small latch of some kind to hold these in place . For that matter they want $ 35.00 for a few of these things . The zapper itself only cost $ 49.00 . Do n't bother with this . Buy some bug spray ! BK-40D Flowtron Electronic Bug Killer -- NO
 Waste of money on this thing . I purchased this with high hopes . After receiving it I imediately hung it up about 6-8 feet high as recommended beside my deck . I have left it on 24-7 for 4 straight days/nights and it has yet to kill one bug . I do n't know how you determine if it is defective or not . All I know is that is has been on -LRB- the light is on -RRB- continuesly for 4 days and not one bug killed . Very disapointed in this item .
 I read all the various reviews about similar priced products then purchased this one through Amazon . The unit worked great for about one week - it zapped everything in sight , large and small . Provided great entertainment for the kids , then it just died ! The light continued to work , attracting all the bugs , just did n't zap-em any more . Tried a `` stinger ' last year , that also only lasted about three weeks .
 I had this unit up less than one week and had to take down because it quit working.The grid would n't charge up and one of the bulbs was n't working.I have since sent back to the manufacturer for repairs at my expence.It has been gone a couple weeks now.If it does n't last any longer this time I want send it back because the shipping is so high .
 I 've had this unit for over a week and it has n't killed a single house fly yet - only little butterflies :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- I 'm definetely returning it .
 We bought this , ran it for a week , and saw no reduction at all in the mosquito population . Luckily Amazon gave us a refund !
 I purchased this unit based on the large number of people giving rave reviews . Sad to say , that I 've owned this unit for 31 days -LRB- how convenient -RRB- and now neither bulb will light up . The first stopped working two days ago , and now both bulbs are non-functional . Needless to say , I will not be purchasing anything from Flowtron in the future . What a scam .
 Mosquitoes are focusing on human body and have the tendency to stay away from the trap ... on the other hand we are catching all kind of insects . I feel that I am taking the dinner away from the bats and other predators.The company should create new look , new scent or new color to outsmart these most disturbing insects .
 Just received . The seller was fine and shipped promptly . The product has a ridiculous design . While the bug zapper seems to work fine , it only has an electrical cord that is 10 '' long . Plugging in another extension cord will make an unsightly effect on the patio pergola . Plan to buy a good and matching extension cord if you do n't want ugly !
 Buy purchasing the 15D model instead of the 30D or 40D models , I thought that I was getting a rather small zapper . It turns out that this 15D model is surprisingly very large . Too large to fit ontop of a drawer sitting by your bed . It is designed large for OUTDOOR use.Another very bad thing about this zapper is that the electric cord is only about 10 inches long !!! So it will be MANDATORY for you to have/purchase a seperate 12 foot extension cord .
 I bought 2 of these and put one at a place of business and the other at a lake house . They did not work at all . If bugs happened to come by it they were killed but it did not attract the way the description reads . I would never consider buying them again and feel I wasted a lot of money .
 This product is useless . killed 3 flying insect -LRB- yup i counted -RRB- on the first day and that was that.just returned mine for a refund.DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!
 After we put this up , it attracted about 1/2 dozen moths after 3 days . Our pretty little candles in the house worked better !
 I purchased this item a few weeks ago to mainly kill fly 's . It seemed that this was n't happening as there were fly 's still around and no evidence of fly 's being killed . At night there would be a lot of flying bugs getting zapped though the noise would make you jump every time . It scared my Labrador Retriever to the extent she would not go outside after dark . The final straw happened when a young squirrel laid dead underneath it with no marks on it at all , I could only figure that it had got zapped . I finally switched it off and hung-up some zip lock bags with water inside , now there are no fly 's and no interference with the ecology of our garden .
 i need a item which can be used inside . . but it does not write in the web ... oh my god . i want to change
 If you are buying this product to reduce mosquitoes or other biting bugs , you will be disappointed to learn that all UV bug zappers are completely useless for this purpose . -LSB- ... -RSB- In fact you are killing many ecologically friendly bugs that never bother human beings in the first place . Bug zappers are a gimmick for backyard entertainment only and are not a real tool for annoying insect reduction .
 I live in a heavily wooded suburban area in the suburbs of Philadelphia . In the summer , the mosquitos are so bad that you ca n't even sit outside during the day . My dog spends a lot of time in the backyard in the summer , and due to his health issues -LRB- and my own -RRB- , I did n't want to use any chemicals to try to help with the mosquito problem . Thus , I tried this device.Some important points ... it does n't have an On/Off button . As soon as you plug it in , it 's on . It does n't have a daylight sensor - it 's on all of the time . This was problematic as I had to plug it in at dusk and then unplug it in the morning.Also , it is recommended that you do not leave this out in heavy rainfall . Again , this forced me to take it down and put it in the garage if it was going to rain that day which was also inconvenient . I could have solved this issue by moving it to another location which was covered , but due to the other issues with the product , I never got around to it.At night , the light is VERY BRIGHT . As if someone had a porch light on ! The light is bright blue in color.Within a few minutes of turning it on , I heard some zaps . Yahoo , I thought ! Kill all of those mosquitos ! But , unfortunately , it only ever killed moths - I did n't see one single mosquito . Now , this could be because they were vaporized - not sure . But , in the two weeks that I had it running all night , every night , it made absolutely no difference in my mosquito population in my backyard . To be fair , they suggest that you use this for months and that next season , you should see a difference . Based on the issues noted above , I was n't willing to dedicate that effort and took it down . I should have returned it - not sure why I did n't . In summary , I was not happy with the performance of this product and have stopped using it .
 Very disappointing . I have seen no effect on the mosquito population since I have been using this lamp . They are still everywhere , and seem to entirely ignore the lamp . Perhaps one or two have flown into it by accident , but the lamp certainly does not attract or kill them in meaningful numbers . Do n't waste your money .
 Flowtron Model BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer -LRB- One Acre Coverage -RRB- There are 3 things one needs to look for in a bug zapper , not two . Bulb life is one.The Flowtron BK-40D I got from Amazon worked fine for about 5 months of continuous service . The starter and bulb both went out at that time . I had only owned it for 10 months and put into service in the spring . -LRB- bought 12/08 , put out 3/09 , bulb failed 8/09 . Flowtron customer service said the bulbs are not warranted . They have an expected continuous life of about 5 months , in my experience.Flowtron is only marginally better than the Stinger -LRB- Stinger bulbs are rated for 1200 hours , or 40-50 days . But Stinger will replace the unit if there is a grid failure.Both bulb replacements are $ 20-30 , almost the cost of a new unit.I have not found a good zapper yet , these days.I suppose both companies are making their profits on new bulbs , sorta like the old Polaroid cameras.I have junked both brands and am looking for a better one.TerryUPDATE -LRB- December 09 -RRB- ... Flowtron DID send a replacement Zapper , ... a couple of months after I returned the faulty product -LRB- bad bulb -RRB- at my expense -LRB- $ 13 -RRB- . We will see . No bugs now , so is turned off . . TerryUPDATE -LRB- May 2010 -RRB- . . My New Flowtron was put back out on March 15 , 2010 . It died today , May 17 , 2010 . Bulb went out . -LRB- you can tell by the black burnt area , like flourescent bulbs -RRB- . 2 months service on a $ 40 product is not acceptible usage for me.Bad product.Terry
 BUYER BEWARE
 That 's what I want to know . Does it zap bugs , well yes . However if you 're buying this to reduce the bug population in your yard , that it will NOT do . I gave it two stars because it did kill things , but mosquitoes were not one of them . It also caused our red ant problem to get worst as they were getting a free lunch with the dead bugs falling from the trap . All in all it mostly kill ladybugs , moths , gnats , and flying ants . In the 3 days I had it set-up it may have kill 3 mosquitoes -LRB- that I could identify -RRB- . That was with the scent lure attached . No flies or other biting bugs . Our backyard still belongs to them . It may help to know that I live in south Louisiana , and the humid conditions could have reduced this items ' effectiveness .
 After using this product for 6 months one of the light bulbs stopped working . I ordered a new light bulb but this did not solve the problem . I called and e-mailed customer service at Flowtron several times but I never got a response . Flowtron advertises a two year warranty , but they will not follow through on their warranty . Flowtron has poor product support and customer service .
 Shorted out in the first moderate rain shower . A waste of time and money .
 I never really got to enjoy this product , as it broke in less than a week . Before it broke , we found it difficult to install , mainly for the reasons noted in other reviews
 As long as it is working , the bugs zap constantly . However , I have had it a little over a year and have had to replace the bulbs , replace the starters -LRB- have to be shipped , under warranty , from the factory -RRB- , and now the wiring has failed and I have to ship it back -LRB- at my cost -RRB- for them to repair under warranty . Not the best deal for the price . The reviews for it were great , which is why I bought it . However , over time these units do not hold up .
 I purchased this product on the recommendation from a friend . I was under the impression that it would help control mosquitos . That has not been the case . I have been disappointed with the insect killer in the control of our mosquitos .
 TThis is an excellent product if you want to kill moths and other bigger bugs . however it usually the ones that bite that u want to kill such as mosquitoes and i noticed no effects on the little blood suckers . there is still just as many . its disappointing ...
 The item works as far as killing mosquitos . I live next to a stream and there was a significant reduction in bugs around my home . However after two weeks the zapper stopped working , and since it is Amazon , it is such a pain to return things so I just ate $ 70.00 . Skip it not worth the expense.Update
 Did a pretty good job while it worked , but almost exactly one year after putting it up , the unit failed .
 The Flowtron unit arrived broken and had to be sent to the manufacturer for repair . After two weeks , I received the repaired unit and placed it into service . So far it has zapped lots on light seeking bugs -LRB- i.e. , moths -RRB- but I have n't seen any noticeable decrease in the mosquito and gnat population . It has been operational for 10 days and has two Octenol strips attached to the bottom of it.At this point , I would n't recommend this device to anyone seeking relief from mosquitoes . However , if you enjoy the sights and sounds of bugs being zapped ... it would be highly recommended .
 I bought this a couple months ago because of the good reviews it had on Amazon . However I have n't had any luck with it . At night time I see moths and stuff swarming around it and occasionally getting fried , but I have n't noticed any mosquitoes getting zapped . I know they are out there though because I get bit after about 3 minutes outside without bug spray on . Maybe this product works for other localities of mosquitoes , but I live in Houston and it does n't attract the type of mosquitoes that we have here .
 After reading all of the great reviews this product received , I decided to purchase this unit . It hardly made a dent in our mosquito population . I removed all standing water and purchased the attractant along with it -LRB- if you do not use attractant it will not kill mosquitoes -RRB- . I have owned the unit for 6 or 8 weeks now and we still have tons of mosquitoes to put up with . If I had the option to do it over ... I would buy a different product.side note
 Maybe this works on some other kind of mosquito , but here in the DC area this had absolutely no effect at all !
 I live on a lake in Michigan and at night time we have a significant bug problem - not just mosquitoes , but lots of flying bugs . I went to the local big box stores and saw what they had to offer , and all of their products had poor reviews . I got this Flowtron and it has just been a killing machine.There are all sorts of bugs in there from mosquitos to moths to lady bugs , etc. . It seems to be very effective . I simply put it on a timer and run it every night.The only reason why this does n't get 5 stars is because it does actually clog . I do n't know if it is just the overwhelming number of bugs it is killing or what - but I had to clean it the first few nights as to not have any potential fire hazards.Just to show you how effective this thing is - here is how many bugs it killed in the first night . Remember a lot of these bugs are TINY but they add up ! -LSB- ... -RSB- UPDATE
 While it does kill mosquitos , it barely makes a dent in the mosquito population - I still get swarmed when I go outside . I following the directions exactly and tried different locations . The bottom line is the mosquitos are still so thick , it does n't matter that the Flowtron killed a lot .
 I read all of the reviews for the Flowtron insect killer and ordered one . It arrived last evening and I unpacked and set it up this afternoon . I was awarded with a nice looking blue glow which lasted 15 minutes until the bulb burned out . Rather that open the new bulb I ordered at the same time because they were going out of stock I am returning it to Amazon as well as the Flowtron . To bad I am having to `` eat '' six extra mesquito attractants at $ 35 dollars because they are to `` hazardous '' to return . Funny they were shipped to me by Amazon OK ... . Anyway . Buyers beware ... I never heard a single bug fry during the 15 minutes of operation by my Flowtron ... Tom T.
 I use Amazon 's reviews religiously to do research before buying anything and 80 % of the time it 's accurate . This time we bought this with lots of excited anticipation as we were getting eaten alive in Tokyo . It was great for less than a year . Then it broke down . I thought it was the bulb that was bad . We bought new bulbs . Did n't work . Then shortly thereafter the electric grid stopped working . We needed a starter part and wrote to customer service . They were at first very responsive , but after telling them we lived in Japan and wanted the part sent -LRB- as it was still under warranty -RRB- , radio silence . I kept emailing , even offering for them to mail to a US address and having our friends bring to us here in Japan , but nada . My husband -LRB- an engineer -RRB- opened up the light to try and fix himself and saw that it was cheaply and poorly constructed almost like an elementary school science project . Now we have a piece of junk hanging in the backyard . Cheap stuff for the price and terrible customer service . Do n't waste your money on this brand , get something else !!
 I just opened the Bug Zapper and one side was broken in the Box . It is completely non-functioning . I ordered it in July and waited until our mosquito time in August to open it and missed the return date by 3 days . I have no way to contact them with a complaint , so I simply have to take the loss . PLEASE if you order this frail , shoddy item check the contents immediately !!!!
 This trap is very annoying . Unless you like the sound of sizzling bugs or the smell of burning insects , I 'd try a different type of solution . I recently trashed my old-school zapper and bought a Nile 2000 mosquito trap that uses UV light , CO2 , and heat to attract mosquitoes and then silently suck them down into a catch basin with a small fan . The bugs just dry out and die in the basin since they ca n't get out . I had to empty my catch basin 3 times in the first week and caught thousands of mosquitoes . My Nile 2000 trap has made a huge difference in my yard and I can actually sit on my patio without the sound and smell of burning bugs .
 Fist of all , they could add about 4 more foot on the AC cord , Never see anyone only have a 1 1/2 cord.Looks very cheaply made . Only 2 little screws to hold all the weight of this unit . The hanging ring is not solid , Had to weld the ring together so it wo n't let go in a strong wind.Could of use a On/Off switch on it too .
 I spent the money on it and the holder , but the result is far away from what I expected . Maybe my mosquitos are too small to fly on the height of the lamp ? -RRB- -RRB- looks like they hide in the grass and bite my legs ! And also it is so-so effective only during night time , dusk - no use , I have to spray myself anyway -LRB- -LRB-
 I live in Florida and I think this Insect Killer must to have some kind of roof above it , because after just one week with regular rain it stops working . Also , while it was working , it only killed big flying bugs , not mosquitoes
 I live in Michigan and tried this product BK-15D for about week - outside and inside of house . I returned this one last night.This one lures and kills a lot of moss and other insects , but not mosquitos.Even with chemical attachment on the bottom , it does not lure mosquitos much.I tested this product on white outdoor table and actually pictures to count how many mosquitos vs other insect . The ratio is almost about 1:30 . Yes , I found one dead mosquito out of other 30 dead insect bodies.I do not recommend this product for those looking for to kill mosquitos.Do study and find the face that UV does not lure mosquito .
 Oh the joys of watching bugs large and small fly into their quick electric death.At first the family would gather around and watch the carnage . We would call over the neighbors and take pictures for Grandma and Poppi . However this joy was short lived . Within a couple of months of buying this killing machine it stopped working . I did not notice at first , it was not until my little girl came to me and said , `` Daddy the zapper is not zapping , I want to see it kill ... '' . After an initial investigation and noticing that we did not have the normal pile of the bugs we would normal have , and the familiar sound of ZAPPPCrack !! was missing we were devastated by the fact that the Flowtron BK-40DFlowtron BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer , 1 Acre Coveragewas a victim of Karma or just poor manufacturing quality.I can not recommend a product that does not last more than a couple of months - Do not buy this product find one that will work and give you years of bug killing excitement - to the people at Flowtron
 It only worked for a couple of hours -LRB- however seemed to work for mentioned short time -RRB- . Shipped it to the Caribbean ; warranty is something I can forget .
 The item came damaged ! the bottom hinged plastic attachment to the screw was broken.otherwise did n't seem to be too effective after 4 or 5 days .
 The product seems pretty solid but after daily use of 3 months the bulb burned out . Now it 's just hanging there collecting dust .
 I brought this product for my greenhouse -LRB- 25 feet -RRB- and the product does n't work . Stilled have flies flying around in the greenhouse .
 This little zapper zapped its way out as soon as I connected it ! Maybe some kind of malfunction ? Sorry , it did not work out for me . I do n't know how long I have to return it and get a new one ... I will check with the seller .
 Unlike the previous reviewer , we have not found the Flowtron to be helpful with our mosquito problem at all . Seems like it keeps some other kinds of bugs -- moths , flies , gnats -- at bay , but we are still getting bitten terribly even after using the device for a couple of weeks -LRB- with the mosquito `` bait '' -RRB- . We 're going to try changing locations , etc. , but so far it 's a real disappointment .
 Seen these bug zappers around and thought it was time to buy one to help zap mosquitos and bugs in back yard and patio area . Read reviews and even though there were considerable NEGATIVE reviews , decided I 'd take my chances on one anyway since the alternative to doing nothing but keeping mosquitos was not an option.Unit received in good coindition and put on patio on Friday night . Saturday morning there were a pile of dead bugs under the unit ; HOWEVER one of the two UV bulbs was out . I followed the instructions NOT TO SEND IT BACK , but to call the compnay first , so come Monday -LRB- they are closed on Sat/Sun -RRB- , I called the manufacturer.Call went to voice mail , hung up and tried an hour later . Call went to voice mail so left message . About 3 hours alter got call back asking me to open the unit up and check the two small glass tubes -LRB- they called them starters -RRB- and see if either one was black . They also asked me to allow a drop of water to drip on the grid -LRB- while plugged in -RRB- to see if the grids were still working.Monday nite I took the unit apart and followed their instructions . One of the glass tubes `` starter '' was black and unit did pop when hit with drop of water . The next morning I called and left another message for them to call me back . Waited till noon , no call . Called factory back and left ANOTHER message on their answering machine . About an hour later received call from lady at factory . Told her the past history and one of the small glass tubes -LRB- looks like an old style neon bulb -RRB- was blackThe factory lady asked where I bought the unit . Told her amazon , and she replied that before she would send the part I needed to FAX her a copy of the invoice from amazon , afterwhich she would mail me out the part -LRB- the postage probably costs them more than this pencil eraser sized bulb -RRB- . As I told the factory customer service lady , `` I didnt buy this device to be a factory repairman '' , `` I bought it to hang up and work '' . So much for FLOWTRON . They should know they have an issue with this part since all the negative reviews have the same story ; Doesnt Flowtron have a QC department ? Why dont they resolve this issue and sell a quality product ? What a same . -LRB- Hope their President reads these complaints and makes some changes -RRB- . So , bottom line , this one is going back to Amazon -LRB- sorry amazon , it 's not your fault , but , thank you for being the greatest store in the world -RRB- . .
 I was trying to find a cheaper way to kill mosquitos than using a CO2 device . I was reading about the science behind these types of insect killers -LRB- UV plus octonel -RRB- , and the articles I read said that they would work well to kill other insects , but not mosquitos . This has exactly been the case with mine . It will kill a lot of flying insects , but wo n't touch mosquitos . I 've tried suspending it right above water , put it at different heights and locations in the yard , and mosquitos wo n't go near it . I put a sheet under this thing to see what it will kill and it will kill plenty of flying critters , but not mosquitos . The problem is the other flying insects do n't bother me and some of them may actually kill mosquitos as well . Overall this product has been a complete failure with regard to the reason I bought it .
 i would like to believe all the good reviews about the bk40d , but it makes me wonder whether the mosquitos here in suriname , south america , are different from those in the states.i even ordered a second one along with replacement bulbs directly from the manufacturer , to try to protect my family from mosquitos on a patio of aprox 180 sq.metres . i am really disappointed because the manufacturer did not specify the climate zones , in which this device is to be used.yes , i need to say that there is an occasional , popping sound , so some mosquitos get attracted but i am absolutely still bitten a lot by mosquitosSo this device is absolutely useless for meThe two stars are for the way it is designed , it looks sturdy and above all safe for small children and pets . It is easy to install . it 's just a pity that is does n't work
 We purchased this item due to the great reviews , however we have had it less than one month and it no longer works.It worked great the first 3 weeks , then the light went white and it no longer takes care of the insects . Quite expensive for a yard light , which is all it is good for at this time .
 Worked great to keep the flies away but product life is next to none ! This is our second unit because the first one -LRB- same exact unit -RRB- stopped working -LRB- no lights -RRB- after less than 2 weeks of use . Now , after less than 30 days of use , the light is out again . I would return the product to request a refund or a replacement with a longer life product but my cleaner threw away the box without me knowing . Expensive amount for around 6 weeks of use ! Now I have to search for an alternative ; - -LRB-
 The wires are pretty far apart and it only seems to kill larger insects , not the mosquitoes I was hoping it would .
 After reading the glowing reviews on the Flowtron Insect Killer I was so sure it would work that I threw away the box and plugged it in . It worked for three days and died . When I say it worked , I mean it lit up and made a humming sound but it never killed even one insect , fly or bug . Never so disappointed .
 Plugged it in and it worked great for about 4 weeks . Then it died after about a month of use . Wo n't even turn on .
 This product simply does not work . It will attract mosquitoes to your yard , but they will then be drawn to your body instead of the bug zapper , and other bugs -LRB- which should not be killed -RRB- will be the ones you hear getting zapped . Do n't take my word for it , read the study reported Science Daily
 This device kills light attracted insects . MOSQUITOES ARE NOT ATTRACTED TO LIGHT . DEER FLIES ARE NOT ATTRACTED TO LIGHT.These devices have been shown to significantly reduce populations of beneficial pollinating insects . You can find a summary of the research inScience News Online , april 22 , 2000 . If you want something that works , try one of the CO2 emitting devices . That 's what biting flies are attracted to .
 We got our Flowtron about two years ago and its already dead.It was good while it lasted but compared to the 20 something year old bug zapper we had before it , a two year life span was extremely dissapointing .
 Very poorly constructed , arrived with broken bulb . Amazon Supervisor assistance was required for return . The second item was terrible as well . I rebuilt it myself and will not purchase another , manufacturer was unpleasant when I telephoned for assistance .
 I used this for three months in 2011 . Caught lots of bugs , but I felt no change in the number of biting mosquitos in my yard . After leaving it in storage over the winter , plugged it in this past month . Lights came on , but did n't catch a single bug . I checked the voltage on the grids and it was 0 . This is a poor product and the only reason it did n't get 1 star is because it caught lots of bugs that first year .
 We have a housefly problem in our backyard and were desperate to make our picnic table useful . Reading all the good reviews made me have hope . The problem is not that it does n't zap the flies . Its that the flies never go into it . I put some food to attract them , but they would rather just eat the food we had a few inches away on the table . I was under the impression that flies would be attracted to it . This is not the case .
 Stopped working the second time I plugged it in ... It 's got a short in the wiring somewhere . . Missed the return window by a week because I did n't get it hung up for 2 weeks after I got it . . 1st time I used it , it worked great , 2nd time I went to use it , it had stopped working ... Nothing is built to last anymore ... It 's junk ...
 It killed quite a lot of harmless bugs but not many biting mosquitoes . I was quite disappointed . Do some reading about the effectiveness of the technology and stay away .
 I live near properties with horses so there are lots of flies . To my disappointment , I found Flowtron BK-15D Electronic Insect Killer , 1/2-Acre only done half of the job . it killed small bugs but not flies . it zapped the flies and the flies fell down but stung only and eventually came back to life and flew away . This one went back to Amazon
 Plugged it in and iit does n't work?wish had just bought one from a retail store at least return would n't have been painful .
 Was skeptical about claims for effectiveness against mosquitos , but had high hopes for this product , based on choices of size/price and overwhelmingly positive Amazon user reviews . Unfortunately , we found it really did n't seem to do anything more/less than a traditional bug zapper , even with attractant - i.e. , just randomly zapped bugs who entered . It certainly did not have any measurable impact on our primary target - mosquitos , and this was in a small , 50x50 courtyard area . Also be aware that the light is bright , and clashes with other landscape/mood lighting - noise/light could be issue for close quarters neighbors . Quality/design/operation of product for price is fine ... just baffled how so many others users rave about eliminating mosquitos - must be a breed not native to NC ! Still looking for cost-effective and environmentally/kid-friendly mosquito control method , but in meantime , rely on using Cutter backyard bug spray on regular basis . That product works very well .
 Received this product with a bad starter . I ordered a new bulb at first but it still did not work . I had to order a new starter and that fixed the problem . Good product but not worth the hassle .
 I purchased this product under the assumption that it would zap normal house fly 's . Unfortunately , it did not . I wanted to zap the fly 's that hang around my patio when I BBQ . I placed it within 2 feet of the fly 's and the fly 's did not fly towards it or near it therefore , not being killed.I am sure it works great for misquitos but not fly 's .
 I was excited to receive the Flowtron since we 've had problems of moths and other insects getting into our home at night . Purchased a special cord to install the insect killer finally was ready to set it up . Plug it in an nothing it never came on . Tried direct plug in still nothing . Called the company they said to box it back up and to put a certain number on the box UPS would be picking it up . Which they did but I still do n't have my Flowtron back .
 i order 2 of these flowtron i have a 1 acre and they were great until 2 weeks later one of them lite up but the grid screen was not working . i thought by the look of this product it was better than the one i bought at walmart . if i had a chose again i wouldnt have bought this product because amazon wouldnt take it back it past the rreturn time and i have to deal with flowtron . thanks bought may 23 , 2011
 These work great to ATTRACT the insects . But the zappers fail quicklythey worked wonderful for about 1/2 hour , but then they clogged up and stopped zapping completely . I bought 2 and will be sending them both back .
 Saw the good reviews on this item and bought it , but in NW Montana it turned out to be quite ineffective . Very small radius - like about 10 ft. Very limited efficacy . Poor choice in this region .
 Bought this in June 2010 - uses only a few times . Of course it worked when we used it . Just hung it this year -LRB- April 2011 -RRB- - it was stored in original box for the winter indoors . Yesterday the top pf the unit detached from the zapper causing it to crash onto the patio . The flowtron company will not pay to return it . I am throwing it out and buying another brand . It was great for the couple of months in 2010 that it did work . My husband and I noticed that on either side of the top of the unit - where the screws are , that there was a crack on both sides ... hmmm , manufacture defect ? Yet they want ME to pay the return shipping ! Dont think so ! This is in no way a reflection on the seller from amazon - just the flowtron company itself .
 I live in FL and have a mosquito problem . I bought this after reading all the positive reviews for mosquito control . I knew better , all studies show this technology is not really effective for biting insects ... I tried over several nights leaving the units on for several hours around dusk . It killed a lot of insects , but only a handful of mosquitoes.Now I need to buy what I should have in the first place , a mosquito magnet or mosquito deleto .
 THIS IS A PIECE OF **** -LRB- FILL IN THE BLANKS -RRB- the product worked GREAT until a rain storm when the ` starter bulb ' -LRB- fuse -RRB- burned out !! now FLOWTRON will not HONOR their TWO YEAR `` Limited '' Warranty . the unit is just two months old . had to purchase a new starter bulb @ $ 2.32 plus $ 8.95 shipping . the unit is not wired together safely - they just use tape not wire nut or other approved electrical code or common sense to connect the electrical connections - just fiber glass reenforced tape , not electrical tape !!!! just repurchase their products & not to worry about their TWO YEAR WARRANTY !!!!!
 This should not be called an insect killer . Maybe its a mosquito-ONLY killer . I do n't know . I do n't have many mosquitoes . What I do have are flies . I hung this machine about 2 inches over a fly ridden trash ... I mean like around 50-100 flies and none of them got zapped . They would land on the outside and the rims , but I think the Flowtron made to much of a vibration and noise for them to want to land . I 'm not a fly . I do n't know why they wo n't land . This thing simply does not kill flies . A TOTAL AND UTTER WASTE OF MY HARD BORROWED MONEY .
 After testing inside to see if my new Flowtron worked , I hung it up outside later that night and plugged it in again . No problems , and the bugs started to get zapped . Great , problem solved I thought and unplugged it and went to bed . The next night I plugged it in again and nothing happened . I unplugged it and plugged it back in many times ... nothing . I checked the power source which was fine . I brought it back inside , and took the bulb out , put it back in and have tried it several different times again and it still wo n't work . So in total , it worked a total of 3 to 5 minutes before it broke .
 this thing does not work at all . I tried to return it , but the return day limit is 15 days not 30 days -LRB- i dont know why -RRB- ... did not notice that ... and right now , the whole head part is disconnected from the body of the light ... totally not worth buying ...
 We ordered this product with the hope that it would decrease the mosquitoes in our wooded yard . We read the instructions and plugged in the product . It only worked for an hour ! We are so disappointed !!
 We bought this because of good reviews and one bad one . Someone claimed the openings were not large enough to get big moths - for us that was a plus as we only wanted to zap mosquitoes . Well , it does kill small moths and maybe mosquitoes . I do n't see any mosquitoes stuck to the electrodes . Nor after about 4 weeks have we noticed a decline in our mosquito population . Area is not the issue as our back yard is far smaller than the area this device is advertised to cover . In fact , several of our neighbors should be mosquito free also - since they are never outside , they would n't know . Nor do we have a pond or standing water . Just a small garden beyond or mini deck . As much as we hate chemicals , we have the deet spray handy for sitting on the deck .
 We 've just received the Flowtron 40D and without taking it out of the box have decided that it will not work for us . Normally returns on Amazon are easy but this product is apparently considered `` hazardous and dangerous '' and therefore not returnable to Amazon . Buyer beware
 It did NOT appear to help with my fly situation at all . I took it to my son 's , and it did great with mosquitoes and moths in the evenings .
 I 've been using this product for about two weeks . -LRB- daytime & nights -RRB- It has not killed a bug yet !! I even placed a ground cover under the light to see if it was killing bugs , and I just was n't seeing any of their corpses . Nothing ! Not a one ... . I followed the instructions to the letter . Big waste of money ! My friend has the same unit , and his works just fine . But , he did n't get his from amazon ... . You do the math.P.S . It does provide nice outdoor lighting so you can see the bugs before they bite you
 Unit worked for 2 hours , then the bas clogged and works o nly fair . cleaning did not help as bug debris stuck to metal doesnt remove well.Maybe with daily washing with soap would make it useful , but why is that necessaery?Not again .
 I purchased this piece of junk about a year and a half ago . For a variety of reasons , I did not unpack it until about a week ago , 8/1/09 . I hooked it up and hoped it would attract the biting flies that are bothering my dogs . IT DID N'T ATTRACT ANYTHING . Not one tiny little gnat.I called the company and was told I could send it in and they would look at it , but first I would have to find the sales receipt . So , in addition to what this piece of junk cost me , I was now going to have to spend another whopping amount on postage to return it to them to have them tell me what ? It needed a new light , at an additional cost to me or there was nothing wrong with it.I am off to purchase those bags you fill with water which DO attract the flies and you toss them out . A lot cheaper . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I sent this insect killer to my Son in Iraq . It lasted 2 months . He thought the bulbs had burned out and replaced them . Now it does not work at all . $ 50.00 for item and $ 20.00 for shipping to Baghdad is a pretty expensive 2 months . Do not reccommend this product . There is a 2 year warrenty on product but when I clicked on return , it said this item can not be returned , so I guess I am out $ 70.00 . The worst part is my Son has no bug protection .
 I do n't know how the bug lights work , I ca n't receive mine . I ordered mine back in June and just keep getting put off by Amazon , They should n't sell items if they ca n't get them in a reasonable amount of time , six months is a little much . DISSAPPOINTED !!!!!
 I ordered my product in September 2004 and still have not received it as of January 29 , 2005 . I cancelled the order . I would rather go to a store and buy it than buy from this seller ! Do n't bother .
 Bug zappers kill many beneficial insects , but do not kill mosquitoes . They are not attracted to light . Insects are a necessary part of the food chain . They pollinate our food crops and wildflowers . An insect free world , as some of you seem to want , would mean no songbirds , also . How depressing that would be .
 i hate it . really hate it i got it all happy that i 'll get rid of flying anoying bugs but when i got it out of its box i found out that there was no cable just a plug . so in theary if you get this you are going to plug it directly into the sky ? very messed up . never used it becouse if it . was a waist of money unless i get an extention cord and well its sitting on the table for a month becouse i did n't expect the need for an extention cord when the plug is less then a foot away .
 This device is advertised as a killer of light attracted insects . MOSQUITOES ARE NOT ATTRACTED TO LIGHT . DEER FLIES ARE NOT ATTRACTED TO LIGHT.These devices have been shown to significantly reduce populations of beneficial pollinating insects . You can find a summary of the research inScience News Online , april 22 , 2000If you want to buy something that works , get one of the CO2 generating devices .
 What a waste of money . This type of device has been proven to kill the wrong bugs !! It does not attract mosquitos or black flies or gnats or no-see-ums . Only the bugs that eat them . Consumerreports has shown this evidence conclusively . Environmentally sensitive ????? Just identify the many fried beneficial insects vs. the nasty ones.Oh , they are good for indoors , of course , when you want to kill anything that flies .
 Hi , I 'm a mosquito and I live in a shaded area of central Alabama . For many days I have terrorized the neighbors ... well , technically my wife does the terrorizing ... but I still like to hang out and enjoy the carnage . My family has been in this area for many generations , so you can imagine my surprise when one of the local humans purchased a great big nightlight for his backyard . Boy , that thing sure was bright.Thankfully , I 'm one of the smarter insects -LRB- hey , even if most of us are dumb , we still make up 98 % of all animal life on this planet ! -RRB- . I sat back for a couple weeks and watched all of my moth and gnat friends hover around this light , only to be zapped into oblivion by some metallic grill that surrounds the light itself . I guess they 're not too bright ! Bright . Get it?A few days later the primary male human attached some nice-smelling device to the bottom , but I was n't going to be fooled . My gnat buddies all flocked to it , but I knew better . My family and I stood back and waited until just the right time to strike the humans , especially the little one who loved to play in the dirt . We bit him up nicely . Some of the time , he was n't even covered in that harsh body spray , so that was the right time to strike.We knew to ignore the light , and it was a good decision . And I just learned that the human tried to return the product to Amazon ... but they would n't allow it ! Apparently it 's considered a hazardous material . I guess the store named `` Amazon '' is in cahoots with my friends who live in the eponymous river region . Or at least I 'd like to think so .
 Poor product . It will kill insects after it is really dark outside but it 's totally ineffective in the daytime . I owned one -LRB- another brand -RRB- in the 70 's that was excellent . The difference in the two was that my other one had one black light and one flourescent light . It was a softer light that seemed to attract more bugs , both in the daytime and at night . This is definitely an item to buy in a store so you can easily return it . Even the bait did n't help . I live in a subdivision that sprays for mosquitoes so we do n't have many . The money would have been better spent on citronella candles . Makes a great night light though ! It lights up my entire den through the windows . No more stumbling through the dark to get to the kitchen !
 House flies like the ones currently plaguing Boise this summer are not attracted to this device one bit . While my porch was consistently being invaded by an army of a few dozen small black house flies , this device could not convince a single one of them to enter its electric cage of destruction . Perhaps the attractant in it is not suitable for house flies , but if that is so the product should clearly state that in its description . The UV light itself also does n't appear to do any good . I caught a couple of moths later at night , but those guys fly into anything remotely luminescent , so no points for that.For indoors , I had a similar experience withFly Web Fly Trap , which also did n't catch a single one of these flies . Summer is coming to an end , so nature will take care of the flies soon enough , but if you live in or around Boise and think either of these products can help you rid of the flies , think again .
 I know there are many people who 've posted excellent reviews of this product , and that 's what I based my decision to purchase on . However , I have a fairly small yard and no matter where I placed the bug zapper , we were still swarmed by mosquitoes . The zapper did seem to attract a lot of moths and beetles , but those were n't the bugs we were trying to get rid of . I would strongly not recommend this product .
 It seemed to be doing the job . Then after less than a year , it just quit working . I bought a new bulb to no avail . Now I 'm stuck with a new bulb and left-over mosquito attractant ! Bummer !
 This only worked for a day . The next day , the light did not come on when I plugged it in . I live in southeast USA where we have a lot of bugs so after reading all the great reviews , I decided to order one . When it did work , it did not kill a bunch of bugs like the reviews said . I saw a fly get zapped a few times and then escaped . I 'm so disappointed and still have bug problems.We called the number the included - they said to go back to Amazon and check their policies . My husband had to call twice since they did not return his phone call . This has been an absolute disappointment so far and we 'll never buy another one of this brand . In fact , I 'll go through a store next time .
 I purchased this device through Amazon on 8/10 . It was delivered sooner than expected , but only zapped bugs for a few hours before it went silent . The bulb was still lit , but nothing was happening . The yard was certainly still buggy . I contacted the company several times before reaching a live customer service person . When we finally spoke they authorized a UPS pickup the next day . Unfortunately , a new device was n't returned to us until yesterday -- over 3 weeks later . We 've used it for only one night and I 'm still not impressed by the rate of zapping . It does n't seem to be attracting bugs , even though we are using the provided attractant , just killing the ones that wonder in there . It 's been pretty dry here recently so there are definitely fewer bugs than in midsummer , but I still think it should be zapping more frequently.A couple of other cautions that you ca n't tell from the product description online
 If you intend to kill mosquitoes ... this is not the item you are looking for . Its great for killing pretty much any other flying bug , except mosquitoes which - in my case - is the reason why I bought it ... and yes , I did use the mosquito lure and nothing , not one was killed
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 The description would imply bracket is 6 '' with a 10 '' extension . Over all lengthof bracket is total 10 '' . Not really long enough to hang a large bug zapper or largeplant . Deceiving description , had to return and buy a longer bracket.I also bought the Flowtron 80 and had to go out and buy a longer bracket .
 When I received my bracket it was missing the welds on the top of the bracket . Amazon was great to deal with as far as the return process.However , for $ 17.00 I would expect an American made product , not one made in China . There is not much to the bracket . Check your local hardware store , you may be able to find something cheaper and better that will serve the same purpose.This item will serve the intended purpose if you purchase one . Make sure you inspect your bracket as soon as you receive it . Amazon allows 30 days to return it.To sum it up , this item is overpriced and not a high quality product .
 Would never buy from this company !! Lamp is unique among lava lamps but purchase it else where !! It came with missing parts and was used .
 They must have sent me the same lamp as the previous reviewer . It was clearly used . The bulb was burnt out . Returned it .
 I purchased the Flowtron BF-190 Replacement bulb on May 12 , 2012 . It must have been defective because it burned out after 1 month.The original bulb lasted for years . Anna S. Hurst
 I ordered this bulb because it was the recommended replacement for my bk-15d bug zapper . It 's the wrong bulb but that 's not the worst part . THE PACKAGE IS OPEN , WHO SALES A USED BULB ? That 's just crazy imo . Especially when I payed for a new one !
 For one thing this bulb does the job for not for a long period of time , it just does not last long and at the price that they cost , I am not happy with it . One more thing , I just noticed in the listing that this is a close out item ! What happens when they run out ? Throw away the entire unit ? Also , consider that for around $ 10 more one can buy a brand new unit and it comes with the bulb . I will try Home Depot or Lowes and see what happens as far as cost is concerned .
 I tried to find information before ordering these bulbs , I found it hard to find what I needed , but Amazon recommended this bulb as a replacement for my Flowtron BK-80D but it is about 3 inches too short it does work still but it can fall out there is nothing holding it in because it does not reach the bottom plastic bracket.This bulb must be for the smaller model . -LRB- NOT FOR THE 80 WATT -RRB- there was some confusion if the 80 watts was 40 watts times 2 , I still do n't know because the bulb is just as bright as the other one and only 3 '' shorter .
 I ordered this replacement bulb on March 22 , 2009 and today 's date is July 27 , 2009 and it burned out 2 days ago ! That 's only 4 months and at $ 21.99 for a replacement bulb it should last allot longer than that !! I , too , noticed that it 's a close out item and that no returns will be honored ... therefore I think I 'll go to my local Wal Mart and buy another brand bulb and if necessary spend a few dollars more and get another brand bug zapper ... one that I can trust !! I bought the Flowtron one only 1 year ago ... had to replace the bulb approximately 8 months later ... what a waste of money ! I gave it two stars because while it did work ... it did a good job . No better job than any other unit , however .
 As the previous reviews battery consumes even when connected to power and need battery replacement every 2 weeks -LRB- 9v pack -RRB- EXPENSIVE.Cannot use this device without a healthy battery ???? I thought they redesigned by 2011 but ... NO . look else where for similar product.I wasted money by choosing this product .
 We bought this for our master bedroom . Ours had a `` convenient '' testing function -- you could use your TV remote control to ensure the alarm was still operational . Unfortunately , it was pretty easy for us to set off the alarm by mistake using the remote ... not so pleasant during late night TV viewing ! I 'm not sure if the fault was the alarm 's or the remote 's , but certainly our combination was dreadful .
 I bought this detector new in June 2011 to replace aKidde KN-COEG-3 Nighthawk Plug-In Carbon Monoxide and Explosive Gas Alarm with Battery Backup -LRB- which I replaced because of false alarms -RRB- . It apparently worked just fine until two days ago when it started to alarm . We arrived home to the piercing sound of the beep and the display showed the detector was peaked out and GAS Evacuate also displayed . We aired the house out and I called both Xcel Energy and One Hour Heating & A/C to get things checked out . -LRB- Airing the house out stopped the alarm by the way and we are in the middle of a cold North Dakota winter . -RRB- Both the Xcel and One Hour guy agreed there was no gas leak inside or outside of the house . The One Hour guy checked over our 7 year old furnace and said everything is just fine with that . Yet ... here I am , up at 4:00 AM to another alarm!Are we in danger ? Is the gas detector a POS ? I guess time will tell for sure . I ca n't trust this detector the way it is . I emailed my son to tell him about this and to sue the -LRB- expletives -RRB- if we end up asphyxiated!This all started since I changed the 9 volt battery about 4 days ago due to a low battery beep . The battery indicator shows the battery is getting low already -LRB- blinking battery icon with 2/3 black -RRB- even though it tests just fine under load with my battery tester . I took the battery out for a half hour and it starts beeping a gas alarm again when I put it back in.I have read several other reviews where it has been mentioned about the so-called false alarms coinciding with a low battery . I would n't think a two thirds battery strength should be considered `` low '' . So , here I sit in the middle of the night not sleeping and wondering if I dare go to sleep ...
 I bought this for extra piece of mind for my family . I put it up just as the instructions requested and it never went off . Then winter came and some people visiting thought they could smell gas . We had someone inspect our furnace and thought there may be a leak . After investigation and removal of the furance there was a leak . Surprised that the alarm never went off I went to test it . I even placed it behind the exhaust of my car and it never went off . I will not put my faith in a First Alert product again .
 Sure , it may detect harmful deadly gas and alert you to dangerous conditions , but it 's a plug it and should n't suck the juice out of a 9volt battery in 3-4 weeks at the most !!!!! I wish I 'd never bought this piece of crap or at least I should have returned it in the allotted amount of time and got my money back . I should have read the other reviews too before buying it . PLUG-INS should drain a battery this quickly . IT SUCKS !!! LITERALLY !!!!
 In order to mount the detector right side up , hanging from the plug , you need to snap out the 120V AC adapter , rotate it 90 degrees , and replace it.However , when you attempt to do this it does n't fit back in because they neglected to design in a channel for the power wire.Also one of two units came defective . The battery indicator indicated a partially discharged battery although I verified that the included battery was fresh -LRB- with a battery Tester -RRB- .
 NOT a very good product ! I guess it works ? Problem is the 9 volt battery that this thing takes does n't last long at all ! 9 volt batterys are not cheap $ $ . The battery is used as a backup in case your 110 volt goes out . But I think it is set up backwards . It uses the 9 volt battery all the time !!
 Open up the gas and try holding the product directly above it . It will not go off . It takes a long time before it beeps . Last week , there was a gas leak and I could smell it outside the kitchen and this one did not beep . This product is worthless .
 I spent $ 50 to buy this piece of Junk , I had to replace the 9v battery every 2 weeks , and finally I unplugged and threw it away .
 I bought this because we bought a 50 + year old house that has had lots of upgrades over the years and I was n't sure that I trusted everything was hooked up and vented correctly . I had hoped this would put my mind at ease but it gives constant false alarms about explosive gas and , sometimes , carbon monoxide . These false alarms made me worry so I bought a special , hand-held gas sensor to check every gas connection I could find and all fittings check out just fine . Do n't know what to think at this point but I ca n't trust this sensor . This was a waste of $ 70 . In the future I 'm going with separate gas , carbon monoxide and smoke detectors .
 I have the Night hawk carbon monoxide and combustible gas detector which is very sensitive to any fumes even any room spray will make it go off ... but this first alert carbon monoxide and gas detector is garbage ... it has not gone off like the kiddie night hawk when I tested both of them by spraying Lysol room deodorizer . . and on top of that it will suck your back up battery even though it plugged in the ac wall outlet ... first alert company is a waste of money ... buy kiddie . Brand instead . .
 Bought it ahead of time as a gift , but upon finally giving it , it does n't work . Testing it with a Bic Lighter or a propane stove , it does n't go off . I even had my Propane supplier test it ; nothing . I bought two others -LRB- different brand -RRB- and they both went off when tested with a Bic Lighter.If you do end up with one of these , or any brand for that matter , I strongly recommend you test it before your life and the life of your love ones depends on it .
 I had a gas leak in my dryer inlet valve for months . Kept smelling gas . Had the detector right there so thought it must be dirty clothes or something . Finally it got really bad so called the repair guy . He found multiple small leaks in the natural line and valve . We could n't explain why the detector did n't go off so tested it by turning the gas on full blast into the room to check it . I was extremely angered that it did n't alarm . So much for the safety of my family . I tossed it in the trash !
 I have purchased this item twice , replacing the first because I thought it was defective . On both occasions , I would get the short low battery chirp a few weeks after purchase.I called customer service and the gentleman informed me that I should use Eveready batteries exclusively ! He made this sound like it was perfectly normal ?! Unacceptable ! Ca n't use Duracell ? Forget about trying to use a rechargable battery to save money.I 've sent the second unit back to Amazon . Nuff said .
 This is the worst $ 50 I 've ever spent . I HATE this alarm . Although it 's plugged into the wall , you also _ have _ to install a 9 volt battery . Most devices that have a battery back up do n't drain the battery while the unit is plugged in . Not this alarm ! I probably go through 3-4 9 volt batteries each winter . And if the battery starts to lose it 's charge , or you dare to leave the battery out , the alarm beeps every few minutes.Another important thing to note about this alarm ... although it can detect carbon monoxide and natural gas , you 're supposed to mount the device at different heights depending on the gas you 're trying to detect . In other words , it does n't really serve it 's dual purpose.Although I 've already lost the $ 50 , I 'll be buying a different alarm for this season . I ca n't take dealing with its battery problems anymore .
 I have received a lot of false alarms with this product . The first time the carbon monoxide alarm went off , I had the fire department out here within minutes thinking we had a big problem . They found nothing in the house . Since then , the alarm sounds about 4 times a week , all false alarms . I 've moved the placement of the monitor several times as per the instructions , but it still gives a lot of false alarms .
 Placed the product on the wall -LRB- they recommend placing higher for the Natural Gas detection -RRB- and randomly about once a day mid-evening the alarm goes off . Initially I got up to press the reset button , then realized that the alarm would go off for about 10 seconds and reset itself . Does n't seem like it 's really detecting anything ...
 -LSB- Pros -RSB- - It has a power extension cord which makes it more versatile . Most other gas detectors just take up a whole power outlet instead . -LSB- Cons -RSB- - As another reviewer has already pointed out , this gas detector will drain its battery even though it is plugged into an outlet . Once it drains its battery , it will start constantly beeping leading to a false alert and annoying your neighbors -LRB- if you live in a townhouse or apartment -RRB- at the same time . You will need a set of rechargeable 9V batteries ; at least 2 of them . This has happened too many times at pre-dawn hours . - Its front gray plastic plate is also really flimsy , and will most likely break off after frequent battery replacements . - As others have also pointed out , it 's not really dual purpose . Based on placement you can only use it for either detecting gas or carbon monoxide , but not both . - The extension cord is n't removable , so you ca n't hide most of the wire behind a wall , like an alarm system , which makes it hard to place . -LSB- Summary -RSB- It 's a badly designed product that is n't cheap.In its defense , there is n't really a good alternative . I 'm guessing that not many people with natural gas in their home really care about safety unless it was mandated by their state or city . If there was a market , I 'm sure gas alarms would be as great and useful as fire alarms .
 I purchased this product , ensured the battery backup was working , tested the alarm , then placed it directly on top of a gas stove , while gas was running with no flame for several minutes . There was alarm whatsoever regarding explosive gas.If it does not go off when virtually immersed in `` explosive gas '' , it is more dangerous to have this item than to have no detector at all , since it simply lulls you into a false since of security .
 I purchased two units from Home Depot before we build our house . By the time I finished the house 90 days later , I checked Home Depot for other items and did not see the First Alert GCO1CN . They said they do not sell it any more . After the unit ran down two 9V batteries in 5 months . THAT IS HORRIBLE . Do not Buy the Product .
 Buyer beware ... Stopped working in less than 6 months.Not cheap either . Would n't have given one star , but Amazon makes you to submit review .
 i have bought other grip-rite nails from amazon before but these came in the wrong tub . usually for the 22 degree nails they are in a long rectangular tub but these came in a square tub which i would think is for a 28 degree smaller clips . the nails are all bent to fit into the tub - and actually overflowing a couple clips were loose in the box when i got it . i actually like their little tubs b/c they do n't fall apart like the cardboard boxes but this is just in the wrong tub . the nails seem to be fine once i let them lay flat , but the tub is useless for these 22 degree nails .
 My daughter loves this lamp , but we can not find a replacement bulb for it .
 This lamp that we received as a gift for my son has FAKE UL Certification on it.After a report on CBC 's Marketplace about companys selling items with counterfeit safety stickers as these items have not been safety tested and may pose a safety/fire risk . One obvious sfaety risk with this lamp that would prevent it from getting a CSA approval is that there is nothing to attach the center piece to the base with the bulb , making it way to easy for a child to seperate the lamp and have access to the HOT bulb and burn themseves . That 's on top of having counterfeit UL certification stickers .
 It is rare to happen . But , the new bulb lasted about 15 seconds after it was installed . The packaged arrived ok and the bulb looked alright . So , I am wondering if somehow it had a fall on a warehouse floor or was not properly sealed at the factory .
 I received the two light bulbs that I ordered for my backyard bug light zapper . There was no padding in the envelope and both lamps were shattered . Would be better to use a stiff cardboard box . How do I get my money back .
 This Flowtron machine did not work for us . I do not profess to be an expert , but with West Nile in Illois like it is , I needed something that would give us the freedom to be outdoors . I could not get the thing going and then when it did I caught 6 bugs in a month and a half . I took it back to Costco and got my money back.I went out and bought the Mosquito Magnet -LRB- for 2 times the money -RRB- . What a difference . I had to empty the net every 3 weeks or so . It is still going ! It did not get rid of ALL the Mosquitos , but it did give us the backyard back .
 It would not trap the Asian Tiger Mosquito that inhabited by back yard in Texas
 I bought the machine and lures last summer from amazon . had to buy a second box of lures as the first did n't fit the machine . bad info on the item . The second lure would n't stick - the old tape does n't completely clean up and out for the next one . We caught tons of moths but hardly no mosquitos.This is n't a great machine but then it is n't 300.00 either .
 I purchased this by mistake and Amazon will not take it back . I meant to purchase the six count which costs only $ 5.66 each which is less than half the cost of this single count product . I ordered this one in error and Amazon wont let me return it even for an exchange .
 The mosquito cartridges worked so well in our Flowtron 80W that I decided to try the fly lure . $ 25.08 for ONE flimsy piece of ` stuff ' to attach to the outside of the Flowtron . Not only did I NOT see any dead flies after attaching this item , we had a 20 mile wind with a slight rain one night about a week after putting it on the unit , the next morning this $ 25.08 flimsy piece of ` stuff ' was broke in half and laying on the ground . Fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me . This item will never be purchased from this house again ! I hate being taken in with lousy material and design .
 With flys in overload and my traps catching tons , this lure attracted absolutely zero flys to my flowtron zapper . . Big disappointment
 Does n't attract any more flies than what the florescent light does . Do n't waste your money .
 Do n't let the size of the box fool you . Even though this item comes packaged in a good-sized box , this product is barely one inch by two inches . It 's just a small piece of plastic with some type of pheromone embedded in it . Although it does seem to attract flies for a few days , it does n't seem to last for very long at all . It 's just a tiny piece of flimsy plastic ! In my opinion , it 's just not worth it .
 I do n't know what the chemical they use in this is supposed to do . But it does n't attract flies . I have n't seen a dead fly in the capture tray since we got the unit . All kinds of dead other insects , but not flies . Maybe it helps pull in moths and the like , but it sure does n't help with flies . I would suggest avoiding it and save some money , unless you want to try it for yourself , which is what I did . Ah well , maybe they will improve the formula.Flowtron FA-5000 Fly Sex Lure
 WE HAVE NUMEROUS PESTY FLIES AROUND OUR BACK POARCH . BUYING THIS PRODUCT SEEMED LIKE THE ANSWER.WELL ATTACHING IT TO THE BUG ZAPPER DID NOTHING . MAYBE IT WAS OUT OF DATE , HOWEVER THERE IS NO EXP DATE ON IT . SO DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 ordered these because the price is cheap for a dozen pair , this is one pair of cheap 50 cent gloves that end up costing over 10 dollars after shipping , wow , learned a lessen on this one , DO N'T PAY OVER A BUCK FOR GLOVES LIKE THESE . update , , , , i see they got the price right now for 1 pr .
 The parts included with grass gator did not fit my trimmer . Notified the company but no compatible part was sent . The part in question was the nut with the proper thread .
 We ordered the replacement head hoping it would fit our weed eater , it did not.We had to return this product without using it .
 I used this attachment for half an hour and it fractured the flexible drive shaft in the string trimmer . The added weight of the attachment and the longer multiple strings caught the long grass and snapped the drive shaft . The drive shaft replacement for my machine is half the cost of a new machine . This attachment might work on some machines but the risk of damage to the driveshaft is not worth the risk . I am now without a string trimmer until I can buy a completely new machine .
 Waste of Money . Line wore out after one use and I did follow the manufacturers directions to strengthen the line
 Well this is a good idea for a cheap replacement head ... . BUT I guess out of the 99 % weed trimmers in the world , it doesnt fit mine ... A troy built super bronco -LRB- tb415cc -RRB- ... Very disappointed !!!
 The lamp function works fine . The `` pack-away '' part , however , is a problem . You can pull it up , but there is no good way to make it stay there . It seems to be held my friction only , so the upper portion wants to start sliding down , but not all the way down . To make it go all the way down you have to push really hard and worry that you 're doing damage to the bulbs . Would n't buy it again . Bought it for emergency back up light . I think I can prop it up and make it useable .
 I bought this item to solve the ever tangling plastic line problem . I had no problem with the design of the product nor fitting it onto my Weedeater model RTE113C . I like the idea but the first time I used this item it broke within the first 5 minutes and a part of it broke off and flew across my yard . If the housing was made of a tougher material possibly metal it would be great .
 Cheap piece of plastic S -- . Use it for about 30 minutes hit a tall weed and broke the plastic arm right off where the blades connect . Lost a pin first thing . When it did cut if was doing good . but needs to be made of something else , The one that said for my toro , did not fit my toro , but the flat head one did . I would not buy this untill they make it out of something else , save your 17.00 the price is to high to have to replace this thing ever time you use it ...
 I really am disappointed . It came missing pieces so it did not fit my weed eater . Very disappointed !
 I ca n't speak to the product itself , but it did advertise as being compatible with all Black & Decker electric Trimmers , and it was in fact not compatible with my Black & Decker 9-Inch 1.8-AMP Electric Grass Trimmer #ST 1000 . Pretty frustrating .
 This is one of those things that COULD work so well - if only it had been made/designed well.The big gripe is that the knobs on the sides of the black cylinder which hold the two white plastic blades get caught on roots , bricks , stones , etc. and break off in no time - almost literally !! My last one broke within less than one minute after starting to use it ! I had pushed it up against a gnarl blackberry root and whammmoh ! black plastic shards all over the place ! Luckily I was wearing tall leather boots and none of the kids were around ... The problem is that NOBODY else makes anything similar to this product -LRB- i.e. , heavier duty cutter that does n't lose little bits of plastic string all over the yard and can cut actual weeds as opposed to a few blade of grass here and there even when attached to a woefully underpowered electric trimmer - yeah , I 'm going green , I 'm going wimpy ... -RRB- at all anywhere . We 're stuck with this poor design . And I DO keep on buying replacements.If CMD/Gator wants to make a quality product they will make the circle + knobs design into one that is essentially an oval so that the blade attachment points do n't protrude so drastically.Lastly , if you can find a local hardware store that sells this product get it there - you 'll spend half of what you 'd spend on here when shipping and handling are tallied .
 Worked fine for a couple of uses and then the moter burned out on my trimmer . I think the trimmer was n't designed to power anything heavier than the plastic line that are in the spools . And these blades are definitely heavier than the line and required more power to run them .
 This trimmer head may well fit the single-line Black & Decker Grass Hog units but it does NOT fit the B & D 700/750 series dual-line Automatic Feed systems . There 's no way to fit the unit onto these dual-line systems that I can see , unfortunately.It would be nice if the company would put somewhere in their product description that it does n't fit the 700-series trimmers .
 Second time I used this item it broke and flew off across the yard - just lucky it did n't come back at me .
 I purchased this for a Black & Decker electric trimmer . My yard is small enough that I mow the grass with an electric mower and never have to change the outlet into which I have the mower connected , so there really is n't a lot of area that needs to be trimmed . After one use , the blades were worn down by at least 30 % . On the second use , one blade broke off , unbalancing the product and causing it to essentially explode . One blade flew to my left , while the main assembly and the other blade would have flown directly at me , had they not been deflected by the elevated patio under which I was using it.This is a great concept , but horrible , and potentially dangerous , design execution.Although it 's a pain , stick with the trimmer line .
 I got this for my Shindaiwa at work . I have some heavy brush to clear too , but that 's what the chain saw is for . I have lots of light cane and young roses coming up too , thought this would get the job done.Nope . If heavy .105 or .120 line wo n't cut it , this probably wo n't either . And that 's what you 're trying to do , find a step up from the heavy line , is n't it ? Set the mower deck high or find an actual blade to go on the end of your trimmer , because this thing is n't up to the challenge.If you do n't want to ever replace trimmer line again , this might be what you need , but do n't be lulled into thinking you 've got something that 's more capable than what you had .
 I 'll take your word that it fits 99 % of the brush cutters , but it DID N'T fit my Homelite .
 I bought the `` heavy duty '' grass gator for my cub cadet 4 cycle . . it worked well when new , but then the blades started wearing much faster than advertised , now the center section , which is made of plastic , has stripped , which makes the grass gator useless . Plastic seems OK on the outside parts , but should not have been used where 100 % of the torque is being released . I plan on trying to use what I can of the gator and make my own , TRUE heavy duty unit .
 MODIFIED REVIEW EXPLAINING RETROFIT . Do not buy if you have a Homelite trimmer as it will not fit unless you can weld ; the way to fit it to a homelite , is to go get a RH thread 5/16x1 .25 bolt -LRB- about the size of the LH thread bolt you get with the package -RRB- and a 3/8 nut which you run up the 5/16 bolt to its head and weld the heads together . Take the bump knob off the existing bail and add a couple of space washers -LRB- a couple of lock washers work very well , as they are thicker -RRB- to the shaft , and install the GrassGator using your newly welded bolt .
 Do n't make the mistake I did and not read the reviews , people . It 's basically an overpriced MAG lite . The regular light is nice and bright but the UV light barely works in full darkness . Definitely not worth the price !
 I have another black light , but this products has less light brightness than other.It wo n't show up scorpions when the distance is more than 6 feet , but other will show up.It is good idea with a regular weak flash light , but it would be better to have more power to the black light .
 Was real excited getting this light for checking for scorpions around the home . However it falls way short of what I expected . The black light is not very bright , compared to some cheaper ones on the market . I figured with the 3 C cells this would really show nicely , I was wrong and a friends cheaper one works a lot better and you can stand back further and see with it . I &#8217; d would not recommend this light based on our experience .
 This flashlight does not work for me . It does give off sufficient lumina . During the day , you can barely see use the UV light.Vincent
 I received this item on time and found out that the xenon light settings does not work.It is useless to deal with amazon when you buy items from other dealers.Be aware of the product description.You get what you pay for . PROBLEMS .
 This flashlight seems to be a regular light first then as an afterthought a UV light . I bought it thinking the 3 C cell batteries would give the UV lights distance and clarity , but all you get is a flashlight that is too heavy to use regularly . Sure , the single beam flashlight works great , is rugged , and it 's easy to switch between bright single light and UV 3 or 6 light but the UV light is weak compared to my other much smaller UV light . You can buy a UV light for $ 15 , and you can buy a flash light for $ 10 , no reason to spend $ 40 for a subpar UV light-flashlight .
 Follow up
 WHITE LIGHT OPERATION IS GREAT BUT IF YOU NEED THE UV MODE , IS WEAK AND NOT VERY GOOD AND OR BRIGHT , with the name as streamlight product , this is a piece of junk for the money . . not worth it .
 SO DISAPPOINTED . . I CANT WAIT TO SEND IT BACK ... . WAIST OF MONEY ... BUY ONE @ LOWES FOR 1/2 PRICE , WORKS MUCH BETTER ...
 For about $ 50 , not the best . Some of the reviews I looked at before buying this product were misleading . Better to buy the 41 LED Professional UV Inspection Flashlight 395-400nm Ultraviolet Spectrum for a lesser cost of about $ 15 and better brightness . I tracked scorpions better with that .
 Tested the UV -LRB- both -RRB- even in total darkness , and never could get any flourescent indication on various biologicals . About only thing I could see is hidden printing on some money . The natural light flashlight is just so so . Would not recommend this for serious UV use .
 This thing is a huge disappointment . While the attachment process went ok , everything was downhill from there.My trimmer would stall whenever I got this thing into some thick grass . Occurred multiple times in the first 10 min . of use.Then the first plastic tooth broke off . C'mon ... my string lasts longer along a chainlink fence !!!! This thing went into the trash and I 'll live with the string hassles.Buyer beware .
 The complaints about the Black and Decker Grass Hog was the hassle and frequency of replacing the string refill . So I bought Grass Gator thinking it would solve that problem . Installation of the Grass Gator -LRB- and the string refill for that matter -RRB- was easy . However , once on the Gator 's blades were much shorter than I anticipated . I have the B&D 14 '' trimmer and edger . Now with the product on , I have a ~ 7 '' trimmer . Powered on the Gator 's blades produce more noise as the blades are less aerodynamic than string . As for cutting through weeds , it does do a better job . However , my yard requires me to cut weeds along cement walkways and wooden fences . And this is where this product fails . After just using this product for a few hours , the blades were considerably worn . So bad that I must have moved the blades too close to the cement walkway that the product exploded . Yes , exploded ! One blade flew and the blade housing broke violently off . I was lucky to have avoided injury . I have since gone back to string replacement . The Grass Gator is only for users that wo n't go anywhere near hard objects .
 I purchased this at the same time I got a new Black & Decker line trimmer . I was very excited to get this attachement on & not have to worry about the hassles of line anymore ! I have your typical backyard with tall grass growing along the side of the house , fence & a block wall . Once I got the right product for my trimmer it was very easy to snap on . This product works great if all you are doing is trimming grass & weeds with nothing solid like rocks or walls that might be in the way . Unfortunatley as I was cutting through high grass I kept coming accross hidden rocks & everytime I hit one , either a blade would break off or the whole unit which is snapped on would come off . After this happened about 5 times I am beginning to wonder if I should n't just just the original line setup it came with or explore something else .
 The Grass Gator was supposed to end my nightmares with my string trimmer . Left Amazon and double checked this product would work for my specific trimmer . It stated it did . However , after getting my trimmer all set up for the install -LRB- taking of guard , old spool , etc -RRB- we found out it does NOT . So now I have a brand new Grass Gator , as well as both light and heavy duty blades and they 're useless to me . SO disappointed .
 Make sure you visit Grass Gator 's website to see if this unit fits your trimmer and even then be careful . It did not fit my Stihl FS46 -LRB- and the FS46 is not on the exception list -RRB- even with the FS45 adapter . I had to modify the adapter to make it work so if you are not handy make sure it fits the trimmer you have .
 The Grass Gator was supposed to be the solution to my `` always having to refill my line '' problem . As it turns out , the blades dulled pretty quickly . It could be that the Grass Gator is made just for hittin ' weeds in an open space . I was edging along my house and gardens . Anyhow , I 'm not ready to say it 's a bad product , but it certainly did n't do what I was hoping it would . I recommend you only buy it if you wo n't have it near anything that could dull the blades .
 I bought this because I was looking for a heavy duty option aside from buying an expensive brush blade for trimming suckers from the base of my hazelnut trees and the brushy areas alongside my fence and in my garden . It was one of those `` as seen on TV '' deals that had a lot of promises behind it.The price was right , and it promised easy installation . Turns out it was n't easy . I am fairly mechanically inclined , but had a lot of trouble with this one . It would n't fit the output shaft of my trimmer . I used a Jonsered Little Red 22 -LRB- it was an older one , but one of the best trimmers I 've ever owned , it 's since retired and gone to weed trimmer heaven after 15 + years of service -RRB- , which does have a funny diameter and thread shaft , but this should have fit it.The kit includes spacers and screws to fit the output shafts of a lot of trimmers , but for some reason none of them fit mine . I ended up getting it to work , but it never quite fit right and came loose a lot , which was a real pain to stop and tighten it down every 10 minutes or so.Functionality was decent , nowhere near a steel weed blade though . The head has three 3 inch long and about 1/2 inch wide plastic -LRB- or some kind of rigid but malleable polymer -RRB- blades with serrated cutting edges on each side . The blades swing out under centrifugal force when spinning , and fold up when at rest so they do n't get broken or damaged.Since it weighs about the same as a standard trimmer head , a 22 cc and up trimmer -LRB- gas only -RRB- has no trouble spinning it up to full speed with little drag on the engine . Cutting performance was good , better than the strings and I noticed it cut the thicker brush and small saplings that were about 1/4 inch in diameter , which the string could n't handle . I was impressed by how well it took care of the brush . However , I did notice that it bogged down the trimmer more than with the strings , probably due to the larger surface area and weight of the blades cutting more brush . It would probably work a lot better with a more powerful trimmer , like 25 cc 's and up.The blades did n't last a long as I had hoped , despite the advertising saying they last a long time . They did last longer than the string , but only if you were cutting just brush and not fences , rocks , or big sticks hiding in the tall grass . Those chewed up the plastic blades quickly , so it 's a good idea to buy lots of extra blades . The are more expensive than string , but the trade-off is in the cutting performance . On the plus side , they were easy to swap out.It 's a good concept and works like it should , but their claim of 99 % fitment is pretty optimistic . That , or I must be the 1 percenter . The blades are n't that durable either , which is why they are relatively cheap . Also be aware if you have an `` off '' brand trimmer -LRB- professional trimmers , Shindawa , Jonsered , Tanaka , etc. -RRB- . Be sure you 've got a minimum of 25 cc 's to work with -LRB- a 4-stroke would be ideal -RRB- . If you want good performance that will last a long time , spring for the brush cutter blades that you know will fit . They are more expensive , but worth it . If they get dull , sharpen them .
 I fitted the Heavy Duty Grass Gator to my line trimmer . Started cutting some grass and hit a small rock . One of the plastic blades , along with its pin , broke away . Fortunately these parts flung out and away from me -LRB- and did n't hit anyone else -RRB- ! In my opinion , this is a dangerous product ! Not recommended !
 I tried to fit this on a Homelite trimmer . The plastic fitting was just barely too small for the bolt on my trimmer . It looked like it should fit but I could n't press it on easily . I tried to tap it on and it broke immediately . After fooling with replacement heads , replacement blades , string cartridges , etc for far too long , I 'm giving up and buying a new trimmer . I doubt there 's a replacement head out there that 's worth the time and investment . If you 're spending time and money constantly fooling with the head on your trimmer -LRB- as I have been with both the Homelite and a Troybilt that is even worse -RRB- then you probably bought the wrong trimmer to begin with .
 I had one of these a few years ago and really liked it , It was tough and worked really well.I decided to get another one . The newer one is less tough , It seems to be made with a cheaper plastic -LRB- the main body -RRB- . I was trimming around some cement the bottom of the head rubbed against the cement a few times and it thinned it so much one of the pins and the blade fell off . rendering it unsafe to use . so i went and bought a Pivotrim , , Love it !
 Update -LRB- 2011-05-13 -RRB- : I have since purchased theCorona Clipper #GS 3770 Forg Grass Shearand would readily recommend it over this product . Same manufacturer , much better quality.Update -LRB- 2009-08-13 -RRB- : Since writing this review , I have had several additional issues with the clippers that cause me to no longer recommend this product . After using these shears just short of a month , the cutting ability of this product has dropped significantly . I believe this to be a result of a loosening of the pin the top blade pivots around . These clippers went from cutting very well to barely cutting at all . Now grass often passes right between the blades.Also , the bolt I mentioned previously -LRB- below -RRB- eventually came completely off of the clippers while I was using them so I had to buy another one.Original Review -LRB- 2009-07-22 -RRB- : I have been testing out these shears for three days for various tasks around my house . So far I have used the clippers for edging along the sidewalk , edging along a mulched area -LRB- in combination with a half moon edge tool -RRB- , trimming along the side of the house , pruning a small bush , and cutting down some weeds . The shears performed well for all of the grass cutting tasks , but when pruning my bush and trimming thicker weeds , the shears struggled -LRB- although they still cut -RRB- . This is n't what they are intended for , so I do n't hold it against them . The rotating blades make using the shears comfortable for both edging and trimming.Before getting these shears , I used two different versions Garden Plus grass shears from Lowe 's and the corona product is far superior . These shears reliably cut the full length of the blades which was a problem with the Garden Plus shears . Reliably cutting at the tip allows trimming hard to reach places using the tips of the blades . The corona shears are very solidly built from all metal parts and the blades are also very solid . The springing action used to open the blades works very well , although it increases fatigue when using the blades.One problem I had with these clippers
 The technical details say it is ... * Convenient storage for pliers , wrenches , screwdrivers , nut drivers , other tools and spare parts.The description says ... * Great for transporting contracts , quotations , work orders , plans , and schedules.You certainly would n't want to try to carry any type of tools -LRB- or anything else for that matter -RRB- along with your contracts , work orders , etc , since there is absolutly no storage other than the main compartment.It is very light weight , but the material seems like it is very strong . If you have car keys , an MP3 player , anything of that nature to carry around along with paperwork , this is n't going to work for you . I should have not assumed there would be storage pockets and just kept shoppping . My bad .
 Absolutely do not try to use this thing for heavy duty work -LRB- eg . do not use with a high torque drill -RRB- , do n't try to drill wide holes through thick stock , it is extremely unsafe due to the poor quality of materials -LRB- plastic and cheap pot-cast metal -RRB- . It can break while in use and send parts flying or break your wrists . Beware!Other than that , it is also too wobbly and imprecise for very fine work , such as making holes for bookcase shelves or other furniture work.If you are hoping you can just use this instead of buying a drill press - do n't . Save your money and buy a drill press instead , you will be much better off.It does , however , have its uses , for work that is neither heavy duty nor very precise , and ca n't be done on the drill press , such as the usual homeowner jobs like putting up curtains .
 I am disappointed with this device.Cross guide plays a little but most loose comes from chuck assembly which is not ball bearing but simple bushing . Due to its small length , the play of 1/16 '' in the bushing comes to 1/6 '' at the drill end.I expected better drill quality .
 I bought this to drill holes for the balusters in my deck rail . It worked great for about the first 10 holes then the poor materials used by WoodCraft came screaming through . Here are the issues :1 . Plastic black handle broke off2 . A LOT of slop in the drill bit mechanism means a LOT of imprecision in your holes . The entire reason I bought the thing .3 . The chuck must be made of pop metal as the teeth have broken off and I can no longer tighten the bit using the included chuck wrench .4 . Difficult to set correct angles .5 . The required technique for centering the bit on the board is n't robust . Combined with the loosey goosey nature of the tool , you 're mostly on your own for obtaining a center position with the bit.Essentially , it 's good as a bit stop and that 's about it .
 The first one I received had an off-center hole for the handle attachment and would not allow the handle to be screwed into the nut . This one was returned . The replacement arrived and I was able to attach the handle . However , the chuck key provided does appear to be the correct size - it is almost useless in trying to tighten the chuck . Also , the quality of construction is much lower than I expected and it requires a lot of tweaking simply to get the drill bit at 90 degrees to the base.My expectations were fairly low to begin with , but this product did not come close to what I anticipated .
 After eight 5/8 holes with hole saw in a 2X4 the item seized up causing drill kick back -LRB- bruising my arm -RRB- .
 Assemble it as directed and it still has too much `` slop '' in the fit of all the pieces . There 's no way to get a true 90 perpendicular hole . I tried drilling ~ 20 perpendicular holes in a 2x6 for a project for my daughter . After drilling the holes , it was very obvious they were n't perpendicular . Save your money and apply it to a floor standing or table-mount drill press .
 I have had this product for about 1 week , and in that time I have used it about 3 or 4 times . I was quite happy with it initially , as it seems quite solid in construction and does basically what you 'd expect it to do . I was going to get on Amazon and leave a positive review , but tonight I noticed that one of the small rubber feet on the bottom of the device has fallen off and been lost -LRB- swept up with wood shavings and thrown away , no doubt -RRB- . So now , the drill guide wobbles and does n't sit flat . I can probably fashion a replacement , but I should n't have to after only 1 week of very minimal usage . Seriously , this product is flimsy and has disappointed me . I did not have high expectations , but no product should fall apart in such a short time . Terrible .
 I purchased this product in order to drill 3/8 '' holes , 4 '' deep , to accept 3/8 '' dowels for joinery . When it arrived I quickly assembled it and connected it to my drill to see how it worked . It wobbled severely . I inspected it and could not find anything that I could adjust or do to fix it . It appears that it was assembled such that the shaft that connects to the drill is bent slightly , causing the whole thing to wobble . If I run my drill at a very low RPM I can see that the chuck appears to be rotating on it 's proper axis , but , the drill is off axis , causing it to wobble around in a circle . When run at normal speed the result is a wobbling vibrating mess that could never be used to make a decent hole . By the way , my drill was not causing the wobble - I connected my Milwaukee cordless drill to a 4 foot long metal shaft and ran it , noting that the far end had negligible wobble.It appears that the unit is constructed of decent quality materials . I can see that some design decisions were made to produce the unit at a lower cost , such as bushings instead of bearings and other cost saving shortcuts . All this is to say that I was not expecting an extremely precise machine , just a decent one to aid in boring straight holes into wood.I contacted Amazon and set up a free return and free next day replacement . Amazon could not have done their part any better or faster.The next day I unpacked and assembled the replacement unit and it wobbled also ! It had the exact same problem . After reading the reviews here again , I noted that this item is also sold by Sears under the Craftsman name . What the heck , I went down and purchased one there for about $ 5 more . I took it home , tried it out and it actually worked fine . Sure , it had had plenty of play as noted by others , but this one was finally usable for my purpose . Again , Amazon came through with a free return shipping and a refund.In order to stabilize and provide for easy clamping , I mounted the unit onto a 7 `` x 10 '' piece of scrap shelving , using the four holes provided in the base . I then cut a 2 '' hole in the center by attaching a hole saw and bit to the chuck and running it through the base . I have now used it to drill 16 of the 24 holes that I purchased the unit for in the first place . It did a pretty decent job of boring perpendicular and true holes . I used a brad point drill bit which helped in setting the position with some accuracy . I feel the results were much better than I would have achieved by drilling free-hand . Besides having some play , it still does have some very slight wobble . Too bad they could n't have constructed this better , but it does work.I am giving it two stars . The first two earned zero stars while the third one was probably a three to four star . Apparently Wolfcraft has very poor quality control , so ordering one is a bit of a crap shoot . Also , I noted that one of the returned wobbly units had a rounded out philips head screw that held the chuck in place - further evidence of a QC problem . I have no reason to think that Amazon 's units are any worse than Sears , maybe just a poor batch right now . I did note that Sears had an apparently resealed , returned unit on their shelf also .
 I purchased this guide to drill 3/4 inch dog holes in the 1 1/2 inch thick hardwood-top of my homemade workbench.Even with the guide base very securely clamped to the workbench top , the drilled holes were not vertical.Apparently there is movement within the guide frame which results in the hole being several degrees off.Instead of using this guide , I found that by bracing my arms while drilling the holes I got almost perfect vertical alignment . -LRB- My drill has a round bull 's - eye leveling bubble built into it ... -RRB- This drill did not serve my purpose so I returned the guide .
 I bought this to drill holes through posts to run cable railing . The shaft that holds the chuck and attaches to the drill is not true . There is a slight warp so the bit wobbles just enough so the bit does not drill easily . The product works but not as good as I expected . I should have sent it in for a replacement but I needed it right then .
 I bought this to drill multiple shallow holes in the vertical sides of an entertainment center to use shelf pins for maximum shelf adjustability . For drilling the same holes repeatedly and wanting them the same this is just not the best tool . As stated by others the springs are too stiff , especially for a large number of holes -LRB- 80 -RRB- which will wear your arms out . The instability of the base combined with the lean `` flex '' of the guide rods caused as you apply the extra pressure you have to because of the springs make the difference between drilling by hand and using this device basically undetectable . I would have to say , if you 're not that concerned , just drill by hand and if you want anywhere near precise , get a drill press of a better intermediate attachment .
 Kind of flimsy . Works OK with a light-cordless drill . Wobbles a lot I use one of the heavier ones , ending up with imprecise drilling . Gave up on it and hand-drilled the rest -LRB- slower but with the same level of precision ! -RRB- . So , if you want precise drilling go for a proper drill press .
 I bought this item two years ago to bring on our sailboat and thought that it would be a way to get precise small holes in soft material with a light drill . So as you can tell , my expectations were low . But after trying it extensively for 2 years , it has NEVER succeeded at doing a more precise job than by hand and often as caused damage or worse broken bit in the workpiece . All the parts are weak except for the springs that are stiffer than the locking mechanism . Useless , I gave it away to clear some space on my shell .
 Wolfcraft 4525404 Drill Guide Attachment for 1/4-Inch or 3/8-Inch ... The bearings flew out after 10 minutes of use . Amazon sent me a replacement which I have n't used yet . May be OK for very light occasional use .
 Ok , so they * are * called `` Mini Shears '' , but beware they are VERY small . They will literally fit in the palm of your hand , and are only about 4 inches long . Do n't purchase these if you have serious pruning to do .
 WATCH OUT ! ! You do NOT get pictured items.Manufacturer 's description says
 This product has a misleading photo . It shows gray in the photo , but down below it clearly states that it is orange .
 I purchased this today from a local store for $ 2.00 . Using it with the sprinkler head did n't work as the water runs down the outside of the spout and all over your shoes etc. . Next you need to be careful where you sit it as it the leaves a small pool of water . If a person is planning on using it without the sprinkler head it may be okay . I do n't think it 's worth the $ 2.00 I paid for it .
 I 'm an electrical engineering major , and I got this soldering iron to do some lab work with . I was rather disappointed with it . The tip got dirty real quick and using the sponge did n't help . It did n't transfer heat very well at all . I think maybe it should just be used for hobby stuff . Just my two cents
 Do n't get this . Its heat tranfers to the side of the iron rather than to the needle . I tried to ignore that it has bad reviews just to save money , but all I did was waste a few bucks on a worthless piece of junk.I almost feel bad for writing such a rude review ... but hey , you all have to know !
 This iron broke within 5 minutes of me using it . After that it was dead , if I plugged it in it does n't matter because it generates no heat . Save your $ $ , go elsewhere .
 We purchased two of these lights for paintings in our living room . When they were installed we could not believe how badly they lit the artworks . The only lit the top 1/6 of the paintings - actually mostly the wall immediately above the art , even when we trained them down as instructed . There were 5 small bulbs , in the size we bought , and rather then give an overall even lighting , they showed 5 separate spots of light . The light quality itself was unpleasant and it strained your eyes to look at the paintings . When we bought them the dealer said that they were non-returnable . Now we understand why . They must have had so many returns that they had to make that policy . Rather then give them away and inflict them on someone else , we threw them out in spite of the rather expensive price . We understood that The House of Troy has been in business for a long time and has a good reputation , so we were quite shocked .
 I bought one of these from EDM Wholesalers on ebay ... same product . i ca n't begin to describe how cheap it is . i had hoped that it would at least work , but did n't expect it to last long . Well , it only lasted about 2 minutes . The plastic case holds the rotor in place , so as soon as you put any pressure on it to start drilling the rotor melts the case and the thing falls apart.I would n't take another one of these if you paid me to do it -LRB- I think I now have lung cancer from the smoke of the melting case -RRB-
 do not buy this drill it is junk not worth your time this is the worst item I have ever bought from amazon they should stop selling it .
 This hammer drill is a joke . Concrete drilling will cause it to stall and the smoke of a burning motor fills the air . And it does n't `` hammer '' . If you ordered this thing ... save yourself time and either toss it in the trash or return it . I tossed it in the trash ... not worth the time to return ... and I wanted to forget about it as soon as possible . This is the first bad `` Made in China '' item that I 've purchased and is truly first-class junk . It 's proof `` you get what you pay for '' .
 This thing has the quality of something out of a grocery store gumball machine.It is cheap plastic . You open it up and you can see visible flashing at the parting lineright in the threads . So I expected it to leak out the threaded connection . I installedit , and I was wrong . It leaked out the stem !! Shame on Plumb Craft .
 I bought this thinking it was a metal valve.It is cheap , chrome plated plastic . Really lousy mold marks and flashing on the threads make it almost impossible to thread onto a shower arm . Once on , it restricts water flow to about 2.5 gpm in full on mode . It split after a week .
 Installed this valve ... leaked like there was no tomorrow . Ended up @ Home Depot ... bout one which was a heck of a lot cheaper and did not leak .
 Cheap plastic . Leaks through the valve and around the valve stem . I installed it , tested it , and then tossed it . Wo n't be buying their products again .
 Made of plastic and unfortunately will not fit a shower head or the pipe coming out of the wall.It 's inexpensive but will not work.Buy metal . I bought a stainless one from Amazon and it works fine .
 should have waited till I got my generator to order this plug supposed to be L14-30 not l5-30 plug my own fault
 This cable was recommended for this generator , but there is no outlet for it , and it does ` nt fit and ca n't be used.How can I return it now that we have had it for three weeks?Coleman cable 01912 25foot 10/3 Generator Power Cord with l5-30 plug and 3 outlets is not compatible with Duro Star 4400 -LRB- E -RRB- Generator .
 This item was bundled by Amazon with my 4400E generator and with a generator cover with ` one click purchase ' for all three . The generator is great however uses L14-30 connector and NOT the L5-30 that this cable supplies , so can not be used together . Also the generator cover is not recommended -LRB- see separate review -RRB- . However Amazon does carry a 40 foot cable with L14-30 connectors for only $ 99 .
 Although the cable has a 30 amp male plug , it is only rated for 15 amps . Rather misleading ... had I known this I would not have bought it . That said the cable is 10 guage and at 25 ' the rating seems a bit conservative .
 This cord is a high quality cord but the wrong choice for the generator it was purchased with . I bought the three item set of generator , cover and cord . The generator is good , the cover is cheap and lightweight , the cord does n't even plug into the generator because the cord cap configuration is not availiable on the generator . Wow , shop carefully . Ca n't even use this purchase without buying an adpater or replacing the cord cap . Ouch !
 I bought theChampion Power Equipment 46534 4,000 Watt 4-Cycle Gas Powered RV Ready Portable Generator With Wheel Kit -LRB- CARB Compliant -RRB- as a gift for my father . Told my brother to buy this cable to go with it since I noticed other people bought this cable who had also purchased this generator . The plug on this cable does not work with this generator . The cable 's plug is only slightly off , but it 's off enough that you will have to spend 22 dollars to buy the correct plug . Other than that the cable appeared to be heavy duty and of good quality .
 The end plug has 3 prongs , and the generator will accept only a 4 prong cord . Why does Amazon advertise this as an accessory ? I had to return the cord . Glad I did n't wait for a storm to try it .
 I 'd like to review this cable but to do it I would need the generator . Both were ordered August 28 2011 . Got the cable in about 10 days . Still have n't got the generator . Just today got a note from Amazon that the generator is not available to ship . Do I still want it ? , check here . I 'm really annoyed . I could have bought this somewhere else and had it by now . I do n't think my cancelling the order makes things even . I 've been waiting and continue to wait . It 's cost them nothing and me over a month plus I have this $ 75.00 cable sitting on my workbench.Not happy about this.I can not leave this note without saying that Amazon.com is the absolute best place to buy anything and everything . They backup their products like no other company . Their customer service is superior and I will continue to make them my primary source for pretty much everything I buy . This item , however , annoys me and the fact that I can cancel the generator after waiting more than a month does not make me feel better .
 Believe it or not , this product shipped with the fan motor installed backwards.Some of the mounting holes also were not drilled in the proper spots.Amazon however was kind to credit me for the product considering its inadequate qualityand subsequent substantially longer installation time
 Purchased to overseed my two acre hilly lot . Very solid construction and great tires ; 15 minute assembly . To my disapointment , the spreader did n't spread tall fescue grass seed even when on a maximum setting . The seed just gets stuck in the small holes feeding the spreader . I 'm expecting it to work fine with fertilizer .
 Not happly with the speader . No shut off when your on the mower if you stop fertilizer pours out the bottom so you have to jump off the mower and quickly trun it off and only holds enough for a 1/2 a acre at setting 7 for the same price you can buy a larger oneDonald , Marseilles , IL
 Very frustrating to order this AFTER I READ A REVIEW THAT SOMEONE GOT ONE SENT TO THEM WITH OUT ALL THE PARTS , and then receive one without all the parts . What the hell ? How can you be in business and not be able to send out a product with all the parts ? Now I have to ship the thing back and put up with the frustration of not having the spreader that I need . What a serious pain . This company needs to get their crap together ! I Guess it is my fault for not heeding the warning of someone else .
 When I opened the box I immediatley smelled a strong odor of weed and feed . The poly cover reeked of herbicide . Bolts were missing and so was the tow bar attachment . I returned the product and replaced it through one of Amazon 's competitors . No problems at all with the replacement .
 The product was cheap and I threw it out . I had to orderfrom another vendor and the quality was much better .
 Even with all of today 's technology , hydronic baseboard heaters are not cost effective . The ratio of heat output to the electricity consumed makes electrical baseboard heaters a desperate last choice resort . The initial unit cost and lower installation cost may seem favorable , but because the heat output is very low and the energy consumption is very high the overall cost of ownership is high . Complete a cost benefit analysis before resorting to this heating alternative .
 I ordered this item because it was pictured in the original plastic packaging - giving me at least some assurance that I was buying a new , never-used , battery . What I received from the seller were 2 batteries wrapped in cellophane and paper . None of the original packagaing or stickers were included . I 'm going to attempt to return them and/or contest the credit card charge . I do n't trust most independent online vendors as it is . I trust them even less when they ship something different than they sold to you .
 Looking at the picture is appears that you are getting a set of E torx 's when in actuality you are only getting one poor quality E torx .
 I 've been using these 3M filters -LRB- size 20x25x1 -RRB- for years , with the same ` Comfortmaker ' furnace , changing them once a month due to severe allergies that my family has . The last 2 filters were totally collapsed , to where I could not slide them out ! Makes me wonder for how long these had been sitting in my furnace collapsed/damaged like this ! It seems to me that 3M has significantly cheapened the quality and reinforcement ability of these filters . Shame on them ! I will be looking elsewhere .
 The bottom of the filters were all badly bent . I could not tell if it 's the packaging or it came this way . I know for sure it will not fit snug in my unit due to the bends
 I like the filters but however I thought I was getting a good deal on them until I saw my local grocer supply them for the same price . about two weeks after I purchased them I saw them on amazon for twenty dollars less . I wish I would have waited to buy the filters . I feel like I had been taken a little . I have all ways gotten great deals on amazon before so I never hesitated to buy when I see something I like but now I will investigate more before purchasing anything
 These do n't even last a month . I had purchased the 3M Filtrete 1500 MPR before and was very impressed . I was hoping these would be close to the other ones , but not even . I will have to save my penny 's next time and get the 3M Filtrete 1500 MPR .
 Ordered the filters a month ago ; never got them . When I called the store , they apologized and sent me a filter -LRB- one , not four -RRB- that was the wrong size . I called again and they said they would send the filters right away but did n't . I called again and they said I had to send the wrong filter back before they would send the original order . They sent me the RMA info but no attached shipping label . I 'd never get the filters from these guys and I 'll buy them somewhere else .
 I bought some of these since I have allergies , thinking I was doing a good thing . Got reprimanded by my AC repair guy for using these . He said never to use these type filters because they reduce air flow too much and cause the unit to ice over . He said go buy the cheap ones . Oh well . Good idea that did n't work .
 Convenient yes , and I hate going to the store for these things but when I compare the price of these 3M filters -LRB- the same ones -RRB- sold in 2 packs for $ 18 at the big box hardware stores which is $ 54 for 6 these seem very overpriced on amazon.com at $ 76 -LRB- today 's price -RRB- . Which is a shame , amazon normally has the best prices , but not in this case
 These specific 3M filters , though good at filtering micron-size particles , do too great of a job . Our fan 's motor had burnt out so we had to spend beaucoup bucks for an HVAC repairman to replace it . He told us that he has replaced other fans like ours in homes whose owners use the higher-MERV-rated filters . Apparently , the resistance is too great , causing the fan to wear prematurely . He recommended the cheaper style filters that allow the air to pass more easily . We followed his advice , and the fan sounds less stressed and we 've had no problems in past 4 yrs now .
 Filters this size are hard to find . When i saw a 6-pack , I was VERY happy to purchase - and the price was GREAT ! but only 1 filter was in the box . i wanted to return it but the shipping cost , etc. . . Plus i really needed the filter . I am VERY disappointed in the false advertising . : -LRB-
 Looking high and low for real brass handheld , thought I found it -LRB- Material
 This is a very ordinary handheld unit . Despite its appearance in pictures or in its wrapper , its construction is predominantly plastic , and it is not particularly solid either . When you grab the -LRB- plastic -RRB- flange to tilt the showerhead , you feel the flange bend before the head actually moves . The primary spray pattern feels no gentler and is no more dispersed than that of my $ 25 solid brass showerhead . This is not an especially luxurious or classy piece of hardware . -LRB- In all fairness , though , I would probably describe many similarly-priced models of competing brands in somewhat comparable terms . -RRB- The unit mounts to your shower arm at the base of the handheld unit -LRB- that is , where the hose attaches to the handheld unit -RRB- , meaning this unit relocates your showerhead position up by nearly a foot . One consequence of that is you might have to stand one to two feet further back and thus away from the water controls , which is not terribly convenient ; another ramification is if your towels hang on the opposite wall , they are somewhat more likely to get wet , depending on the angle you tilt the head.Ultimately , this unit looks nice enough on the drawing board and in its package , but it is faux luxury , pretentious yet cheapish and not extraordinarily convenient . If you want something from Kohler of this design and do n't care about the `` massage '' spray pattern -- which to me feels more like being whipped than getting a massage -- consider the Forte single-function showerhead instead of a handheld unit . It 's half the price , and might function better .
 I just received this today and it does n't fit on the Rubbermaid Fasttrack garage storage system . It actually appears to be for the Rubbermaid garage system 300x - the predecessor to Fasttrack . I suppose I can still affix it directly to the wall , but its rather disappointing . I did n't realize Rubbermaid had different , incompatible garage organization systems .
 We had the NYC Department of Environmental Protection come out to our apartment because we were highly concerned about the EMF 's in our kitchen , as indicated by the Trifield 100XE meter we just bought . Their professional equipment proved this meter to be entirely inaccurate , and more like a joke . We looked so amateur with our little meter and felt bad we brought the guys out based on a reading from a cheap device . Better safe than sorry , but it certainly would have abated our concerns from the start had the meter been accurate . We could have received a faulty meter , but there was no way of knowing until the professionals came to prove otherwise . We are sending it back , but evidently we will not get a full refund because it is outside 30 days .
 Purchased this item due to concerns with EMF fields at my home . Readings are extremely variable . Not accurate at all . This is the worst purchase I ever made from Amazon . Money wasted !!!!
 I ca n't speak for the EMF readings , but I used this device to test microwave oven leakage on two brand new microwave ovens and they both read .5 to 1 mW/cm2 , which is in the `` red '' zone of this meter . As a matter of fact , the microwave radiation meter only goes up to 1mW/cm2 , so anything at that level or above maxes out the device . This seems scary , especially if you read the back , which says that `` studies suggest '' levels above 0.1 mW/cm2 are harmful.So I looked it up on the web . There are a LOT of sources of information on this , but many are from paranoid/conspiracy-minded sources with dubious `` scientific '' research . I realize that no research study is perfect , but the most reliable source of information I can find comes from the FDA -LRB- ... -RRB- , which regulates the amount of microwave radiation leakage an oven may emit . The levels are currently set to 5mW/cm2 . On the FDA 's official website , it says `` Accidental exposure to high levels of microwave energy can alter or kill sperm , producing temporary sterility . But these types of injuries - burns , cataracts , temporary sterility - can only be caused by exposure to large amounts of microwave radiation , much more than the 5mW limit for microwave oven leakage . '' Since this meter only goes up to 1mW , it is n't possible to test excessive radiation leakage based on these standards.I believe this device is specifically marketed to scared individuals who choose not to trust the science endorsed by the FDA and , unfortunately , serves only to increase fear by making nebulous references to undocumented studies `` suggesting '' harmful radiation levels far below the minimum standard . To make matters worse , while the device may be accurate -LRB- I have no way of calibrating it -RRB- , it does n't even go up to the FDA acceptable level of 5mW/cm2 . So if I decided I wanted to ignore what the manufacturer considers harmful and instead measure to the government-accepted standard , I ca n't do it.The bottom line is , I have an oven that is leaking 1mW or more of radiation , according to this possibly inaccurate device . I will have to buy a different meter if I want to see if my oven is leaking an actually harmful level of 5mW or more . In my opinion , that makes this device pretty useless for microwave radiation detection.As a point of reference , other microwave radiation detectors sold go from 1mW to 10mW , but even these may be unreliable . Again , according the FDA `` A word of caution about the microwave testing devices being sold to consumers
 This field strength meter is good at detecting magnetic fields , not so good on microwave and radio.Needs very strong microwave/radio to show up . Example - cell phone booting up or initiating a call will move needle .
 This is just a very cheap version of a field strength meter for detecting Electromagnetic fields . That is what EMF stands for . I have had one of these for over 20 years and this meter is at the bottom end of the scale . I laugh when I see these ghostbusters using these meters to impress people . It is nothing more than a toy which is now overpriced and does not read nuke radiation.Here is how that works -LRB- in basic lay terms -RRB- : All electrical devices produce electromagnetic fields when they are powered on and pulling electrical current . The meter registers how strong the EM field is for such devices . The more current the device uses ... the higher it will register on the meter . Things like microwave ovens , toasters , high voltage power lines , TV tube type sets ... anything that pulls a lot of power will register high . This meter does NOT read radiation -LRB- which comes in many forms -RRB- . It will not read alpha , beta or gamma ionizing radiation such as from nuclear sources . It will not read RF -LRB- radio frequency ... such as microwaves -RRB- . What it is reading from your microwave oven is the Electromagnetic field produced by the electrical current and power transformer in your microwave . It reads the strength of electrical fields . Nothing else.The reason the meter will register at walls and various areas of the house , is because it is reading the Electrical wiring in the walls which has AC current flowing through them . These are not ghosts in the walls despite what these -LSB- ... -RSB- might have you believe . It is reading the fields from electrical power being pulled through that location.It is easy to test , just shut off the main AC breaker to your house . Shut all of your power off and then you can see how those so called `` Hot spots '' will disappear . The meter only registers electrical fields ... despite what these goofy people might have you believe.Some sections of electrical wiring in your walls will register higher because anytime the wiring is compressed , it will cause heating at that point . This is often caused by the AC wiring being compressed by the Staples used to fasten the AC wiring to the wood framing inside the walls . This heating from compression often causes destruction of the insulation on the wiring ... but it is not a ghost . You may also be reading a point where more than one electrical wire converge.This is not a statement as to the existence of ghosts ... but this is a statement about this meter and what it can and can not read . It may be exciting to see the meter fluctuate at a wall , but it is nothing more than electrical current you are reading in the wiring at that particular point in the wall . As I said , shut off all the power to the house with the main breaker and you will see how it will go away . However , keep in mind , if you are dealing with a crook who is trying to make you believe they have a magic way of detecting spirits with a cheap field strength meter ... they are also capable of using tricks to fool you by using little devices hidden in your home or in their pocket ... to set off the meter.You should also know that those polaroid films can be multiple exposed with various images . They can be exposed more than once . My father used to do multiple image exposures on those as a hobby . He could expose more than 4 separate images on a polaroid film . A unique feature of polaroid film . You can also expose images on `` sealed '' film still in a package . So if someone uses a polaroid and shows you some `` image '' on the photo which was n't there in the room , it is quite likely the image was preexposed by the person associated with the film and camera.Either way , just know that this meter only detects electrical fields . The more current the appliance pulls and the larger the power transformer , the higher it will register . This particular meter is the cheapest , bottom of the barrel meter you can buy ... but a great toy for lay people who have no familiarity with electrical fields .
 Its measurements are too high when compared to other professional instruments . There are two or three versions of this device that are available , you have to be aware which one provides the measured numbers versus providing the weighted levels which are usually two to four times higher in one of its versions.I hope you find this helpful .
 Received my Trifield 100XE EMF meter from Amazon . I was eager to try it out on some devices like some extraneous CFL bulbs and WiFi . What I found was that the sensor , which is the little metal panel where the needle spindle lies , needs to be pointed right at the test source . So as I 'm holding the device to get the best measurement reading directly at the source , I am unable to read the needle reading - either from the glare of the plastic cover , or because I ca n't fit my head between the source and the device to see the needle , without affecting the reading . Additionally , the scale gradient becomes so fine , the higher the reading , that it is very difficult to get an accurate reading of between say , 250 to 500 volt/meters . If this device had a needle lock/release mechanism and if the sensor had a wired sensor , or simply had the sensor on the rear of the device - then I could live with it , but no can do . I will be looking for a more accurate electronic EMF meter with a top-mounted sensor , that can also lock the readings .
 This device is selected when I searched for `` Geiger Counter `` but this is NOT a geiger counter nor is it related to one . Itwill not measure radioactivity . Period . It is kind ofmisleading that it appears by this search .
 Bought this to measure EMF around the the house . I was getting some pretty high readings with the house power shutoff . I called So . Cal . Edison who will come out for free and read EMF around your house . This device registered 2-5 times higher then the professional grade EMF device So Cal Edison was using . They showed me their recent calibration certificate since these devices need to be recalibrated to maintain their accuracy . So , I would n't take the readings on this device too seriously . It will tell you there is a EMF field but not the correct strength of the field . Is it 1 milligauss or 3Mg ? Ca n't tell .
 This meter is calibrated for 60Hz sine waves . -LRB- is not calibrated for 50Hz sine waves -RRB- This picture is wrong . -LRB- Please look at `` HAZARD THRESHOLDS '' -RRB- I hope to mend the picture by amazon .
 I was getting high readings in my house -LRB- 4mg -RRB- with the power off and high reading at the street . Near the water main in front of my house I was getting 150 miilligauss readings . My brother in law purchased the same meter and was getting -LRB- 2mg -RRB- in the house and also only 25 milligauss at the water main . Also when I am using the zero to 100 scale I sometimes get a reading of 6 , but on the 0 to 3 scale a reading of 3 in the same spot . The bottom line is that I did multiple tests with both meters and got completely different results . They do not work properly . Do n't make any rash decisions based on readings from this device .
 Oval is not what I wanted and was useless to me . I contacted 4 times by email , 2 by mail and 6 by telephone , but to not avail .
 seat fell apart just one month after installing this product . the seams came apart . not worth paying to return this item to the manufacturer . bought a different brand .
 The `` chrome '' started flaking off the hinges almost immediately , and the seat -LRB- the * wood * seat -RRB- snapped in half on one side after about three months . Seriously . Three months . The stupid thing does n't even get much actual use -- I live alone -LRB- except for a dog , who 's way too short and way too stupid to attempt toilet training with -RRB- , and it 's not like all my friends are great big linebackers and great big sumo wrestlers and we have great big parties at my apartment wherein we hang out in the freakin ' bathroom and take turns standing on the toilet . COME . ON.This is what I get for trying to upgrade all my bathroom fixtures , I guess . I wo n't be buying another one . In fact , I wo n't be buying anything made of wood with chrome hinges from this manufacturer again . I might not buy anything at / all / made of wood with chrome hinges ever again . Considering that this is perhaps the most technologically simple piece of equipment in a bathroom aside from a towel bar -- I mean , it 's two disks , two hinges and a couple of bolts -- they did a really incredibly amazing job of screwing this up .
 We have four bathrooms , three with another type of toilet seat . The Mayfair has broken 2 times in 2 years . We have the same opinion as the woman in Hollywood . Were the latest made with inferior composite wood , or another cheap substitute from China ????
 Toilet-seat bottom snapped in two on one side under the weight of a 160-pound person . As two other reviewers have had the same experience , I will never buy another Mayfair product .
 These seats look great because of the quality hinges . The caveat here is that the rod inside the hinge -LRB- the piece that holds the hinge together -RRB- is plastic . When you install this seat be sure to push it as far back as possible toward the toilet tank before tightening the bolts . If you do not do this and someone sits on the seat with the lid up and leans back , the plastic rod will break and you 're buying another seat . I could n't find a replacement hinge . It 's a damn shame that a company makes a quality product like this but skimps on the one piece that the customer can not see . Because of this I give the product one star . They could n't spend an extra penney and use a metal rod .
 The seat was put in a box that would hold a poster with no bubble wrapHas chips in it
 I purchased this toilet seat a little more than a year ago because I liked the shell design . However , the &#34; wood &#34; that it is constructed from is a type of particle board -LRB- pressed sawdust -RRB- . The seat cracked all the way across and is now useless . The toilet is not the only one in the house and it is sat on maybe two or three times a day .
 I own this toilet seat and after falling off the toilet because the hinges failed when trying to wipe , I would caution anyone to buy it . It is especially dangerous for the elderly . I wrenched my knee and back in three places trying to catch myself because it was completely unexpected . The hinges pop out of the base and unless you are a very tiny person , you risk that happening when your weight is shifted during wiping . I would recommend anyone looking for a toilet seat to shop for one with chrome hinges . Better yet , one with a bar in the back joining the two hinges together . It adds more stability and less chance of hinge slippage .
 I bought this as a replacement for an identical seat -LRB- same model number -RRB- . The seat is pretty , comfortable , and easy to clean ; . However , it has a new kind of fastener that is designed so that the seat is supposed to be easy to remove . They tout it as being easy to clean because you can simply pop the seat off to clean it . I have two problems with this . First , after the seat is installed , for me anyway , it is extremely difficult to remove . Second , it is difficult to tighten it adequately -LRB- because , on my toilet , the wingnut does not have room to turn and has to be forced -RRB- and consequently , the seat gets loose after a short time , but I can not access the screws to tighten it . I know I did n't explain that well , but the bottom line is , the seat would be great if I could get it to be tight and stay tight , but as is , I am looking to replace it soon .
 I work in Central Florida at a large resort . I have literally changed hundreds of toilet seats . I have always been a big fan of Bemis toilet seats . They are generally a high quality seat . That is why when I was personally in need of a new seat , I shopped nothing but Bemis seats.I purchased this seat through Amazon two weeks ago . It arrived last week . When I opened the box , I noticed that the screws that hold the hinges to the seat top had been stripped out on one side . I thought `` oh well , '' a little epoxy will fix that later . I installed the seat.Upon using the seat , I found that the easy clean method of attaching the seat , allowed the seat to swivel and allow the seat pins to come out of the hinges . -LRB- The seat is no longer attached . -RRB- Today , I went to Home Depot and purchased a new wood seat . This soft seat is now in my trash waiting for my local trash pick-up to dispose of it properly . I am very disappointed with the lack of quality control on Bemis 's part.They have lost a faithful buyer.And no , I did not contact Amazon or Bemis about this issue . It did not seem to be worth the cost of shipping the item back for a $ 20 's dollar seat . And I believe the easy clean seat is a design flaw , that allows the seat to swivel on the pins , thus releasing the seat.I am not saying , `` do not buy Bemis . '' I am saying just be cautious and shop other brands . The `` name brand '' no longer assures quality .
 When I first received and installed this toilet seat , I was very pleased . I 've purchased several Bemis seats and have always been satisfied . This one look like it might be even better -- the easy clean and change hinge is a nice feature.But within a month , one of the seams on the seat split and continues to split to the point now where I 'm thinking it will have to be replaced soon for cleanliness reasons . The tear-split seam is now approaching about 3 inches . Not good and the result -- very disappointed .
 16 March 2011A screw that attaches one of the hinges to the seat is stripped and now the hinge is coming detached after only a couple weeks.I will try to talk to the manufacturer and dealer and see if they can do anything .
 I had this product for at least eight years . I felt the foam was getting soft so I decided to replace it with a new one . The new one is softer than the one I replaced , a degraded product . I 'm not happy .
 Elongated toilet seats are hard to find so I thought I 'd hit gold when I found this seat in the right shape and color . Sadly , we used the seat less than one month and the seam around the seat ripped out . -LRB- I would have returned it immediately but we had just moved into a new home and I ordered the seat and we did n't install it until we moved in , by then it was too late to return the piece of junk.Note to self , when you order soemething , unpack it and inspect it , too bad we could n't tell from this insepction that it was cheaply made and would n't hold up to normal usage . $ 27 for a seat and now I 'm back to looking for another seat . Do n't buy this seat .
 I liked this seat right from the start . had a good feel to it . I was a little disapointed that it only lasted about 6 months before the vynl cracked . then the only thing to do with it was toss it.I guess iwas disapointed in the durability.my wife has one on her toilet
 I was hoping for the price that I would receive a very firm pad for the seat ... WRONG ... I would not recommend this toilet seat to anyone . 2 days after installing there is wiggle-room and I feel the cold comode on my semi-zoftig thighs ... Burrrr . I 'm going to search for a firmer padded seat to gently cradle my buttocks ...
 I took the time to write this revew to warn other potential buyers . This seat fell apart in every way it possibly could . The lid hinge crumbled in every place it could . The seat hinges fell apart on both sides and the vinyl split open around all of the seams . All within 3 weeks time . It was almost comical walking into the bathroom and taking the seat apart piece by piece to gain access to the bowl . Not that it was a great expense but certainly not worth what money it did cost .
 What you get is cheap . It will only last a couple month before it develops a tear and you have to replace it again .
 I bought this Bemis deluxe elongated toilet seat on April 21,2012 . At first , it was a nice seat and we liked the easy clean and change hinge . But , on July 17th , we noticed their was a crack in the seam which is increasing in length each day . I would think that this seat should have lasted longer than just shy of 3 months . If I had known that this seat was only going to last less than 3 months , I would NEVER have bought this seat .
 This product is very poor in quality . As soon as my husband sat on it , the edges got torn . I was thinking of returning it but it 's just a hassle . So I decided to use it until I find a qulity replacement .
 Purchased two of these seats after remodeling our home . The one in the guest bath is holding up fair . But the one we placed in the master bath has already -LRB- less than a year -RRB- started ripping around the seam . Tried to repair it but nothing for the glue to hold on to.Could not find these elongated padded seats with chrome hinges anywhere else . Paying out $ 35 a year for a toliet seat is absurd !!
 Seat is adequate but not great . Bottom of sean bends when sat upon , and seat hinges allow seat to move slightly from side to side no matter how tight the bolts are secured . For the price , it is a decent buy . It is not as solid a seat as I had hoped .
 I bought this for my parents on the strength of Bemis name , but when the seat arrived it had one inch tear starting from the bottom edge . It showed 1/4 '' hardboard frame and foam , around which the vinyl is wrapped . The hardboard 's edge looked sharp and not sanded round . This can easily cut into the vinyl . The vinyl also looked to be cheap material , which , overtime , will become brittle . I returned this for refund . I bought another kind from Kohler website at twice the price and I have n't got it yet , but I think the quality and the quality control will be more than worth the price .
 i was excited to find an elongated , padded , without plastic hinges , toilet seat ! the excitement was short-lived . i had the seat for about 2 weeks and the seat would wrinkle -LRB- like they all have -RRB- but the worst part was the tiny little split at the seam that started one day . within 3 days the split is now about 1/4 the way around the seat . very poor purchase .
 Horrible choice - seat lid came apart 2 months after purchasing ... NOT RECOMMENDED ! Had to go to target and buy a replacement today . Mayfair 113CP Soft Toilet Seat with Chrome Hinges , Elongated , White Vinyl
 I was excited to find this seat for my dad as the color , shape , hinges , padding and sturdiness were perfect for him . After only two months , the inner seam started to split -LRB- like others have reported on here -RRB- and now the padding is sticking out . Buyer beware ... if you 're in the market for a seat to last a few months , great ... . but otherwise , stay away and keep shopping . Would be the a great seat and would rate 5 stars if not for the faulty and week vinyl seams . Hope this helps someone .
 The only lasting parts of this toilet seat are the hinges and the wooden bases . ALL seams split in less than one month of use ! I have never had the lid of a toilet seat split like this one did , it split even before the seat .
 Seam split 12 days after it was installed ... NOT RECOMMENDED ! Mayfair 113CP Soft Toilet Seat with Chrome Hinges , Elongated , White Vinyl
 I wanted to surprise my wife with this padded seat . The problem is that the new seat is too thick and the seat and lid will not stay up when you want it to stay up . A real hassle . We tossed it after a week . Bummer .
 My hubby installed it and within TWO WEEKS the seam had already started to split . What a waste of money
 this seat is only 1-1/2 '' and lid is1-1 / 2 `` total 3 '' not 3.7 '' as ad says!why would anyone buy a toilet seat to sit on lid !! this was purchased for handicap that needs 3-1/2 '' added to 17 '' toilet for ease of sitting and rising !! there is not a soft seat that I can find that is below 5 '' !! Product looked good and 2day delivery was great !!
 THE SEAT LOOKED GREAT IN OUR HALF BATH ... IN FACT I PURCHASED A SECOND ONE ON 11/2 . BUT THIS PRODUCT LASTED LESS THAN 3 MONTHS . THE SEAT SNAPPED IN TWO . OBVIOUSLY THIS SHOULD LAST FOR MANY MONTHS . CA N'T SEE THAT AMAZON IS INTERESTED IN GETTING INVOLVED IN A REPLACEMENT .
 I was looking for an all plastic seat because the wood core ones tend to delaminate after a while . Well , these are all plastic , but they are made a of a plastic that is n't very stiff . So they flex when you sit on the seat . Also , unlike the wood core seats which you can sit on the closed seat , you can do that with these because the lid collapses and you feel like you are going to go thru the seat .
 This seemed like a good deal on a made in the USA tool . Until I received it . This is the impact driver only . No case . No bits . No drive socket . No bueno.I 'm returning this and need to order another to finish the project . Lame.Update
 Product was mis-shipped and little help to correct issue from supplier was received . Only impact base unit was received in a cardboard box and no red plastic box or screw driver attachments included as was advertised in product photo . Supplier was made aware but did nothing to correct so I am very unhappy with this supplier and will never buy something from them again . A Life lesson was learned about this supplier in this case .
 product is not as pictured . You only get the impact part of the driver . Useless unlett you have the other parts . I was looking for a full set , as pictured .
 I guess I should have read the other reviews , Guys a crooks shows a whole kit all you get is the driver , no tip holder , no bits , no case . -LRB- RIPP OFF !!!! -RRB- Guess i 'll go back to E-Bay they would have pulled this guy along time ago and would n't have let him continue ripping honest people off . DONT BUY FROM THIS SCAMMER !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lisle 29000 3/8 '' Hand Impact Tool
 You can see the photo consists of a blow molded case and accessories . That is not the case here . This is just the impact itself without accessories . Other wise a good product .
 I 'm usually pretty trusting when I see that Amazon.com is the seller . This habit failed me , however , as I neglected to read the reviews stating that the item was the driver only , with no 3/8 '' bit holder or case -LRB- as pictured -RRB- . As the other reviews state , this product will not be as you see pictured on the product page .
 First one had a split at the seam of the vinyl . The second one looked like it had a slice in the vinyl . Returned item .
 The padded toilet seat seemed fine at first , but the thin vinyl tore within a few months . The replacement I chose is not padded .
 I already own a Mayfair 13CP Designer and what I received was NOT the `` Designer '' Series in anyway . The package has a sticker that says 13CP on it , but anyone can put it on even if it is n't one , I guess.The package says SOFT Series , not Designer Series , as advertised . The seat is not as heavy as the Designer series ones that I 've purchased at Boscovs and the padding is only half of the REAL Designer series seat . I 'm very disappointed that they sold me a `` Designer series '' seat that was really a `` Soft series '' seat . The word `` Designer '' does n't appear anywhere on the package.It 's not as sturdy not as padded and I 'm not very happy !!! Does n't that amount to false advertising ? Beware Buyers !! If you 're looking for a Mayfair 13CP DESIGNER series toilet seat ... do not purchase this one , because it 's not .
 I recieved the mayfair white toilet seat . It was placed on toilet and sat on . It formed wrinkles in plasticcovering bottom and top . It was not well made as quoted . I would not purchase this name brand again.it was returned to business .
 Purchased this item a little over 1 year ago . Avg weight users at less than 200 lbs . It began to tear after 8 months and then the PLASTIC hinge broke last week . No refund .
 First , want to thank those on this review who have provided a few chuckles for me this morning . Well , I actually own two of these seats as they were put into our house by the contractor when it was built in 2004 . Do n't buy them . I already need to replace them as they will not clean well . They look okay -LRB- admittedly toilet seat decor does n't matter much to me -RRB- , but after less than three years of light use and weekly cleanings , they have look , well , crappy . Sorry , could n't resist that .
 For some reason there are mostly joke reviews for this particular toilet seat , but this is a real review . Like the other real review for this seat , ours was installed by the contractor who redid our bathroom two years ago . While the seat itself operates fine and is sturdy enough , the problem is this
 ... I read the California Prop 65 warning in the product description : `` This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm . `` I think my rear will steer clear , ya hear ?
 I bought this toilet seat while it was still available for $ 747 . After a few weeks of intense usage , I found some problems . I found my legs fell asleep after only one hour of continuous use . This made it very difficult to get up without assistance . Also , I found if you start to sweat too much , which most of us do , you end up sticking to the seat when you get up and then the seat slams down making a bunch a racket and leaves a red mark . And finally , the comfort level of this seat is questionable . If you are the slightest bit boney in that area , there is potential for bruises after an active session . Overall , not too bad though .
 I got 4 of these 1 year ago and the Hinges are not holding up . The fake chrome on them starting to peel off . I am happy with quality of the lids but the I got these for the nice looking hinges and now they are really looking poor . I had my previous ones for 10 years with not issue - replaced them finally with these and one year later - I may have to replace these again . Not too impressed !!
 It 'd be so nice if someone still made a quality product ... but toilet seats , like everything else , seem to be made to a price and appearance not actual functionality . i bought one of these in my local big box last year and was really happy about it because I hate those cheap-looking , grunge collecting plastic hinges . These looked quality and easy to keep clean . But they 're pot metal and the chrome is peeling off after a year.Someone please make a toilet seat that will last as long as the wood it 's made of and I will buy it , I do n't care if it costs $ 50 . Other than the fact that the materials the hinges are made of are garbage , it 's actually a nice , attractive , comfortable seat.Edit
 The hinge design is more contemporary than retro , in case you have a preference , however , the chrome started peeling after just 6 months . I too would pay more for a quality product .
 I ordered this product a few weeks ago and am still waiting for it to ship . I was asked to review a product they have not delivered on .
 seat would not stay connected to toilet bowl -- pulled apart -- plastic on hinge would not stay
 Made in Taiwan . I 've got no opinion on the quality except I was disappointed that Lisle outsourced a product previously made in the U.S.
 I had heard great things about Milwaukee , so I paid dearly for this one and was greatly disappointed . For the price , you will receive a motor that will pull a trailer but is too heavy to carry , and the adjustment mechanism is made of large , thick chunks of metal that wo n't break if you back over the thing , but the sloppy machining make this moot since the tool wo n't hold the settings . Forego the `` beef '' , save some money and buy a tool that is precision machined and inteligently engineered .
 The concept is great . I received the color chips and matched the color and confirmed with my interior designer.The problem is after two weeks I received the toilet seat . While I was pleased by the quality toilet seat - the color was not even close to the color chip . I ordered brown and got bright orange - YUK!I confirmed that the number on the box matched the color chip ... which it did . But what good is it , if they do n't follow their own color chips?I recommend first checking with the manufacturer to see if your toilet is labeled with a color code . If not ... I wish I would of just taken part of my toilet to the local Home Depot or plumbing store - so I could see what I was getting .
 Purchased the Color Matching Kit -LRB- 96 Colors - impressive -RRB- , picked the exact color by matching the sample chip color in the ` Color Matching Kit ' with the porcelain of my fixture in sunlight -LRB- two times of day -RRB- , incandescent light , and fluorescent light and confirmed the color was virtually exact - # 283 . It was spot on and also agreed with the history of the company that produced the fixture . After one picks the color , the part is than ordered as part of the purchase price.So the part arrived - on time I will say . Color was n't even close , it matched a very red pink -LRB- color # 023 -RRB- . I called the service company ` Color Direct ; ' most likely a distributor as Bemis ` makes ' the parts , subcontracting their work to Mexico , then ships parts out . The Customer Service person asked `` What is the number of the box it arrived in . '' I responded `` It is marked # 283 , but that was not what was in the box - it matches Color # 023 . '' `` Well , '' they responded , `` Too Bad . If it says 283 on the box , that 's what it is . '' No it 's not . I understand color ; I use an optical spectrometer in my work ; this is not that color . `` Sorry , it says 283 on the box . '' That was it.Don ' t waste your money . This part is worthless for restoring a retro pink bathroom . The company 's quality control in Mexico likely does n't exist - and they do n't seem to care . I recommend taking your own paint chip to a hardware store , look around ; you 'll obtain something that matches much better . In short , avoid this poorly managed company - you 'll be wasting your money .
 I have recently switched from the DeWalt Timberwolf to the Hole Hawg because my friends told me to . I have since hung it up and lost two teeth and fell off my ladder . I thought this thing had a safety clutch like the DeWalt . Also , I ca n't get any leverage with the short body of the Hole Hawg . I am going to lose the Hole Hawg and keep my remaining teeth .
 I have had nothing but trouble with these Milwaukee Hole hawgs I went through 6 of them in about 4 months and no the 6 is not a type o 4 of the 6 had the gear box go out of them and the other 2 burnt the motors up now you would think that would be fine because they would be under warranty right well Milwaukees warranty is not worth the paper it is written on , we had to pay for the repairs ourselves and 2 of the 6 drills did n't make through the first day after recieving them back . I will be buying a different drill from a different mfg. from now on and I would advise any one reading this to do the same .
 I received the box with the front plastic cover cracked , but with no damage on the amazon box . The tool looked used or had been scratched and marred during shipping . When I used the tool the first time there was a snap sound and it was broken.Complete garbage , considering it was twice as expensive as the Harbor fright version I purchased later in the day to replace it I expected better . The Harbor freight version worked perfectly .
 `` Tried '' to use it for the 1st time on 5/23/09 to remove 8 screws that hold the 4 brake rotors on a Honda Odyssey . 1st screw worked fine and the BIT BROKE ON THE 2ND ONE INSIDE THE HOLDER !!!!!!!!! NOT A VERY HIGH QUALITY TOOL .
 This tool probably has some value for those instances when the impact required to remove a stubborn screw is not so demanding . But , I found it totally useless to remove a screw securing my Audi TT brake rotor . Because this is basically a broad handled screwdriver , the unit can not be held solidly when striking the end . It automatically turns in your hand as it tries to loosen the screw . But , it is heavy . It 'll make a nice boat anchor .
 This laser is junk ! The laser is off over 2 inches in just the length of a normal room and replacement batteries cost more than the original laser . Save your money and pick another product.We let Amazon know ... and Amazon made things right . Thank you Amazon !
 This is a cheap laser level , the operative level being CHEAP . I could not get it to work and had to return it . The 4 included batteries are odd balls and would be hard to replace . The screw bits are not necessary as everyone has these on a separate tool . It is an innovative concept . I wish I could find one that :1 -- Runs on AAA cells2 -- Does not include screw bits3 -- One that actualy works .
 I just bought a 5700 Powershot . Out of the box it didnt work , nothing came out . Then it eventually jammed . It either shoots 1 in 20 staples or Jams . Tried filing down the slides as they are very rough . Still did n't fix it . Returning it tomorrow and geting a Rapid brand one . Liked the forward action , but it 's useless if it does n't work .
 I had bought 2 of these within 1 week they both broke , just stapling up insulation . I think this is junk ,
 ... right out of the out box , it did n't work . If it was n't jammed , it was n't shooting staples either . Maybe one in twenty shots actually produced a driven staple , but , more often than not , it simply jammed . Nice ergonomics , but seems to be poorly manufactured . Arrow or Bostich staplers may not have the kinder , gentler ergonomics , but they have been very reliable and are more serviceable .
 The stapler I bought consistently jams , it wo n't take a full `` clip '' of arrow staples like all the othe guns , I think that the jamming outweighs the easier action , also , there 's alot of plastic on the outside that 's sure to break if and when I drop it . I expect a tool to work when I reach for it , and consistent jamming far outweighs any benefit from easier handle squeezing . As a carpenter , I think this tool is inferior to the arrow t-50 hand stapler .
 The basic idea here is good
 I 've never encountered a staple gun that jams like this . The first time I used it , it jammed after about 20 staples . It jammed again after another 20 or so . The second time I used it , I got jams every 5 or 6 staples . That was about half an hour ago . It 's now in the trash , and I used a hammer and nails to finish the job . Definitely would not recommend .
 I purchased this sander from Amazon last month and finally used it last week . First off , the sander I received was not made by the Milwaukee company in the USA . I own five other Milwaukee tools , which are fine products that were made in the USA , and this one is not.This sander is not an orbital sander , so I do n't know why it was listed as such . I also discovered that it had been manufactured in Taiwan , and with cheaper , weaker materials.The arms holding the sandpaper in place bent completely out of shape on the third piece of sandpaper I inserted . BTW , I 'm 69 years old , and not an overly strong person.Instead of the stronger spring steel arms that are supposed to be on the tool , these arms are made of a cheaper , non-flexible steel that bends.I figure that the arms will snap off after about six to eight more sheets of sandpaper are inserted , making the sander useless .
 If you ever have used a staple gun before , use extreme caution with this one , for it is designed with the handle at an angle which is opposite all other staplers I have ever seen or used and your memory may get you in trouble . While using it yesterday , I grabbed for it without looking and applied a staple directly into the little finger of my left hand because , yes , I was holding it backwards . Hopefully no damage was done but my pinky on my left hand ended up purple around the joint that one end of the staple entered and almost twice as big as my pinky on my right hand . I 've always hated the design but never had an accident until yesterday . I was so upset I came here to write a review and found I am not the only one who has had this happen to them ! You need to be very conscious about what you are doing when you use this tool . Now I know to never let my kids or wife use it . If you are shopping for a staple gun , get something else .
 I have just driven a staple entirely through my thumb with this product and I am not happy about it . I 've used staple guns for many years , am a professional engineer , and have never had a significant injury from a stapler previously . This product is unsafe and should not be on the market . It stores the spring energy , effectively becoming a loaded gun , and then can release it without warning.The design of this product is fundamentally flawed . At first , it seemed like a great invention , very easy to use . Then it jammed . And jammed . And jammed again . Finally , it jammed and I could not get it to unjam . When I pulled on the stapler loading mechanism to clear the staples , the stapler fired without warning , driving both sides of the staple entirely through my thumb.Normal staplers do n't store up the driving energy and wait for a trigger , you have to be pushing on something for them to fire a staple . That is the flaw with this device . Once the stapler has been squeezed , IT IS A LOADED GUN . Worse than a loaded gun , there is no safety mechanism , and no warning when it goes off . I will be contacting consumer product safety organizations to work for a recall of this unsafe tool.Again , warning , THIS DEVICE IS UNSAFE .
 this tool is very dangerous . anyone who has used a stapler of a standard design should avoid buying this tool . just search the web for `` powershot stapler injury '' and you will find that many users have been inured when using the tool . the tool is the reverse of the standard handheld stapler design , so that the staples exit at what would be the rear of a standard stapler . no matter how many times you read the directions , and no matter how many times you remind yourself that this tool is backwards , this tool will eventually drive a staple into your hand . I pulled a staple out of my ring finger using needle nose pliers yesterday . it was hard to remove , as it was buried in the bone . Lots of blood everywhere . This stapler is designed well , and in fact is a better design than standard staplers . But i do n't want to die for it . Either you or a friend or relative will one day pick up this stapler and experience great pain . it is only a matter of time .
 This staple gun never worked correctly , jammed when it did , and eventually stopped working after only less than 12 uses . I would not recommend buying this unit .
 More staples are wasted than actually go into what you are stapling . Do not buy if you have high blood pressure , might cause a stroke with the amount of frustration it causes !
 I am not one who leaves reviews , however , in this case I made a exception . To anyone looking for a decent stapler just keep looking because this is not it . Like most on here I have had issues with day one from jamming . And then you pull it away , and the stapler goes off automatically , yea thats safe . The stapler is now at the point you need to squeeze the handle 10-15 times per staple . The only thing you will get from this stapler is a chance to brush up on your swearing .
 Yes , the product review makes sense . By reversing the traditional setup of a staple gun your weight is applied over the exit point giving more control . It makes total sense ! But there 's a problem
 If this site allowed a zero stars rating , I would have selected that ; the PowerShot 5700KB is a dangerous tool and it does n't work.First , it wo n't sink the staples flush . It requires a hammer to sink the staples.Second , the stapler jams frequently and when you pull the retainer out of the stapler , it will fire the jammed staple , every time . I put one into my hand the first time I cleared a jammed staple . Now I point it away from me . It also will shoot the jammed staple across a large room when it clears itself . It will eventually put someone 's eye out . Futher , it will jam every time if you put two staple packs in the stapler.This tool is a nice idea , but the execution is terrible . If I had n't lost my receipt I 'd take it back . My current plans are to destroy it so it ca n't hurt anyone else ; I would n't recommend this stapler to an enemy . If the manufacturer does n't recall this `` tool '' immediatly I predict the company will be slapped with a product liability suit that will put them out of business.That 's how I feel about it ...
 I just purchased this product and filled it with T50 10mm staples , as recommended on the packaging , in the manner described in the instructions . It is n't even jammed -- I can see all the little staples in a row waiting to be stapled -- but it wo n't work . Brand new , and it does n't do a damn thing . From the reviews here and elsewhere , I 'm definitely getting the impression that it 's not worth getting repaired/replaced . I 'm returning this thing tomorrow . I would n't recommend that anyone else buy one .
 I do n't need to add anything to the reviews below . It is awkward . It jams ALL THE TIME . Find something else .
 I agree with those who think this is a very dangerous product . The forward action requires much UNtraining . And staples do not go in flush -- ever . It does n't seem to matter how you poise the gun.And I also stapled my palm -- twice . While working , I operate by feel . The handle angle is just opposite the older duo-fast/arrow types.Obviously they 've had some problems , since there are bold arrows in two places , which attempt to warn of the staple exit .
 I agree with the users who find it easy to use . Pressure on the handle holds the tool firmly against the piece to be stapled . It 's more comfortable to hold and requires less pressure on the handle than my T50 . Neat idea but poorly executed . Actually it 's a piece of junk . Every time I use it , I threaten to throw it away , but then it goes back in the toolbox to aggravate me another day . Kind of a love-hate thing . The biggest nuisance for me ... it jams constantly . 6 or 8 staples , then it misfires . So now remove the slide , dump out the staples . That row of staples is now in a dozen pieces . Fish out the jammed staple -LRB- s -RRB- with pliers and repeat . What a pain ! And what do you do with all the little pieces of staples ? Ca n't use 'em , it 'll jam even sooner if it works at all . I throw away more than I use . Next big problem is the danger . No , I 'm not inclined to hold it backwards . That 's the reason I bought it , 'cause it 's made backwards . What scares me is that it fires without warning . For no apparent reason it misfires ... you can feel the handle slip . It wo n't work so you got ta dump the staples , right ? Be careful ! It 's cocked . It may fire at any time . Honest ! It usually happens when you remove the slide , so point it away from you . So there you go ... A neat idea for a handy tool if you can stand the aggravation and potential danger . A few minutes is enough for me . I dig out my trusty T50 and finish the job . It 's 30 + years old and still works like a champ . That 's the one to buy . It works every time , wo n't jam , AND you wo n't staple your hand -LRB- unless you 're an idiot -RRB- .
 I 've had this stapler for a year and its jams all the freakin time ... very annoying . I m now in the market for a better one . please dont buy this .
 this tool is very dangerous . anyone who has used a stapler of a standard design should avoid buying this tool . just search the web for `` powershot stapler injury '' and you will find that many users have been inured when using the tool . the tool is the reverse of the standard handheld stapler design , so that the staples exit at what would be the rear of a standard stapler . no matter how many times you read the directions , and no matter how many times you remind yourself that this tool is backwards , this tool will eventually drive a staple into your hand . I pulled a staple out of my ring finger using needle nose pliers yesterday . it was hard to remove , as it was buried in the bone . Lots of blood everywhere . This stapler is designed well , and in fact is a better design than standard staplers . But i do n't want to die for it . Either you or a friend or relative will one day pick up this stapler and experience great pain . it is only a matter of time .
 I strongly discourage anyone from purchasing one of these staplers.The first one I bought worked great for a week or so . Then , something broke inside and it had no resistance to the lever . I sent it in for warranty repair . I needed a stapler -LRB- I was putting Tyvek on my house -RRB- , so like a dummy , I went and bought another to use while the first one was in for repair.I was able to complete my task with the second stapler , but it got very frustrating because it would take two presses to get one staple out.The first stapler came back from repair and it worked well for a short while , now it takes a couple presses on the lever to get one staple.In summary , this tool is one of the most frustrating pieces of junk I have ever had to use . Especially when trying to staple vapor barrier above your head . You have to shoot it two or three times to get one staple . Then , after three or four , it jams solid , and you have to open the magazine , which causes the spring to release and staples fly out every where . Do n't buy one of these!Sorry I ca n't make a suggestion for an alternative . My dad has a Duo Fast stapler , and he claims he never has any trouble with it . I think I will try one of those .
 I have to say I am very disappointed with this product . The idea behind it is really fantastic , a forward action gun that is very ergonomically designed and easy to load and use . The fact that the gun fires in line with the weight of the user means that it takes much less hand pressure to fire , and is much less tiring to use particularly if you have a large amount of work to be done . It really is such a simple but effective concept , I 'm surprised that there are n't a lot more staplers built in this configuration.In fact if I were reviewing this product after only a few uses it would have easily gotten five stars . That however is the problem . It simply does not work well for very long at all . Jams , misfires , or broken springs are a constant hassle . After a few dozen staples it jammed every now and then . Then about one jam for every eight to ten fires , and so on , until it finally stopped firing all together . I have used PowerShot and Arrow brand staples , both of which are the recommended brands for this gun , with no difference in number of jams or misfires . I have not used brads in this gun , but feel fairly safe in concluding that they would n't have done much better.It really is too bad that this gun is such junk , it really is a great design . However , at the end of the day if a tool does n't work than no matter how good the idea behind it or ingenious the design , it is pretty much worthless .
 Hi , this morning I shot a staple flush into the palm of my hand , nice . This is a ver unsafe staple gun due to fact the staples come out the opposite end we are use to . I am not an amature at using hand tools -LRB- 32 -RRB- years old . This product should have a class action lawsuite id all these people im reading about are having problems like myself .
 This product is dangerous ! It does not deserve even a one star rating . Two days ago , I was using the PowerShot 5700 staple gun when it jammed on the first staple attempt . As soon as I moved the staple gun to what I thought was a safer position to unjam the gun , it released the staple without warning and without my hand action . It shot the staple completely through the center of my ring finger . It had enough force to send the staple through the bone and out the other side . I spent the afternoon in the emergency room , while the emergency room doctors attempted to safely remove the staple from the bone.This staple gun jams excessively , releases under power without provocation , and provides a level of danger that is not on a level with a consumer product 's expectations . I am a degreed mechanical engineer with a great deal of experience in using tools for automotive restoration . I consider myself knowledgeable and careful in the use of tools . I have never had an injury similar to this in over 35 years of working with tools.I would be interested in having anyone with a similar experience contact me directly.Gary Lownsdale -LRB- real name -RRB-
 I 've never given a 1-star review before , but I 'm so completely disappointed in this product that I just had to this time.This stapler make a lot of sense to me -- the downward force when stapling is smack dab on top of where the staple -LRB- or brad -RRB- fires . This virtually eliminates kick-back and lands the staple solidly on target . It 's pretty straightforward and only mildly awkward once you get used to the idea -LRB- which happens pretty quickly -RRB- - you just have to keep in mind that you 're using a stapler that fires from `` the other end '' . -LRB- Side note
 This product is very dangerous . It jammed up every time I tried to use it and shot out staples even when the trigger was not pulled . I have reported this to the US Consumer Product Safety Commission and I strongly urge others to do the same .
 Unlike Milwaukee 's contract-built Taiwanese jig saw , at least this particular product is of reasonable quality and offered at a reasonable price . It seems , however , that in Milwaukee 's effort to become a broad-line tool provider , they have cut some corners and have had their name slapped upon Southeast Asian product.This particular unit is a reincarnation of the Makita sanders that were on the cutting edge back in the late 1980s ' and early 1990 's . And that 's pretty much what you get with this product
 I have owned many , many Milwaukee tools ... But this one was a real disappointment . I estimate 7 to 8 hours on the tool before it is absolutely unusable . First the `` random '' action ceased , which is not uncommon with a worn out `` belt '' ... but the power became less and less , sparks emit from the windings . I was shocked to get this poor of quality from Milwaukee . Not to complain , but the housing is also very light , the entire unit just feels `` cheap '' to me . Granted , it is a cheap -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- sander , but I expected a little more than 7 or 8 hours of use from it.I still recommend Porter Cable , I generally get good hours out of that brand ... DeWalt does ok , Makita , so-so ... Hope that helps anyone out there lookng for a unit that will hold up under use .
 Had I done my homework and was n't in a hurry to find one I could have saved a whole bunch of money ! Home depot has them , same ones for half the price . I like the box and it does the job , but the price was terrible .
 This is a great trunk ... but why would you pay $ 159.00 for something you can get at Home Depot for $ 60 ? Shame on amazon for jacking the price up so much . I realize it probably costs more to ship because of the size , but come on the thing only weighs like 10 lbs .
 Wow ! Amazon can not be serious . When I saved this to my wishlist it was listed for what the retail price really is $ 68 . Where do they get the idea that the retail price is over $ 300 ? It 's not ! Not even the job boxes made of steel are $ 300 . This is plastic . They are very strong and great for what I need , but no way will I pay 2x more . I was getting ready to order 8 of these to organize my life better , but when I did go back to order them they want more then $ 100 . I bought my first one from Home Depot and I love it . I paid $ 68 for it and it is still $ 68 . Amazon had it for $ 68 when I first saw it here , but what happened ? No way will I pay more for this than the retail price of $ 68 . I geuss I will be buying mine from Home Depot again even if I can only get 2 at a time since that is how many they keep in stock at any one time . Get it together Amazon so I can get them from you before I get all the ones I will ever need from elsewhere .
 My husband and I ordered this tuff box for his deployment . We had it a week , it did n't even last long enough to get shipped !!! The plastic its made of is apparently not anywhere near as strong as advertised . It absolutely crumbled , ripped , and shredded into lots of sharp jagged pieces . Just from hitting asphalt !
 I just bought this at Home Depot for $ 68 . They list it as the Stanley 37 '' Storage . Same product # and all .
 Shame on amazon for the price listed . Other reviewers said they found this for $ 60 at Home Depot . Walmart.com shows it at $ 54 .
 I bought this to replace my 15-year-old Porter-Cable 1/4-sheet palm sander , which lacked a dust bag.What a letdown . I love my other Milwaukee tools -LRB- cordless and corded drills and Sawzall -RRB- but this tool is junk . It vibrates so badly that it skips across the surface of the wood . The clamp levers are so weak that one of them bent the first time I used it . And the pad is so flimsy that it was damaged in two places after a half hour of use . The P-C never suffered any such problems.I 've been working wood for over 40 years and have never used such a bummer of a power tool . I think I 'll stick with my P-C .
 I am a painting and remodeling contractor - 23 years in business . I have used the -LRB- former -RRB- Milwaukee palm sander on the job almost everyday for many years . Its motor was very good and it always had enough power to do the job quickly and efficiently - no problems . I 've only replaced the power cord , main switch and sanding pad several times over the years - the brushes once etc. . But recently I needed another one on hand to use because my old one needed to go to the shop for another power cord and pad again . So I bought what Milwaukee is now putting out now as the SAME palm sander ... identical housing/box etc. . BIG MISTAKE ! All the specs on the metal label are the same but it is NOT THE SAME SANDER . The motor has been replaced with a much cheaper one - and this new one vibrates much more and makes very much noise - compared to the old one ! Worse than that it just does n't sand anywhere near as well or as fast as its predecessor either ! My old one sanded things very quickly etc. -LRB- One way to tell is just how fast it will wear out your piece of sandpaper - with this new one I simply can not wear out a piece of 36 grit sandpaper !! -RRB- Upon further comparison with my old one , I noticed the orbital rotations of the new one are much smaller than the old one too , which is probably why it does n't sand very good!So take it from me , someone who knows ... this new Milwaukee palm sander is now nothing more than another glorified vibrating sander ! Do n't buy it - It 's a piece of JUNK !
 I ordered a Milwaukee sander to test the brand 's integrity . The unit was dead right out of the box . No power ; dead circuit in the sander ? The craftsmanship was poor , with too much plastic and stiff and awkward paper attachment levers . Very disappointing . No more Milwaukee for me .
 I ordered these a week into December as a gift . When they arrived , a week before christmas , they were destroyed all over my other purchases . Of two boxes of staples , the 1/2 '' 's were destroyed and the 1/4 '' 's were pristene . They were obviously shipped torn and then when I went to look at this page , they are now out of stock , and I will have to go to a physical hardware store to replace this gift ... =-LRB- ... I would reccomend that if you are interested in staples you do the same ! Staples were never ment to be shipped . -LRB- too fragile -RRB-
 I bought this staple gun from Home Depot for stapling targets out on the range . On the first outing I noticed that if I did not have the entire front of the gun resting on a surface the drawer would shoot out and spill staples everywhere . Ok , no big deal , I 'll just have to remember to keep the thing flush right ? No . About 20 staples later the drawer pops out no matter how I hold the gun , every time ! I like the size , and ease of use , but durability is a big thumbs down . Every staple , the drawer pops out and drops all the staples .
 I like the reverse hold over traditional staplers , easy one the hand . But with this one being all plastic the piece that holds the staple draw closed developed a crack along one side where the plastic pivots when you pinch it to release the draw . Now it pops open from the vibration of firing off a staple , the draw opens , and all the staples fall out .
 I purchased two Milwaukee 's and two Rigid sanders at the same time for my woodworking instruction class . Same sander , both cost the same amount . The Rigid brand has it all over the Milwaukee . Rigid includes a variable speed adjusting knob . The Rigid brand also does not spin up at high RPM when not in contact with material like the Milwaukee . This spin up problem with the Milwaulkee requires the user to shut off the sander every time it is removed from the work surface . A big sanding gouge is likely if you place the sander back on the work surface at high RPM . The sander only takes a second or two to spin out of control . The Milwaukee is like a first generation palm orbital sander and is a piece of junk . The Rigid is a modern , up to date , quality built and economical tool . The Rigid dust collection bag is better . The sander feels better in your hand , is more substantial and it does not heat up under your palm like the Milwaukee does . I 'm trying to get rid of the two Milwaukee 's to replace them with two more Rigid 's , that 's how much better the Rigid brand is.I 'm not a weekend woodworker . I 've worked with wood full time for more than 20 years . Milwaukee makes some very nice tools . This sander is not one of them . Buy the Rigid brand instead .
 I probably had less than 30 minutes use of this thing before knowing it was junk . I wrote a note to Milwaukee about it and they offered to fix it . Not what I wanted because I knew alrady it was never going to be good . But sent it in and they put $ 45 in parts . Believe it or not but since I have used it hours and still hate it ! But has not given any more mechanical problems . Only worst engineered tool Milwaukee probably ever made . I do n't think any other random orbit sander has no brake system ! I used a De Walt many hours before buying this thing and only reason for not buying De Walt is that I do n't like their products . Biggest mistake yet ! I recommend the DE Walt !
 I purchased the Cobra 8000 about a year ago . The design , which channels pressure directly onto the area being stapled , impressed me very much.The actual product worked well for the first half-dozen staples , then began to misfire . It required excessive force to release a staple , and even then , a staple came out only about a third of the time.I put up with this poor performance during a month of intermittent indoor usage , but then I started to use it outside , and some grit got into the mechanism , causing the unit to stop working all together.Reluctantly , I disassembled the stapler , cleaned and oiled all the parts , and finally reassmbled everything , which was no easy feat , since you have to position the components just-so , including a couple of springs under tension.The repaired stapler worked like a charm for about a half dozen more staples , but once again , it began to misfire . I noticed that the misfire rate increased as more grit entered the mechanism . -LRB- I was stapling chicken wire to wooden fence posts , so it was impossible to isolate the unit from dust -RRB- . The next three times the unit stopped working , I took it apart , cleaned everything , and got it working again . Since the inards are quite tricky to align , each repair took a couple of hours minimum.As of today , I 've given up on the Cobra stapler , because it 's never worked correctly for more than a half-dozen consecutive staples -- not even when it was brand new and used only in the dust-free confines of my office.Does anyone out there know of a more reliable staple gun , even if it does n't use Cobra 's innovative design , which I prefer ? Alternately , does anyone know if Cobra plans to produce a model that 's better-sealed and has heftier components capable of standing up to every-day wear-and-tear in the `` real world ? ''
 I have read all the wonderful ratings and put this on my wish list for a year before I got it . I finally had the opportunity to put it to the test and was terribly disappointed . The thing that made it the most exciting for me was the nail gun . I could use it in doll houses and on picture frames , but when I tried to use it ... it worked for 4 nails . . and then I had to take out the nails and replace them to get it to work . . and then only 4 more nails worked . I could n't get it to work after that at all . The staples never go all the way in , even though I put my whole 200lb weight over the top . It is after the 30 day refund period so I am stuck with a non-functioning unit . . sigh ... Must be a Murphy 's Law in there somewhere .
 I used this staple gun to hang insulation in my garage this weekend . Prior to that , it had probably driven under 10 staples . Initially it was fine , but on the second or third string of staples , it started hesitating occasionally . I 'd hit the lever and wait for 5-10 seconds for it to pop and drive the staple . It also started occasionally ejecting the staple tray braking the string of staples and dumping many of them out . The frequency of both problems picked up until the gun was exhibiting at least one of the two problems 1 in 5 times I tried to drive a staple . A bolt from the handle also fell out while I was using it . My project ended when my last string of staples was ejected dumping them behind a bunch of boxes.The bottom line here is that this product is a piece of junk . For driving one or two staples , it may be fine , but mine did n't make it through a full box . Do n't waste your money .
 This tool is a great idea . It lacks one key ingredient ; the ability to what it is designed to do . I have yet to get it to fire more than one nail without having to open it up again . It 's good for `` maybe '' four nails without having to reload it . Save yourself the time and effort and purchase a real nail gun .
 This may be a good staple gun , but since no instructions were included and I ca n't figure out how to open it to load staples , I may never know.I ca n't even find an online manual which almost all companies provide these days .
 The concept is good , but the product simply does not hold up to use . Mine broke after about 100 staples . It is tricky to disassemble and always fails again after a handful of staples . This is one of the worst tool purchases I have ever made . My advice is to go with another brand , as Arrow clearly does not mind selling an obviously flawed product . If you have an air compressor , look at pneumatic models .
 This thing is a piece of crap . For about 2 weeks I found it easy to use , easy to load and with very little kickback on the hands . Then the loader broke , and for a few more months I was able to use it with duct tape , until the whole thing fell apart . The spring action on the handle broke and was unable to staple anything . I do n't understand how Arrow is still in business . I paid extra for this thinking it would n't be more heavy duty than their usual T-50 pieces of junk . Total rip off .
 After using this staple/nail gun until the staples ran out , I attempted to reload with more staples . I could not open the chamber in a normal manner . I had discarded the instruction manual on the first day and I had no idea how to reload . There were no instructions , arrows , words , or even clues printed on this gun like the Arrow Staple guns I had purchased in the past . After several attempts to open it , I went to the manufacture 's website and downloaded the user manual -LRB- 16 pages -RRB- . I followed their instructions very close and again tried several times to open the chamber . Still no luck . After 10 minutes trying to reload it , the staple gun broke.Potential customers BE AWARE , this gun has the worse design for loading staples . The manufacture failed to print arrows , instructions or even give clues on the gun as to `` how to reload '' . The user manual was useless with hard to follow instructions . Two thumbs down on this device.Disappointed customerSam Boulton
 Mine says Balck and Decker on it and is a piece of crap . If you use in the vertical position , say stapling insulation to a stud wall , the staples fall out . I threw mine in the trash . Get a Makita rechargable power stapler .
 The idea behind this stapler is great , and if you have never used a traditional heavy-duty stapler , this product is for you . That being said , if you are used to a traditional heavy duty staple gun -LRB- non-forward action -RRB- , then it can be very frustrating to overcome old habits of knowing which end the staple will come out . In my case , it was very dangerous and resulted in a trip to the emergency room.For years I have braced the back of the staple gun with my palm when using the tool on the edge of a piece of wood -LRB- because traditional staple guns have you compressing on the back of the tool -RRB- . I was quite surprised when when on my second round with this tool , I instinctively used it like a traditional staple gun and shot a staple through my hand.I believe there are benefits to this tool ; however , like all tools , it can be very dangerous when used improperly and I hope my accident can help prevent others from a similar fate .
 I bought this 'cause I thought it was a good design and needed a staple gun . But it stinks stinks ,
 My Cobra kept jamming , and on the third jam , I turned it around , braced it against my hand -LRB- to eject what I thought was a defective staple -RRB- and shot a staple straight into my hand , just below the index finger . The staple went through to the bone.I am just too used to the standard design , so I would not recommend this product to anyone who has been using a traditional gun for a long time . It jams a lot , and it 's too easy to get it turned around the wrong way .
 I bought this staplegun to attach wire to a wooden board . Easy enough , right ? Wrong ! It 's near impossible to open to place the staples and then applying enough pressure to squeeze out a staple has made my hand cramp in a matter of minutes . Save your fingers -LRB- mine are currently purple trying to load the staples -RRB- and buy another staple gun !
 These powershot staplers used to be good . They are now a crap producing company . I bought three at home depot and they all were missing outside screws and nuts and of course they did not work . I called the company and they told me the `` top of the line orange one works '' . I ordered one from Amazon and it is junk , it has a delayed fire problem . I shot myself in the stomach , as it went off 2 minutes later . After 10 delayed shots everything broke off ! THESE ARE DANGEROUS .
 I do n't write many negative reviews , but this one needs to be shared . The ` reverse ' handle ergonomic design was a good thought -- but in practice this gun is dangerous and unreliable . Pick up the stapler between jobs months apart , and you will find it very difficult to load staples , jams galore , and you better not forget where the staples are exiting the tool . Even the reverse handle was not as ergonomic as I had hoped.When firing a lot of staples -LRB- installing insulation -RRB- I found tired hands , and an awkward design to hold and manuevre when working . Last time I used this tool I cut both my hands trying to load the staples , and eventually found a disengaged spring that I am still trying to repair.I was lured in by the look of an improved design and the ability to use both staples and small brads , but the functionility is just not there . This staple gun is not intuitive at best , and dangerous at worst . I would not recommend this product , save your money , fingers and get a stapler that works .
 I purchased this item , and used it successfully to drive about 20 or 30 nails , after which the stapler gun broke . When I press on the handle , I can feel the normal spring resistance , but it no longer `` releases '' that energy to drive a nail or staple into the work piece . I have checked thoroughly , and the unit is not dirty or jammed.This is the second arrow stapler gun that I have owned ... the first one was a light duty version , and the second one that broke within the first 1/2 hr of use.I hope that Arrow tests their products and works in improving the quality of them .
 Do not waste your money buying this stapler . Hard to load most of the time like others have said . I would say that I only used it about 50 times now the hammer inside the item that drives the staple is jammed against the staple slide and it will not work at all . Ca n't even get the slide out , took the bolts out and still the thing wo n't come apart . Ca n't even take it back , no receite . Really these staple gunes are worthless .
 One small project putting 3/8 staples into pine , maybe 2 clips worth , and it 's dead . I bought the `` pro '' model figuring it would last me a long time with light home use . I 'll never buy another Arrow product .
 Given one for my birthday and disappointed before the candles on the cake were blown out . The included directions are written for the United Nations ... fine except for native English speakers . Very poorly illustrated yet replete with safety cautions/warnings of all hazards to probably include natural disasters & bank failures . I could not load the beast so I let my 13 year old grandson who 's a whiz with things mechanical & such . I awaited his wizardry to be quickly shown up . He was defeated in 20 minutes although he persisted longer than I did trying to tame this useless now new shiny doorstop .
 No longer an `` Arrow '' product and no longer in production after a brief run as `` Power Shot Pro '' . Will only accept 9/16 '' X 14MM ` brad nails ' . Will drive one brad every 2 or 3 times , then brad nails jam up sideways . The only staples it will accept are very narrow puny , light duty 1/4 '' to 9/16 '' -LRB- long -RRB- staples . . This has to be one of the 10 worst tools in my 60 + years of using various tools . I 'd sell it for $ 2.00 if I could . Have had it too long to return , just started trying to use it . I now have 4 staplers requiring 3 types of staples , two of which -LRB- available staples -RRB- are discontinued . . Sadly , this stapler is a domestic -LRB- made in USA -RRB- product that could only be improved by production in China ... and then only MAYBE . Save your money , folks !
 Got this stapler as gift , straight out of the box it did n't work . Never got around to returning it , so one day I messed with it for a while and got it to shoot 2 or 3 staples , thought all was good and put it on the shelf . Went to use it yesterday and managed to shoot 4 staples before it broke again , opening the cartridge reveals that it keeps splitting up the staples causing them to misfire and even sometimes jam . I gave up after reloading it about 5 times and only successfully shooting 6-8 out of 40-50 attempts.The only place this thing belongs is in the garbage !!
 I bought the Powershot Pro 8000 locally without reading reviews here first . BIG MISTAKE ! Struggled to get each staple to fire and after less than 50 total staples it has quit firing altogether . A quick look at other review sites reveals this to be a very common problemZERO stars .
 I upgraded to this stapler after my 5700 version died . The 5700 was poorly constructed internally with key pieces being seriously underbuilt.As the 8000 was pretty much the only ` high end ' stapler at my local hardware I thought I 'd give it a go.Its fired a little over a full box of staples by my estimates . Sadly its now doing all sort of things wrong
 As another reviewer wrote there are no instructions and I ca n't find on line support so I ca n't load the brads and unless I locate product support for this stapler I 'll never know if it 's any good . Very disappointing .
 Constant jams and misfeeds . Loaer jams regularly . This is my second one after exchanging the first one . After two in a row , I give up .
 Tacker did n't even last one day on the job . We were putting tar paper on a new roof , and it jammed to the point of no repair -LRB- that I can see -RRB- . A steel tang in the front of the staple chamber bent , preventing any staples from getting by . Like I said , disappointing .
 WHEN I RECEIVED MY STAPLER I LIKED THE WAY I FELT IN MY HAND AND THOUGHT IT WOULD WORK JUST FINE . UNTIL MY CREW AND I WERE USING THIS STAPLER WITHOUT TROUBLE UNTIL THE SPRING RETAINER FLEW OUT OF THE BACK OF THE GUN . AND WAS NEVER TO BE SEEN AGAIN . THE PROBLEM WITH THE STAPLER IS THAT IT HAS NO SECONDARY LATCH , JUST A SLOT AND THE VIBRATION FROM USE MUST HAVE KNOCKED IT OUT . THE USER DID NOT KNOW THIS UNTIL THE PART WAS FLYING OFF OF A TWO STORY HOUSE . THAT 'S NOT VERY HELPFUL EVEN IF WE DID FIND IT , AND LOOKING FOR IT COST ME MORE THAN THE TOOL !!!
 Got about 2-3 hours of use , did n't use for months and went to use it again . The motor spun but the bit did n't move . Lots of money to turn a few screws . Seems like `` screw '' seems more applicable for the buyer than describing useage of this tool .
 For starters , the piping is NOT 2.5 '' , or even 2.25 '' , but rather 1-7/8 '' ID , meaning that the pipes themselves are a dust collection bottle neck , the brittle clear plastic started crumbling apart on mine after less than a year of use.I had this set up as whole shop dust collection , to pick up dust from my table saw , band saw , oscillating sander , planer , jointer etc. . . all with 2.5 '' dust ports . Before the fittings started cracking and leaking air like crazy it all worked flawlessly , but after the leaks showed up , Within 30 seconds of running the planer , the shavings jammed up in the first Y fitting after the blast gate.Simply put , this was NOT a well thought out system . I have since upgraded to a true dust collector , and have upgraded what I can to 4 '' ports , and plumbing , the results are fantastic!Don ' t bother with shop vac based dust collection . It just is n't effective enough ! Better quality materials , and proper sizing would have made this a LOT more useful , but as it stands , save your money for real dust collection ...
 I bought this system and installed it in my shop.I found at compleation that there was no way to hook it up to a 2 1/2 in vacume unless you use one of the gates as an adaptor . It then becomes a 5 drop system.Shop Vac has cleverly designed the system in a non standard size so you can not use PVC pipe fittings with it and believe me I 've tried.I know this system has been around for sometime and ca n't believe they have n't included a simple adaptor . I have emailed customer service about this and to this date no reply .
 This system is NOT 2-1/2 '' as the product features states ; it 's 2 '' . You will need to get theShop-vac 906-87-19 Universal Tool Adapterto connect it to a 2 = 1/2 '' system . I opted to return it and get the parts I needed from Peachtree Woodworking available here on Amazon .
 This tripod is exactly what I was looking for , except that it is of poor quality ... or at least the one I received was . The mesh screen I received was rusty . In addition , the legs of the tripod which are screwed into a metal form do n't quite fit , leaving you with a wobbly tripod . Wobbly is not great when using a torch to fire metals . Once I thoroughly cleaned the rusty mesh , I was able to use it , but am still a little weary of the wobbly legs .
 PRODUCT ARRIVED ON TIME AS PROMISED - ITEM SMELLED LIKE OIL - THE OIL SMELL WAS EVEN MORE NOTICEABLE -LRB- A LOT MORE -RRB- WHEN RUNNING - PRODUCT HAD ALMOST NO SUCTION POWER IN ORDER TOO FILTER THE SURROUNDING AIR - THIS THING IS A REAL JOKE ... ! I HAVE OTHER VACMASTER PRODUCTS SUCH AS A WET/DRY VAC 12GAL AND IT WORKS GREAT - AS THE OLD SAYING GOES , BEAUTY IS IN THE EYES OF THE BEHOLDER ... GUESS , IT APPLIES TO THIS ITEM AS WELL ... ! I DID RETURN THE PRODUCT ... !
 Purchased this item to work in Home to keep dust down , it is Noisy and ONLY has one speed ! I kept this item close to 2 by material I was cutting and could not see much or hardly any thing being drawn into the unit while working ... an Hour latter I went back into -LRB- small room 8 by 10 BATH -RRB- dust had settled every where but inside of unit ... Very disapointed . Figure I lost -LSB- my investment . -RSB- I have no Idea what I can really use it for . . Maybe use it in work sop in addtion to my other Air Cleaner ... . I have a JDS unit in My work shop It keeps air clean CONSTANTLY ! Maybe I was expectng to much ... Best bet put a fan in a window and suck the dust and dirt out MUCH cheaper and works better than this thing !
 My shop is only 10 ` x12 ' . I thought this product would work well because of the size . Well , it does not.For one thing , this item is huge . It 's about 2 feet long and about a foot in diameter . It is not designed to be hung out of the way . Instead , it 's meant to sit on a surface like on a bench top or the floor.It does not suck air strongly enough . The effective distance that it affects is about 6 inches . If you are sanding beyond that , the dust will go elsewhere , and not get sucked into the air cleaner . You sort of wish that while the fine dust is airborn , the air cleaner will just pull it in . What I observed , though , is that everything in the shop is eventually covered with fine dust even while the so-called air cleaner is running continuously.Crappy product . Do n't buy it .
 I normally do n't sit down to write reviews , but customers need to know about this product . It is decent for a price of about $ 60 , but not $ 120 . It does n't move much air and is constructed cheaply . Today it died on me for no apparent reason . I found out upon troubleshooting that it was a loose connection at the switch.On to engineering of the product . . Everything is molded plastic , down to the fan . If you want to disassemble it down the fan module , you ca n't without breaking it , as the fan is a single piece with it 's molded plastic clip . The power cord is simply stripped and installed with clips at the switch . No reinforcement at the housing . . just a hole . No soldering of any connections , so if your environment is dirty or acidic , expect the switch to fail , as did mine.This is a cheap tube with plastic ends and a foam filter over a regular paper filter . There is no fuse mechanism , no steel parts besides the motor and the housing . This cost , at best , $ 15 in parts to make and it 's not even made well .
 I did some research on the web before buying a couple of these for putting over my bird cages with T8 Vita-Lites for my birds.I THOUGHT I was buying fixtures with mirror-polished reflectors around the lamps , so they 'd put out more light . But when they arrived and I opened one of the boxes -LRB- one of them was actually open when it got here -RRB- I discovered that the silver polished part of the reflectors are on the top outside of these things , which has nothing to do with reflecting more light from the lamps down on my area that I want lit by them!It appears that the gimick here is that they put out 90 % more light than an open shop light fixture without any reflector at all , but I thought I was getting mirror polished reflectors on the insides of them.I just spent $ 57 with shipping , on 2 of these and am disgusted !
 It 's so much fun at 3am waking to the sound of 4 smake alarms going off . Where 's the fire ? Nada ! Renovation required installation of smoke detectors - in this case Kidde i12060.They randomly go off , currently in the middle of the night for no reason . You wake in a panic to no fire - but which detector set them all off so you can shut it down ? I have no faith in these alarms now , dreading a real fire that may be ignored . As others , the only recourse is to disconnect it from the wall .
 About a year ago I replaced seven detectors of another brand with the Kiddie i12060 . After six years of use , two of the old detectors were starting to chirp randomly . So after replacing them all I thought that would solve it -- ah that would be a NO ! Now after only about a year , four of the seven are chirping - some constantly , some randomly . I have high ceilings in my house , and I am really not happy to climb onto a ladder to rip the thing out of the ceiling at 2am when it wo n't shut up . Nice simple wiring , and a well designed mounting plate are worthless when the thing wo n't do the only job that it is intended for . I am extremely unhappy with this poor quality control . I have n't decided if I am going to just go to another brand , or perhaps smash these things with a hammer and send the pieces to the Melbane NC facility with a Christmas bow saying `` thanks but no thanks '' . PS
 I installed two devices for my next door neighbors . After a little more than a month one or the other would chirp loudly at intermittent intervals . Anything I tried to correct -LRB- e.g. , replace with new -LSB- recommended on the package -RSB- -RRB- batteries , dismantling and reconnecting the connections of the wiring harness -RRB- did not correct the problem . Today I replaced -LRB- fully disconnecting the harnesses and all -RRB- with brand new models - the chirping began again after just several minutes . I 've now disconnected the alarms from the harnesses and removed the batteries - still the chirping with no direct power . I pressed the test button to remove any power that was still in a capacitor-like device within the devices and now no chirping.All of that is way too much to expect from a DIY guy . I shall return the i12060s and replace with the one CR recommends - which I should have done in the first place . I was trying to save money for my neighbors , but just aggravated their sleep for a few weeks.I would have rated this item as zero or minus , had that been an option .
 My problem sounds a little different than the other false alarms described here.I 've had three of these for about a year , mixed in with a number of older models . For the last few months an alarm has been sounding for a few seconds , usually in the middle of the night . Long enough to awaken everybody , but not long enough to identify the culprit among the many alarms I have . Finally , I was motivated enough to find the offender . I disconnected all alarms except this model ; alarm still sounds . There is no battery-low indication . I had hoped the `` alarm memory '' would show something , but apparently that works only in an interconnected setup , which mine is not.Time to find a different manufacturer or model .
 3 years ago we added a 2nd floor addition to our vacation home in Maine . As part of the renovation , our electrician was required to install 3 smoke detectors . Unfortunately for us , he installed this brand . 2 of the detectors ... no problem . but 1 detector ... has been replaced already 2 times because , as other reviews say . . it randomly has gone off -LRB- and always in the middle of the night -RRB- for no reason and the only recourse is to disconnect it from the wall . what a terrible quality product .
 This is way too sensitive for use anywhere near a kitchen . I have one installed outside the kitchen , and it goes off every time I make toast , saute , or broil . Sometimes just turning on a burner on the stove is enough to set it off.The hush feature is OK , but it will keep going off every five minutes or so as long as you 're cooking . Since it 's hard-wired to the other smoke detectors , the entire house is filled with screeching on all the false alarms .
 Recieved alarm in a &#34; zip-lock &#34; baggy . Inside the bag , the alarm had a piece of corrugated cardboard backing and piece of thin red plastic to cover the alarm from dust . The red cover was abraded/torn in two places and the battery compartment was hanging open . Therefore there was little to protect the device from damage . The baggy with the alarm was placed inside an oversized box with inadequate padding as well . They used two strips of AirPlus bagged air pods which were 75 % deflated . Thus no real protection ... plus the oversized box was crushed and torn open on one corner . There is no way I would install a sensitive instrument into my home , in hopes that it will save my house and life after receiving damage like this.Buy your product elsewhere ...
 Who has n't gone back home and have their mom hand them a list of projects ?!?! This trip it was to replace the 10 alarms in the house with this product . First night , 3 went off at different times . Thinking it might be old batteries , I replaced all 10 . Second night , at least 2 went off and started noticing random chirps.Grouchy and tired , jumped online to see if there was some connection between possibly dirty power and false alarms . When I saw the 20 + postings here , I went down to Lowes and purchased a different brand . . 3rd night , you betcha . . I slept like a baby ! . . Do n't . . buy . . this . . crap . .
 Like one of the other reviewers , I bought a new home in which the contractor installed 8 of these Kidde i12060 ionization smoke alarms . They are wired into the home and interconnected . Last month , when the house was about 1 1/2 years old , all of the alarms started going off - at 3:00 a.m. Thinking it was a dead back-up battery , I replaced all 8 of the batteries with new ones . Now , less than one month later , it has happened again - this time during the day . No smoke , no steam , no one was cooking - nothing . And it 's the full alarm going off - not the chirping . Drove to a fire station and spoke to a firefighter , who said it could be that one of the units has gone bad . Luckily , the LED light system on these units will tell you which one was set off , so hopefully if I replace that one , I will have identified the problem unit and the problem will stop . I replaced the one month old back-up battery in that unit , just in case it was a dud battery . Just like another reviewer , I noticed that the alarm stopped going off after I pulled one of the units down from the ceiling -LRB- but kept it connected to the AC wiring -RRB- . What 's annoying - besides the fact that one of the units may be bad after just 1 1/2 years , is that I have to play detective to figure out what 's wrong and how to fix it . Who has time to do that ? And of course , now we 're all afraid it 's going to go off again in the middle of the night and scare us to death . I do n't know if the other brands are better , but clearly this brand/model has issues .
 I had recently had the previous version of this unit break . It would n't stop beeping even after I 'd replaced the batter and then the battery compartment got stuck . I 'd only ever replaced the battery twice so I ca n't say it lasted all that long but I frankly did n't want to have to do any research on viable replacements so I just purchased the same unit . I do n't like that these do not have a `` hush '' feature that lets you silence the beeping when the battery is running low and I 'm not sure I 'd recommend the unit to anyone searching for a real quality detector . I will say as far as replacing the unit went however , it was fairly cheap and easy to replace when I had the problem .
 This alarm goes off all the time when it should n't , It has gone off so much i have had to replace the batteries 4 times in the last 6 weeks . The one time it should have gone off it did n't , my son put a TV dinner in the microwave -LRB- which is right next to the alarm -RRB- and accidentally set the wrong cook time I smelled something burning went down stairs it was very smokey opened the microwave and a bunch of smoke poured out and the alarm NEVER went off ! But chicken nuggets and toast will set the alarm off !
 Last night my kidde i12060 was going off for no reason like mentioned in other reviews . It took me having to yank it out completely before it would quit alarming . There was no convienient harness to slip off and on . Not recommended .
 I built a home and these things drive me crazy . Everytime someone cooks it goes off and takes a long time to stop . We open doors and fan the alarm but it still goes off . I will try to find a different brand .
 This is a nice product if you like firedrills at 3:00 in the morning . They stop if you pull them down from the ceiling and put them back up . But within a few weeks the 'll be back beeping again .
 After a few years the detectors are going off -LRB- full alarm -RRB- for a few seconds multiple times in the night . This wakes me and my baby too . Replaced batteries even though none were chirping . I am replacing them all with a different brand .
 I started with one to replace my bedroom detector and it looked and worked great . -LRB- Got really sick of false alarms on windy days from my old detector -RRB- . So I purchased 5 more for the rest of the house . 2 out of those 5 had battery doors that would not close . I think they broke something when they jammed those plastic things in there that save the battery until it is put to use . I will still be replacing those two with the same model for consistency , but I would think about a different model if you are looking to replace a house full of them .
 just like others - mine started going off first night at 2am , second night at 10:30 pm , midnight , 2am , 3am - literally driving me crazy and seriously upsetting my 1-year old . i had the fire department down twice to make sure there was n't carbon monoxide in the house . ended up taking them all down throughout the whole house . spent a ton of money for an electrician to come down and inspect the system . i am so angry and disappointed in kiddie for making this piece of crap . uch ... i 'm utterly disgusted . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT or ANY SMOKE DETECTOR FROM KIDDIE . Not if you value your sanity ... or sleep . Uch .
 Last summer , my upstairs Kidde smoke detector started chirping , then going off -- even after I replaced the battery . Nothing would make it stop the noise , so I removed it . I replaced it with a Kidde i12060.Last month in the middle of the night , it chirped once . After a week or so , it started chirping every few minutes . I checked the battery -- it was still good . I changed it anyway . A week later the alarm went off in the middle of the night . I stumbled out of bed , convinced of a fire . Nothing . I pushed `` Hush , '' and that was that . Yesterday , it happened again . I took the battery out , put in a new battery , cleaned the unit with a can of compressed air.This afternoon it went off again -- a constant , `` there 's a fire ! '' beeping . Pushed `` Hush , '' no hush . Also no fire , and I 'm not cooking or grilling ; I 'm not even running the dryer ; I do n't smoke . I had to pull the thing off the ceiling to get it to stop . Very discouraging!I 'm not sure I would buy another Kidde brand . I do n't want to replace my smoke detectors every year .
 moved into new house 7 years ago . House had the predescessor to this model installed . 5 out 12 were bad.Had to replace 6 of these in the last 3 years - false alarms , chirps on full battery -RRB- . Going to try First A ; ert next . Kidde needs to check into these .
 As everyone else mentioned these suck . The last 3 nights now I 've been woken up thinking there is a fire somewhere . I replaced all batteries , was good for 1 night and then they started again . I 've had to disconnect them so I can sleep and wo n't be randomly woken up . Why its only at night while I 'm sleeping I have no idea . Have lived in my house for 3 years and never had any issues . Extremely annoyed and replacing all of them .
 Purchased 8 of these . 3 have failed in 4 years . Fale alarms . Chirping with good batteries . They say to replace every ten years . Do yourself a favor and buy something else . They do n't last long . If you get them plan on being awakened at 5:10 am ! It 's a shame I had to give it one star . Amazon should allow no star ratings . Ca n't rely on these . I 'll be throwing them all away .
 Replaced 12 year old AC only smoke detectors with no problems to keep my family safe with additional battery back-up on May 30 , 2012 . Less than 2 weeks in I was up at 12:47 am for a false alarm and 2:14 for the same . Finally figured out which one was faulty and disconnected it . Returning all 3 detectors and replacing with First Alert . First experience with Kidde and I have been cured from using Kidde products in the future .
 bought in Dec 2009 and installed late Dec It started to set off by itself lasting as long as a minute after two years of use . Now it always chirps regardless of changes in batteries . Stay away from this product . I was trying to replace the non-front load version of this produce after one died after 3 years of use . Have other of non-load versions in the house , but they have n't died yet after 4 years of use .
 Bought 8 of these detectors 2 years ago , and have replaced 2 of them for false alarms issues . The first alarms would not stop chirpping , replaced alarm and it still did it . Then I replaced the wired plastic connector and it stopped . Contacted Kidde and they would not warranty . Do n't purchase these alarms .
 These units -LRB- 5 -RRB- were installed as part of new construction approximately 24 months ago . They have been serviced -LRB- cleaned and new batteries -RRB- per Kidde 's instructions . They have suddenly begun going off for no apparent reason , usually between 1 and 4 AM . Needless to say , I will replace these with something else ASAP !
 This product in and of itself is OK , however , unless you are replacing like with like it is unusable . I needed to replace a different Kidde model that was installed 8 years ago and the base has changed . The ring is now smaller and I could not attach this unit to the same plate and was unable to get a new base plate from seller or other suggested locations .
 I have 6 of these awful detectors in my house . As everyone is saying , they go off in the middle of the night . Why ? I do n't know , but it seems like it happens when the weather get cold . Quick temperature changes ? I now have 4 detectors ripped off the ceiling . DO N'T BUY !
 well , what can I say . They like to go off between the hours of 1am-6am . We had 5 alarms installed 2.5 years ago and we have had 4 false alarms since installation . 2 have been within the last 14 hours . A few of alarms go off -LRB- not chirping -RRB- for 5 seconds or so and turn of . I 'm unable to determine which are malfunctioning but I know it 's at least 2 . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ALARM
 Less than a year ago , I replaced all the smoke detectors in my home with the Kidde i12060 . They go off for no reason - we dont smoke , and cooking doesnt set them off . They just go bad . I checked the batteries - they are still good . I am so tired of the false alarms that I am going to replace them all with a different brand . I see that these have good ratings from others , but I just wanted to share my bad experiance so that you are forewarned .
 I have five of these in my home . About a year ago I replaced them all due to random false alarms -LRB- they were about 8 years old -RRB- . Since then I 've had to replace two of the new ones due to false alarms . I 'm pulling them all out and replacing with another brand . Quality on these is extremely poor .
 I was forced to give this a star . So it gets a star , because I had to . It gets a star because it 's a fire alarm and I 'm sure it has the best intentions , but everyone is right , these things are crap . Mine started going off ALL DAY , on and off , for hours and hours and hours . I replaced the batteries , that helped the beeping BETWEEN when the alarms were going off , but not the alarms themselves . I was n't even cooking ! The heat was n't on ! there was no fire ! Pushing the `` hush '' button only works half the time . I finally unhooked them from power AND took the batteries out . Listen to me and these other people when we say do not waste your time with these horrible machines . Absolutely absurd . Big shout out to my contractor for choosing this particular brand to install in our newly renovated home . Looks like he definitely did his homework .
 I 've had 5 of these interconnected smoke alarms for a little less than 3 years . Right now it 's 1:30 AM on the East Coast and me and my wife and two small children have just been awoken in the middle of the night by a false alarm for the eight or ninth time . I can only imagine how often these things fail in the daytime when we are not home . For some reason the only time they go off is when you are sleeping . I 've tried everything to rectify ; including lithium backup batteries ... to no avail . They are super easy to install and super easy to change the battery and super LOUD but they are all interconnected so one false alarm leads to 5 -LRB- I have 5 in my house . -RRB- blaring smoke alarms and there is no way to know which one is faulty.Do yourself a favor , select a different smoke alarm and sleep soundly at night .
 I purchased two of these to replace aging alarms in my townhouse . Within a month , both the upstairs alarm and the one in the basement started sounding false alarms . I was forced to remove both units and am looking for a replacement .
 Even after replacing all the 9V batteries in the string , one of the five units would not stop chirping . No answers on internet help sites , but lots of people reported same problem .
 Just as others have complained , our smoke alarms go off every few months ... even with brand new batteries . Each time , they 've gone off in the middle of the night , anywhere from 2 am to 4:45 am . Simply removing the battery does not work ; we have to disconnect the unit from the wiring . Do not waste your money!BTW ... I gave the rating one star only because Amazon wo n't allow you to give it zero stars .
 We just bought a brand new home and our builder had installed these as smoke alarms . After 3 weeks of moving in , the alarms started going off for a few seconds at a time . There was no smoke and we were n't even cooking anything at the time . We checked the battery and even replaced them , but still , nothing . The noise is annoying ! Gives me headaches ! Please avoid these if you can !
 We have a duplex that had major alterations in 2006 using seven Model 1276 in both units -LRB- 2 in one unit and 5 in the other wired in two separate series -RRB- . We have had several nuisance -- false -- alarms -LRB- many in the middle of the night and currently writing this review at 3:15 AM -RRB- during the past six years but both units have had increasing false alarms this summer . Replaced 5 year guaranteed batteries -LRB- Duracell Coppertop -RRB- and cleaned with vacuum per instructions for alarms in one unit to see if that was the problem , but had another false alarm two hours later -LRB- 3 the night before -RRB- . Do not purchase this Model and not quite sure why this averages 3 stars when over 25 % of the reviews claim the same problem . Replacing all of them will be very expensive -LRB- approximately $ 30-35 each -RRB- since the new building code now requires combination carbon monoxide/smoke detectors .
 This is a powered smoke detector , but it still has to have the battery replaced yearly . Even after replacing the battery it sometimes chirps randomly . I had the alarm trip on one of them when there was no smoke anywhere . This detector is no good .
 Ive been putting up with the false alarms for 3yrs and Ive had enough ! They always seem to go off in the wee hours of th morning . Today ... 4am ! I 've tried the holding of the button for 30 sec w/the batteries out and unplugged trick ... one of them silenced . They did fit real nicely in my trash can though . For that , it earned 1 star . Another trick that you can try to silence them is to vacuum the sides . They are so sensitive that the dust on the sensors appeared to have set them off . That worked for 3yrs but not anymore .
 These were installed in our house when we bought it about 3.5 years ago . We 've had several issues with them and the final straw was when the one in our bedroom went off for no reason at 3am a couple weeks ago . It was a very rude awakening . However , it took it a few years to do it , so I 'm rating it a 2/5 , but it makes me wonder if it ever worked in the first place .
 These alarms are so bad . They have kept me and my 5 children up many nights scared to go to bed at the anticipation of another false alarm - and major adrenaline rush . FYI - do n't do what I did and try to smash it down if you did purchase it - it has radioactive material inside the metal chamber . I had 12 of these in my house and high ceilings - please , please do n't make the same mistake !
 In an average individual 's life , thousands of products and services are purchased and used . In my experience I can think of none - none - which is more poorly designed than Kidde alarms . They have terrified my children and robbed me and my wife of sleep for the last time . The only hypothesis I can imagine for such a miserable company continuing to exist is that the majority of their revenue is derived from electricians or home builders who make the purchase decision ... instead of the homeowners who then suffer for it . Whether it is a low battery or false alarm , the response from the Kidde alarms is to blow out eardrums -LRB- I know enough about statistics to know that it is incredibly improbable that this happens while the kids are in bed EVERY TIME , and usually at 3 am , i.e. I believe they 're doing this on purpose -RRB- , be unsilenceable barring tearing the battery and hardwiring ... ok - I 've vented enough . I no longer have the urge to find , beat , and defecate upon members of Kidde `` engineers '' ... much -LRB- My ears are still ringing , btw -RRB- . The Pinto has nothing on these POSs . My advice ? Short the stock , grab your pitchforks and torches -LRB- with the way they fail so miserably in the absence of flame , I 'm sure they wo n't hear us coming -RRB- , and set your robodialers , air horns , and klaxons , upon the Kidde executives now , and until they give up on electronics .
 It 's 2am and my alarm is chirping for no reason in my bedroom !! It threw me out of bed and caused my dogs to go crazy . This is n't the first time this has happened and being new homeowner we always thought something was going on in the house - never did I think it could be faulty alarms !!! It 's not do to batteries either ! We have been replacing them non-stop ! They always go off at the worse possible time too - when we are sleeping and often around 3am !!! In july we had a false alarm at 3am and had to evacuate all 6 of our dogs out of the house and call the fire department to figure out what was going on - they came and said it was nothing !! Of course we were leaving for vacation that morning so for piece of mind we had to hire a different dog sitter to live in our home of a week and not leave just in case it was something more serious . Based on other reviews 3am appears to be the magic # !! Had I not googled the alarm for the manual I would have never seen all these reviews and I would have continued to live with these awful alarms !!! I will be replacing all of them asap ! Way too many sleepless nights to count and tonight is yet another one to add to the list . If you enjoy being startled out of bed at all odd hours of the night than this is the product for you !! My alarms only 2.5 yrs old !! By the time I finished writing this review the alarm just stopped chirping-literally !
 Our electrician installed 4 of these in our new home a couple of years ago . A couple of weeks ago they all went off at 1 am . We ignored it for a while and it stopped . Then it went off again at 2 am . We pulled out the ladder to get to the 14 foot ceilings , and disconnected them . The next day we replaced all the batteries . One week later we went through the same fire drill in the middle of the night . I 'm going to find a different brand !
 Just had to join in the complaining about these alarms as I am in a state of sleep deprived frustration after last nights alarm symphony.If you enjoy piercing screams awakening you to a feeling of sheer panic in the middle of the night periodically then this is for you.If not stay far away.The only good thing I can say about them is that if they do in fact work during an actual fire the alarm is so screechy it would wake you for sure ... maybe even the neighbors .
 False alarm at 3 AM . Next day the other one started going off . Then both . Replaced both batteries and the things will not shut up . Tried to reset them . They ruined our dinner party and I still ca n't hear out of my one ear since trying to reset while up on a ladder . And now my quiet night at home is over . Absolutely hate them and do n't know why electrician installed them . He must have made a bundle . Ripping them out .
 Not sure why this happens - I do n't buy Kidde 's claim that it 's the power companies making changes to their voltage during the evenings - but my Kidde i12060 false alarms in the middle of the night , sending my sleeping sons into a panic . Do n't get me wrong , I 'd rather him wake then sleep through an `` alarm '' - even a false alarm . The problem is more the story of the smoke detctpr that cried wolf . Now my family has been conditioned that the alarms mean nothing . thanks Kidde!Date of manufacture 2007 Apr. 24
 Let 's cut to the chase
 The alarm constantly chirps every 30 - 40 seconds . It indicates a low battery but , a fresh battery makes no difference . I ca n't live with constant chirping and do n't trust it to work anyway . It only lasted about 18 months . Do n't buy this model and/or brand . It 's junk .
 Bought a brand new house with the Kidde i12060 hardwired in , first one started giving us a problem and now one by one the others are starting to fail also . We have changed batteries but they randomly chirp or occasionally one will repeatedly chirp . I 've permanently removed three from the wall now which is not ideal . I definately would not buy one of these sytems and hope to find a more reliable type . from other reviews I have seen this is not a product anyone should buy .
 I purchashed 4 of these lights to use in my garage . Installed them and not ONE of them worked properly ! It is a heated garage -LRB- 70 * -RRB- . Very cheaply made and may have bad ballasts . I spent more in time and gas than these lights are worth . Got the equivalent Lithonia brand they work great !
 I am having the worst luck finding a shop light in the $ 10 price ranch that will work properly . I tried Utilitech , Lithonia , and now American Fluorescent . It 's like it is the same junk with different names . I bought two , both would not light at first ... I tried different bulbs and I got flickering lights with one and one flickering light with the other ... then the one flickering light stop working all together . I do n't know what is going on , but these low cost light fixtures are junk .
 This was a gift for a child and to be frank , it 's kind of cheap but it 'll do for them .
 I bought this cordless tool for its weight , size , and flexibility . Power , when it worked , was OK . Unfortunately the battery life is poor and the rechargeable cartridges lose their charge quickly so I 'm continually stuck with a dead drill -- not a good thing after low-crawling to the far end of an attic to drill a couple of holes drive a couple of screws ... I 'm finally considering it a loss , and am off to research consumer sources for a more reliable , longer-life tool ...
 Evidently the sensor area on this detector gets dirty very easily , and once it is dusty/dirty it 's starts to beep . You can clean it out with canned air , but it 's still annoying how unprotected the sensor area is .
 The design is great with the front loading battery and the hush button . The thing hung on the family room ceiling for two years , standing guard , silently . Then it began to beep , announcing the need for a new battery , which is promptly got . But it still beeped . I cleaned it out with canned compressed air , and it still beeped . Then I threw it away .
 I did n't read closely enough to see that it does n't actually come WITH a mug . Had trouble getting it to fit snugly on mugs I already had . Only works on smaller ones .
 I tried using this but poked myself in the eye with a pencil . I fail to see the use of it .
 Almost purchased this item until I realized that I was going to pay twice as much in shipping and handling as I would for the mug boss . The Mug Boss is cute but that is n't funny .
 It 's not big enough for most coffee cups and if it happens to fit , then there 's not enough room in the mini-pockets for more than one pen or nail clip . It 's nowhere as roomy , practical or space-saving as its picture and description would suggest . A real disapointment !
 So , i have the dewalt 18v cordless saw w / lithium batteries , brand new ... i made a few 2x4 cuts and some 1/2-inch ply wood cuts and this blade started smoking the wood ... it is a terrible blade.The 18tooth blade is terrible ... and so is this 24tooth ... . just as bad ... I actually bought this 24t blade and returned it ... i thought maybe i just wore it out too fast ... not the case ... dewalt has a horrible product they put their name on.I was looking for a replacement here on amazon . I found the Freud 24tooth blade for $ 10 shipped w / amazon prime ... WOW - the Freud Blade is AMAZING ... . Do not waste your money with this dewalt saw blade if you 're making many cuts in any wood ... I ca n't believe dewalt has made such a horrible product with their name on it ... I know its the blade that came with the saw , and its the starter blade ... but to only make a few cuts is terrible !!!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS BLADE
 So , i have the dewalt 18v cordless saw w / lithium batteries , brand new ... i made a few 2x4 cuts and some 1/2-inch ply wood cuts and this blade started smoking the wood ... it a terrible blade . I was looking for a replacement here on amazon . I found the Freud 24tooth blade for $ 10 shipped w / amazon prime ... WOW - the Freud Blade is AMAZING ... . Do not waste your money with this dewalt saw blade ... I ca n't believe dewalt has made such a horrible product with their name on it ... I know its the blade that came with the saw , and its the starter blade ... but to only make a few cuts is terrible !!!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS BLADE
 I purchased two of these for my business and be warned that the METRIC measurements are what are visible when you measure based upon how the clip is positioned at the end of the tape . They are worthless to me since I do n't use metric measurements . Never occurred to me to check this and it was a waste of money .
 I have a similar lamp without the magnifier . But mine has the same body construction , which is awful . The body is swing arm is made of plastic and breaks easily . I 'm very handy and tried to repair it a couple times ; but it 's just beyond repair . The light itself is great . But without an arm to keep the light in the air , it 's just a piece of junk . It 's not very helpful if your light is at the same height as the lamp base -- what a waste of money !
 First of all , this is about as cheap that you can get interms of quality . The plastic is very flimsy . The adhesive quality is not sufficient to support a towel . It would cost me more to ship it back for return that it would to simply throw it in the trash , where it is now -RRB- . You are better off throwing your towel over the shower curtain rod than trying to use this .
 The product was given a `` F '' by my customer . Would not stand up to installation .
 I ordered the the bucket boss parachute bag but received some kind of roll up pouch for wrenches , etc. . I 'm going to try to put it to use but disappointed I did n't get the parachute bag .
 I use this bag with assorted lengths of decking screws , so it carries roughly 10lbs of screws at a time . Even with this amount of weight the closure system does n't work right . Meanwhile , the cheaper `` chutes '' bag works flawlessly . Save your pennies and buy the older style .
 You can find something better at your local office supply for less money.It 's made almost entirely of plastic -LRB- light weight plastic at that -RRB- . It fits the clamp-on base so tightly that you would need to wrench the base down to keep it from swiveling with the lamp.As for the `` achrylic lens '' , read `` warped plastic '' . It 's so full of distortions that you 'd probably get a headache from using it.It 's fine if you want a sexy looking lamp to accent your desk , but if you 're looking for a practical lamp you can work with this one is wanting.I 'm not usually so critical , but after shopping around I 've found that if I pay a bit more I get a bit more quality . That premise failed me this time.I gave it a star because , after all , the lamp works .
 I received this as a gift , I 'd always trusted the Stanley name . But it STINKS . It 's worse than having nothing , as it arbitrarily beeps and never does in the same place twice ; so you end up with either a false sense of information or totally confused . I 've used this on easy drywall -LRB- 1/2 '' , 3/4 '' -RRB- and it is horrible every time -LRB- even when I built the wall and knew exactly where the studs were , it did n't work right -RRB- . I 'm pretty mechanically inclined . Do not spend a dime on this , and certainly not $ 30 -- I 've had $ 12 models that work far better . Stanley Tools , you should be ashamed , you really laid a log this time .
 After spending a '' '' `` LOT '' '' '' of time trying to figure out the flaky readings . . I would proceed to drill or cut holes in the wrong place about 40-50 percent of the time -LRB- might as well fricking guess to get the same result quicker -RRB- . . The three stanleys I found on amazon all had the worst reviews I have ever seen for any product . . I cant believe I didint think to look here years ago -LRB- to see if other people were having the same problem -RRB- . . It will be a very long time before I buy '' '' `` ANY '' '' '' stanley product again . . I am holding STANLEY responsible , because STANLEY should not have put such a piece of crap on the market -LRB- I am now suspect of everything stanley -RRB- . .
 Because most of my walls are plaster , I ordered the most expensive stud finder , the Stanley 77-220 . At first it gave contradictory readings , and later I found that it could not find studs reliably even in a new wall with 1/2 '' drywall . After I tried to use it for a while , I left it on a table . Later , I heard it beeping and figured I had forgotten to turn it off . I turned it off , and it turned itself back on . It did this several times , and I finally pulled the battery out . Another time , it turned itself off while I was using it . My sense is that Stanley 's quality has slipped in recent years.I was in the middle of a project , and so I bought a Zircon 3.0 stud finder ... It performed perfectly on drywall and reasonably well on plaster , even though it makes no claim to work through plaster . I also found it simpler and easier to use than the Stanley.The bottom line
 I purchased the Stanley Intellisensor Pro electronic stud finder before I checked the product reviews on the Internet . Now I wish I would have looked at the reviews first , then I would have chosen a different brand.The unit is not `` auto calibrating '' . Each time you turn it on , you need to calibrate it . You have to put it against the wall , then turn it on . You need to hold it completely still until the green light flashes , then move it around on the wall until the green light flashes and you hear a long beep . OK -- now you can begin using it.The stud finder did work , but it was inconsistent in the readings and not always accurate . It is also somewhat clumsy to hold on to.After I was through using it , I turned it off as per the instructions . Several minutes later , it had turned itself back on and was beeping away . I removed the battery for a couple of minutes , then put it back in . The unit was off . So I went to bed , and just as I was falling asleep I heard it beeping in the other room . I could n't believe it ! So I got up , and sure enough the lights were flashing on it and it was beeping . That was enough for me . I took the battery back out , and I plan to return it to the store for exchange or refund.Maybe the unit I got was just a `` dud '' . But I personally would n't buy this model .
 To begin this product did NOT satisfy my needs in locating studs . I purchased this product and found it to be inconsistent in locating studs accurately . Ever time I re-caled the device I got different results . In addition the handling of the unit was awkward and not comfortable . I felt that metal locating and AC locating was also inaccurate . Due to this product I have 3 extra holes in my walls at home .
 I wish I had read the forum before buying one . It seems I am not alone.This device appears to be completely useless in every application I have tried . It 's only possible function is to run down 9v batteries . -LRB- And yes , I read the manual -RRB- . Stanley really should know better .
 Not only is this product time consuming -LRB- you have to calibrate the unit each time it 's turned on -RRB- , it 's also mostly innacurate . After trying the product four our five times , I wound up only with holes in my walls , no studs.Buy this product , and make sure you have plenty of drywall anchors around your house !
 Bought it , but had lots of problems . Live wire detection was extremely sensitive
 The Stanely 's Intellisensor Pro is absolutely useless piece of junk . Since the time I bought I could not get it to detect any stud . Initially , I thought that I was not using it correctly so I asked several other people to use it . All of them came with the same disappointing results . Then a serach on internet revealed that almost all the people bought had the same results . What is disconcerting is that Stanley has not done a single thing to resolve this issue . Shame on Stanley . Next time , I will not be that trusting of Stanley tools .
 Amazon could do us a favor by pulling this product . My unit was unable to find a single stud . It did n't seem to matter if the wall was insulated or not , the result was the same . The wire finder would occasionally go off , but not in consistent places . From the other reviews , it looks like I 'm not alone .
 To begin this product did NOT satisfy my needs in locating studs . I purchased this product and found it to be inconsistent in locating studs accurately . Ever time I re-caled the device I got different results . In addition the handling of the unit was awkward and not comfortable . I felt that metal locating and AC locating was also inaccurate . Due to this product I have 3 extra holes in my walls at home . I returned the device and purchased a MetalliScanner by Zircon . I found that product to work much better .
 I was very excited to get this ruler from my kids for Father 's Day . However , I 've been struggling with it for two months and have given up using it , with much disappointment . The problems :1 . You must turn on the ruler almost every time you pull out the blade . It only stays on for two minutes and then it automatically shuts down , and thus you must press the start button again . This is a nuisance .2 . The display is on the * side * of the ruler , not the top . So , you can only see the display if you pull the ruler in the direction that keeps the side near you . As a left I found it was on the opposite side of the direction I typically draw my ruler .3 . The memory function makes no sense . One would think there would be three or four separate memories to store multiple measurements before you go back to your workbench , right ? But the memory is actually cumulative
 It does n't matter what kind of functions this tape has , there is one major problem with it - it is too big and heavy . I have the largest sized hands of anyone I know , and I could barely hold on to it with one hand without dropping it ... let alone using the thing . Prepare to grow a third arm if you are going to order it , two arms to hold the thing , and a third to operate the tape . The pictures are very decieving . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 It was much too big and bulky , was n't all that accurate , not worth the $ 's ... We went back to the trusty regular metal type rule that works every time !
 I am in the window treatment business and use for measuring for blinds , shades , etc. . I find that the buttons for inside/outside , midpoint and others can easily be touched and change the measurement . I have to constantly check the mode before and after taking the measurement , its quite annoying and I have made more mistakes this than with standard measuring tape . Also , the size of the case does not allow pocketing or placing in most tool belts , but on the other hand , it does n't hide easily .
 I was really disappointed with these lamps . The sensors never worked right and one lamp died completely . The point of having the lamp is for the light sensor and yet it did n't even work . I have been stuck now with 2 lamps the do n't work at all but they look nice . I would not recomend
 extremely cheap and poorly made set . the socket wrench is awful . the directional knob comes out when twister either direction , the ratcheting screwdriver is wobbly and not worth using , and the case does not hold the allen or bit sets tightly . very disappointed in this .
 Not very happy with tools . Hammer is small and was bent . All tools feel like cheap Chinese metal . Good kit for a kid .
 I have n't had much luck with this sensor.May be it works fine in drywall only . My house has old-fashioned drywall that is half layer plaster and half layer cement . It did work once in a while . I followed the instructions though ! .
 So , i have the dewalt 18v cordless saw w / lithium batteries , brand new ... i made a few 2x4 cuts and some 1/2-inch ply wood cuts and this blade started smoking the wood ... it is a terrible blade.The 18tooth blade is terrible ... and so is the 24tooth ... . just as bad ... I actually bought this pack and returned it ... i thought maybe i just wore it out too fast ... not the case ... dewalt has a horrible product they put their name on.I was looking for a replacement here on amazon . I found the Freud 24tooth blade for $ 10 shipped w / amazon prime ... WOW - the Freud Blade is AMAZING ... . Do not waste your money with this dewalt saw blade ... I ca n't believe dewalt has made such a horrible product with their name on it ... I know its the blade that came with the saw , and its the starter blade ... but to only make a few cuts is terrible !!!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS BLADE
 I purchased this stud finder at Walmart for 5-6 bucks less in year 2000 . It gave me rather good results and I was able to find studs behind sheetrock most of the time . It helped me to find around 10-12 studs . Just recently , I tried to use it and it gives me erronous , inconsistent results . Things did not improve when I installed new battery -LRB- original battery did not leak -RRB- . Originally , this item would get 4 stars -LRB- even though 3.5 would be more appropriate -RRB- but now it is 2 star product to me.I will not buy any Stanley tools - anyway most of them are made in Taiwan and cost not much less than Craftsman tools made in the USA . They are other companies , which make tools in Taiwan and those tools cost less than Stanley -LRB- I am not talking about stuf finders but about hand tools in general -RRB- .
 I did n't like it when I bought it - so inconsistent when using it - I just will not trust it 's `` findings '' . I 've had it a couple of years and went to use it again just to pinpoint `` power '' and it still sucks !!
 This Stanley stud sensor did not find the studs in my garage.For any given horizontal scan path at constant slow speed , I would get different results over the same patheach time I used this sensor . In other words , it was worthless .
 Do n't waste your money on this item . It will try your patience and drive your crazy . It is much faster and accurate to drive a small nail in the wall until you find the stud .
 We purchased two of these lights for paintings in our living room . When they were installed we could not believe how badly they lit the artworks . The only lit the top 1/6 of the paintings - actually mostly the wall immediately above the art , even when we trained them down as instructed . There were 5 small bulbs , in the size we bought , and rather then give an overall even lighting , they showed 5 separate spots of light . The light quality itself was unpleasant and it strained your eyes to look at the paintings . When we bought them the dealer said that they were non-returnable . Now we understand why . They must have had so many returns that they had to make that policy . Rather then give them away and inflict them on someone else , we threw them out in spite of the rather expensive price . We understood that The House of Troy has been in business for a long time and has a good reputation , so we were quite shocked .
 I found that when I tried to adjust the micrometer , the top nut would unscrew causing the internal spring to shoot across the garage . After much frustration I was able to torque the lug nuts . A week later when I went to check the lug nuts I had the same problem . Finally the wrench stopped clicking . The company never replied to my message . I got a gift card from Amazon and a healthy dislike for Cal-Tech .
 I wanted more light in my dorm room and bought this lamp . The package arrived missing a part that was necessary to install the lamp shade , so I had to send it back for an exchange . I got a package that had all the parts but after I set it up , the lamp started tilting to one side . On one occasion , I touched the lamp pole and accidentally knocked the lamp over and all the lightbulbs shattered . This lamp is not very stable . The lamp shades get VERY hot -LRB- unbearable to touch -RRB- . Also , keep in mind that the lamp you get wo n't look like the one shown on Amazon . The one I got was more of a dark grey , not the shiny light grey shown in the picture . I was very disappointed with this purchase . It is definitely not worth the money .
 I purchased this item to assist me with the wiring of CAT 5 cable throughout my home . Unfortunately however the device was n't able to determine a crossed wire . I had alot of troubles with the crossed wire port . So I borrowed a more advanced system from work - it was able to determine the issue . I was a little disappointed . I would say however that the device would work really well for just ensure that ports map . But leave it to the advanced equipment for intense troubleshooting .
 one of the head screws went missing after a week and i ca n't find a replacement anywhere ... just waiting for the other one to pop out and then i 'm screwed ... no pun intended ...
 The product , a torque wrench , arrived in pieces , not in one piece as desired . It was not a produce meant to be assembled by the user . I was supposed to come put together . I wrote a letter of complaint and still have n't received a reply . What am I suppose to do with it ? How does it go together ? Are all the pieces there ? Where are the instructions ? I 've done business with you folks before and I 've always been content , but I do n't think I 'll order anything from you again because you do n't back up your products . I 'm very , very , very unhappy and now I have a expensive paper weight ! Not good ! Not good at all !
 looks like they took a junky torque wrench and put Neiko on it . Their older wrenches were good but this is like the wrenches you get for 10 $ at harbor freight stores .
 Cheaply made , the `` click '' action is vague and sloppy , and now it appears to be completely shot , and I only used it once . I would never trust this on any critical fasteners ... could do a better job judging by hand.Should have put the 20 bucks towards a better quality item . My mistake .
 As received , the torque wrench was so badly out of calibration that it was totally useless . The torque settings on the wrench produced torques almost twice as high as the indicated values over the entire torque range . In addition , reproducibility was so poor that I was even unable to make a ` correction ' table . Fortunately I discovered the problem before using the wrench or I would have surely stripped out the fasteners . The wrench appears to be a knock-off of the high quality ` Snap-On ' wrench which is available on-line for ~ $ 135 . Do n't waste your money on this product - buy the ` Snap-On ' tool .
 mine worked great when new but when I went to use it a year later the torque setting had frozen and I broke a $ 75 pair of rings over torquing them . you get what you pay for ...
 I just received mine , and it does n't have ANY markings for inch pounds . It 's marked in Newton Meters on one side and Kilogram meters on the other . I guess I could do the conversions , but I 'm not incliuned to . It 's going back . And the enclosed literature is for a 10-150 Ft-Lb wrench .
 This tool was rather poorly manufactured -LRB- China -RRB- , the numbers were very difficult to read and was not in inch-pounds but newton meters with no conversion table . Instructions on how to use it also nonexistant .
 I have read many of the other reviews , but I do n't share their satisfaction . I bought the saw about a year ago , I use it weekly . The fence has not been as stable , straight , or consistant as I would have hoped . The table only has one slot , so my tenoning jig does n't work properly . I agree the sliding table is very heavy , it is also difficult to align and mine is not very flat . The sliding table is not worth the extra money . I would put a few hundred extra into a cabinet saw and pass on this one in the future .
 This the third `` review '' on this product for me . I have read and shared much on the yahoo super saw user group forum . Before spending over $ 1000 go there to make an informed decision . The day of my second review I had started what ended up to be a three week wait for a replacement timing belt that is integral to raising/lowering the blade . I think a lot of that wait belong to Amazon now that the dust has settled from that experience . With that warranty repair part I gained access to two key 800 type numbers at WMH tool group , the parent of Jet , Powermatic , etc. . FYI Amazon purchasers - warranty parts for Jet machines have to be enacted by Amazon . Then Amazon gets WMH Tool Group to ship . This seems a bit convoluted to me , but it is important to someone at Amazon because WMH tells me it is in the contract Amazon.You can also note on the Yahoo info source a copied comment from WMH stating that problems with the fence are acknowledged , but at this date , when a fix is defined , upgrade parts will available for purchase . -LRB- BTW - anyyone out there able to charge $ to their customers for errors on their part ? - Just wondering if I 'm doing some strinkin thinkin ? -RRB- My fence is now exibiting a new problem - perhaps it takes time to wear in - or out - you define . I lock the fence , and begin ripping , and all of a sudden I am ripping a new number - usually wider . Todate this has n't caused big problems , but sometimes I use high $ $ wood , and the profit margin will take a hit if I have to start over . I 've read about the fence deflecting , and mine does , but I do n't see a problem from this . The handle did break , but that problem is quickly obviously , BUT locking in a `` number '' and then discovering its changed is a SERIOUS surprise . Lets hope Jet can make this product live up to the name give it - SUPER .
 There were a couple of features that attracted me to this unit like the built in dust-collection and the circle sanding . However , so far I am disappointed with the unit . It has severe run out on the disc -LRB- 3/64in . -RRB- on the outside edge . Powermatic sent me a new disc and it is almost as bad . Still waiting to hear from them . I purchased this unit because it was a Powermatic and expected the quality to be set to a higher standard .
 I am awaiting the shipment of number 3 . The first arived damaged in shipment and missing a bunch of parts . The packaging was in such bad shape it could n't be reused . Number 2 the box was in great shape but the sanding face plate had a good 1/4 '' bend in it . So I took the 2 and made one . Well it lasted about an hour and the motor started making noise and shaking . Sure hope the third time is the charm . If not I will get a Grizzly .
 I ordered the Jet DC-1100CK from Amazon on 10/18/06 . I bought it because my old 1 HP Delta bag type dust collector only filtered down to 30 microns , and allowed a film of fine dust to settle throughout my basement shop.It was shipped from Jet and delivered on 11/14/06 in 2 large boxes , both in good condition . The next day when I opened the boxes to assemble it , I discovered that the impeller housing was crushed . It was apparent that this was because the very heavy motor was attached to , and resting atop , the impeller housing . I called Jet and was told they would send me a new impeller housing that day , and I should have it `` in a couple of days '' . On Dec 27 I had n't received it , so I called Jet again . This time I received the new housing in 2 days , with no charge.Assembly was easy , and the unit was operating in about 1.5 hrs , including replacing the impeller housing . The dust collector works very well , with no leaks evident , and seems to solve the dust problem in my shop.I would rate the unit itself as 5 stars , but Jet 's poor packaging , long delivery , and slow response to my problem cut my overall rating to 2 stare . I really miss Woodworkers Warehouse . I would have paid a little more , but gotten great service from my local store .
 I just got mine delivered after waiting 3 1/2 weeks . The box was undamaged but the impeller housing is crushed . I 'm very disappointed in the shipping and will have amazon send another , which will take another 3-4 weeks : -LRB- Just got the second one 11/16/06 . Every thing looks good . It only took about an hour to assemble . Run great , only a small leak where it is spot welded . I will fix it with caulking . I noticed that it was shipped directly from the factory .
 I bought this dust collection system because it works great . I 've seen it in other shops and meets all my needs . The boxes arrived undamaged , but the dust canister inside the box had a one foot by one foot by 4 '' dent . Getting a replacement from Amazon has been a nightmare . Next time , I buy my equipment from a local supplier , pay a few dollars more and avoid much grief !
 My problem is not with the dust collector as it was never shipped . Even now , the description says that it usally ships in 1-2 weeks . I ordered this item on Dec 12 and was told to expect it by Dec 29th . As that date approached , I requested an updated status . The response cane from someone in India . Apparently Amazon is one of those companies that have sent US jobs offshore . In any case , they have since changed my delivery date to the end of Jan !!! I have cancelled my order and , after many years of dealing with Amazon , I will no longer return . I ca n't stand to see these companies sending our jobs overseas so that their CEO 's can have more & more while the lower & middle class keeps loosing .
 I , like the other one star reviewer , do not have issue with the DC , but rather Amazon . two and a half weeks after I orderd it I got notice that it is delayed until the end of January or beginning of February . I would take my business to Western Tool Supply , where it 's cheaper , but I 'm using certificates . I guess I 'm SOL and covered in saw dust for another month .
 ANY woodworking motor with no overload protection is a risk not worth taking . No excuse for Jet to make , or anyone to sell such a machine . If you are more than an arms length from the OFF button , or your reflexes are not as `` trigger-finger '' as they once were -- well , good luck . Less than two hours of total use over a several year period -LRB- yeah , out of warranty -RRB- and my $ 800 investment is now worth less than $ 400 . Saw needs no less than 2 or 3 hp . -LRB- with OVERLOAD PROTECTION -RRB- to warrant purchase . Otherwise , is it a good machine ? I do n't know . Mine did n't last long enough to judge . Good luck .
 I agree with all the good things said about this saw 's power , smoothness , and quietness . BUT ... the odd blade size means you 'll pay more and have to special order - that 's takes time.But the real killer design flaw in this machine is the lower guide arrangement . It 's virtually inaccesible , even with the special hex wrench Jet gives you -LRB- lose that puppy and you 're SOL -RRB- . The guide wheels secure with thumbscrews that an average hand ca n't reach without mangling your flesh , and there 's so little room you ca n't wear gloves . The guide base flops all around and is hard to see and almost impossible to align properly . I 've been using bandsaws for 40 years - so I KNOW it need n't take half an hour to change a blade , then another half hour to readjust it over and over.If you change blades often , stay away !
 I have really enjoyed having this sander up until the last few days . It began making a very loud noise -LRB- so loud you must wear ear protection just to be in the same room -RRB- . It appears to me that a bearing at the disc end of the drive is going out , and after less than six hours total use . I 've had this machine just over two years , most of which its just been sitting in my heated/air conditioned shop . The noise abates only very occasionally when a work-piece is being pressed up against it . I checked my warranty and as you 'd guess it 's lapsed . I really do n't get why Jet has different length warranties on these big tools of theirs , this was a year , some are 3 or 5 years . Anyway , this should not be happening on a little-used tool two years into its life . Otherwise , no complaints , losts of power , you could sand a six foot 2X4 to saw dust in less than five minutes with this beast . The disc itself is flat and true , no wobble at all . I purchased this sander through Amazon , but it was shipped from Jet . If I knew then what I know now I 'd buy someone else 's machine . This thing weighs over 100 pounds and it 's all I can do to lift it , I do n't look forward to getting and moving another -LRB- UPS wo n't be looking forward to it either -RRB- . This item should be shipped only by a carrier prepared to handle really heavy machines , but Jet used UPS . And it 's packed in a box that 's little bigger than the unit itself , with much less than sufficient packing material for a heavy unit being shipped through UPS . If you do n't mind noise -LRB- 100 + dB 's -RRB- , and the likelihood that this sander will lock up when the bearing finally goes out , then go ahead and buy it . Hope this helps .
 I have had mine for less than two years and used it for making pens . The bearings are shot . It makes a tremendous noise at start up . I have to firmly tap on the brake to get it to stop . I bought the jet because of there reputation . All my other tools are Jet and love them .
 Ordered despite the warnings about the inadequate packaging . When the sander arrived , I was quite hopeful that this on had escaped damage as the box was in reasonable condition , with only the wear you would expect from such a hefty package . No such luck . When the bx was opened and I inspected the sander , one of the bottom cast-iron feet was broken , and the missing piece was nowhere to be found . I will be obtaining a replacement locally , naturally at a higher price .
 they said the saw was ready for shipping , and after numeruos calls we finally received it in 4 weeks.The shipping was horrible-ABF claimed they were sending a truck with a lift.The driver calls 15 min . before he gets here and tells me I need a fork lift.The setup was ok at first , untill you put a real blade that cuts in it , then all the problems begin.Jet claims it will accept a 1 1/2 '' blade as long as you do n't mind spending 4 hours trying to set it up , and then find out it rubs on the frame.The motor is mounted on a plate that is to small for the weight of the motor , which seems to help in the vibration!I 've had the saw about 4 months and nothing but problems.Two of the lower bearings are going bad.The dust collection design is horrible.Jet says that most things are factory adjusted , then you find out about every thing on it is misaligned or just plain loose ! The bottom line is if you have a lot of time on your hands for fixing and adjusting , this is the saw for you.Whoever engineered this saw should actually test their design and see how flawed it is !!!
 Mine came with all the parts , but the paint chips off with little effort , closer inspection it 's clear there 's no primer on the metal and the metal is rusted where the paint peeled.The stand seems solid enough , mine does n't vibrate but I would n't be surprised if others had problems . I left every screw super loose until I could mount the sander and level the legs . It was helpful to attach the sander sideways as you 'll never be able to do it from the top.I would look for an alternative , something mobile would be nice as now I 'd like to move it from where I put it together .
 Seems to be good quality but does not come with any bolts to assemble the stand .
 UPDATE : We 've had this showerhead for a few months . At one point , we turned the water on and absolutely nothing , not a drop , came out . We messed with it , took it down , took it apart , still nothing . Apparently some kind of regulator in there had about a millimeter and that blocked all water flow . We had to pull really hard on the whole thing to kind of stretch it out and it worked again . Now a few weeks later it 's freaking out again and water is coming out intermittently and an O-ring keeps coming off while showering . My new review title is what I just heard yelled from the bathroom . This item is nowhere near the quality of the original . Avoid it.Original review : Bought this to upgrade and replace a much older version of this showerhead . Great product , good quality , excellent water pressure . Love the flexible hose !
 I bought this after seeing my dad 's shower head , Its a damn shame that I spent so much money on this to just be ticked off when it quit working in 3 days . For some reason the water flow became restricted to a trickle . I removed the filter thinking that was the problem , I blew compressed air into it trying to unplug it . Nothing worked . I know what I 'm doing because my job is plumbing . DO N'T BUY THIS . Bad design . It may look like it has a big hose to the head , but its actually a very small tube inside a plastic jointed snake . Rip Off !
 This showerhead has a great flow to it . I liked the look and the ease of the flex it had . But ... the thing leaked water from not only where it attaches to the water pipe , it also leaked all around the head . We tried tightening everything and followed all instructions , but it still leaked . We have an old Waterpik flex showerhead that we loved . It was getting old and so I thought to replace it with this new one . Still have the old one , soaked it in vinigar and water and cleaned it real well , put it back on and it works perfect . Do n't waste your money on this newer model !
 I 've used Waterpiks since the late 1980 's and this is the worst piece of junk ever.Pros
 I ca n't review this product 's intended performance because I could not install it in the first place ! The threading -LRB- in what the manual refers to as the nut -RRB- , by which the product affixes onto the shower pipe , was so frail that it began to disintegrate as I was trying to screw it on . The dang thing just could n't make a firm attachment . I 've successfully installed many similar showerheads before and was by no means using excessive force . Alas , this product seems very poorly made , unlike older versions which I was quite happy with -LRB- and had hoped to replace -RRB- .
 Broke the first day i used it . Not worth the trouble of returning it . Went to Home Depot and bought a different brand .
 I bought this tool 3 weeks ago , the first one did not work outside -LRB- in the sun , temp 82f -RRB- for more than 5 to 10 min. , Amazon sent me another one , and it did the same thing . I called PC and they said `` they have removed this laser from the market because of this problem '' . I am not happy and have returned both , however my job have suffered greatly because of lost time and due to PC not informing Amazon of this . I have informed Amazon of this , I see the produce is still being sold .
 I purchased this laser level a couple of weeks ago from Amazon . I was expecting a quality Porter Cable product . I must say I am extremely disappointed with this level . The unit is extremely flimsy . The battery compartment lid is designed so poorly that it pops open if you look at it wrong . This is a defective design - perhaps the reason PC discontinued it . What a dreadful disappointment . I have sent this unit back to Amazon for a refund , but unfortunately I ate the return shipping cost !
 My wife bought this saw for me as a gift which I recieved sometime about February 2003 . I was so excited when I uncrated the saw , set it up , and cut my first piece of wood . It looked and worked great for about 3 weeks . Then abruptly the blade would not raise or lower any more , a broken timing belt . I contacted Amazon who informed me that the part was on backorder for several weeks . About 3 weeks later I recieved the part . I contacted a Jet service representative who assured me that I could replace it myself with a minimum amount of time and effort . About 2 hours later , after dissasembling the entire timing gear/shaft assembly , I realized the drive gear is cracked . Again I contacted Amazon who referred me to Jet . I waited an infinite amount of time on hold with Jet , who four calls later , referred me to a repair facility in my area . The repair facility ordered parts and one month later my timing gear assembly was repaired . I reinstalled it on my saw and it would bind and jerk when it is turned . I contacted the facility who then told me to contact Jet . Jet said they would send a technician to my shop . A half dozen phone calls and three weeks later my saw was repaired again . Next the sliding miter fence would not pivot and the screws that held the face plate on vanished -LRB- they were remove during the previous repairs -RRB- . Again I contacted the repair facility who in turn contacted Jet . Jet assured the parts would directly be sent to me . Well , it has now been almost a month and I STILL do n't have any parts . In the six months I have been in `` POSSESION '' of this saw it has worked without flaw for about four weeks.If you would like to spend hours on the phone -LRB- mostly on hold -RRB- , get any number of empty promises , wait countless weeks for parts that never come , and truly desire to do business with someone who genuinely could care less if your problem gets resolve or not , Amazon and Jet are the right people for you . What is really sad is that if I was ready to purchase another saw I would recieve lightning fast attention and service and a new one would be at my doorstep in 2-3 days . But when I really need help , I wait endlessly on the phone , get referred back and forth , and still have a broken product who 's warranty is not worth the paper it was printed on . Thanks for nothing to Amazon and Jet , world class zeros in Customer Satisfaction . Just a thought , but maybe someone should start dissasembling some of those saws you are selling so the little guys that DEPEND ON THEM TO MAKE A LIVING can get them fixed when they break .
 I own the Supersaw and highly recommend against anyone purchasing this engineering disaster . The vaunted dust collection system just does n't work , even with an 850cfm dust collector . After trying to make the dust collection work and still having the wooddust thrown back into my face , I called the Tech support at JET . They told me , even before I finished explaining my problem , that they knew about the problem , that the dust collection system had not been engineered properly , and that the only solution was to cut out the bottom so that the little shelf underneath could actually collect the dust ! This is not what I bargained for . In addition to the dust collection system not working , the engineering has the motor right under the saw blade so it collects the odd small pieces of wood that fall through and stop the blade movement.I have never seen such a poorly put together piece of equiptment in all my years . The engineers , and the company management should be sued for malpractice . Do n't purchase this machine if you value the joy of woodworking .
 I 've owned the Jet SuperSaw for two and a half years , and was initially quite impressed by its power and smooth operation . I did n't use it a lot , but enjoyed it when I did . A good quality Freud blade helped.Then a few weeks ago I tried cranking up the blade , and nothing happened . The dreaded timing belt problem had reared its ugly head ! When I took the cover plate off -LRB- in itself a challenge -RRB- , the problem became obvious . The belt had worn through and almost become severed . So I ordered a new one , at almost $ 10 , from WMH tools , plus an outrageous shipping/handling charge of almost $ 20 -LRB- for a 2 ounce item - give me a break ! -RRB- . When the belt arrived , I faced my next challenge , so far unsurmountable . Following the directions in the manual , I pulled the assembly which includes the belt , and examined it carefully . It was immediately obvious that the toothed pulleys over which the belt runs had clogged with sawdust , which probably hastened the belt 's demise . Then I tried to remove the recessed set screws securing the lower pulley , and I 'm still trying ! The manual gives no indication of the size of Allen wrench needed , but it is apparently a miniscule metric one that I do n't own . I 'm fearful of stripping the screws completely.I 'm stymied at this point , and wondering whether the company has done any kind of reworking of this lifting mechanism that I should know about . The whole timing belt setup seems laughably inadequate to its task , and once it fails , the saw is useless . Why do n't they smarten up and use a chain drive or something else that can shed sawdust and stand up for more than a few months?Unless this problem has been fixed , I do n't recommend that anyone buy this saw .
 I purchased this set and found it to be returns that were not fixed . I have purchaced reconditioned porter cable tools before with no problems . Each component of this Dewalt set had a problem . The drill had a slipping clutch , one battery had a loose clip that would not stay in the tool , the saw clearly had a problem in the gears from the sound.Selling this item as `` reconditioned '' is false advertising .
 After using the Super Saw for 7 months I have mostly negative observations . The few positive observations simply do not outweigh the myriad negative , thus the two star rating.First the negative :1 . -RRB- The fence is not flat , does not stay aligned , and has a large amount of deflection with even moderate pressure . The deflection problem was noticeable even just after each adjustment . Four adjustments were required in a month and were not noticeably prolonged when the bolts holding the adjustment were tightened very tight . Lastly , I used several precision rules to check the fence for flatness . Enough variation was evident to make me worry . I ended up purchasing the Vega fence and have been quite happy since . I suggest anyone considering this saw do the same .2 . -RRB- Dust collection does not work as advertised . After a great deal of searching on the net and several calls to Jet I finally took the plunge and enlarged the holes in the base of the cabinet . Dust collection is better but not great . Considering I have a 1 horse power dust collector 8 feet from the saw , I expected much better results .3 . -RRB- Saw table and wings are not flat . Granted , they are not out by much
 Bought the Jet Supersaw because it had an enclosed dust collector , other features and it was cheaper than a cabinet saw . Imagine my surprise to find that the cabinet dust collection system was engineered to not provide the expected dust free environment . The dust collection floor has very small hole through which the dust is supposted to be circulated out . This had not been the case , even though I hooked up a powerful shop vacuum . The dust just collects . In addition , the dust comes up through the opening for the saw blade . This is the case even if you use a zero tolerance insert . I called Jet technical support , and the technician acknowledged that there was a problem . He suggested that I drill the holes larger , or cut out the bottom altogether ! No suggestions about what dust collectors to use . Nothing that really could solve the problem . I highly recommend that any one thinking of buying the `` Super saw , '' think again and consider a DeWalt .
 Enough said . I have to give JET an F for Supersaw . Why ? Because JET absolutely failed to fullfil a major function of a table saw design , that is proper dust collection . In fact , the dust collection does n't work at all . Any sizable sawdust will clog up the dust collection compartment . Be ready to manually vacumm the compartment every time you rip several 2x4s . No joking . The little holes in the dust compartment are so small , that only the most powdery sawdust can go through . And not even power dust can go through once sawdusts clog the holes . JET engineers simply decided to ignore this big flaw . How can they manage that ? A prominent woodworking magazine recently compared Supersaw to Dewalt counterpart . Result ? Ofcourse they chose Dewalt .
 Using the circular saw with a special blade was dusty , so we tried these shears and another brand . The shears sucked by comparison . The shears chew up the siding so much that every cut has to be cleaned up , wasting time . My advice is to use a circular saw with a fiber cement blade and wear a dust mask -- you will get clean cuts and go much more quickly . I wish I could return the shears .
 I purchased this product around four years ago to paint wicker furniture . Since that time , I also painted my foundation and deck . The sprayer was finicky . It did splatter at times , but the most annoying thing was that it would clog-up and stop spraying . This happened numerous times while painting my deck . I spent more time cleaning it than painting . Eventually , the sprayer stop spraying all together . It turns out that the piston kept getting paint on it and seizing . The only place to get parts is online . Hardware stores -LRB- even the big names -RRB- do n't carry parts.I ordered a new piston and other parts . The cost was more than half of what I payed for the sprayer . I reassembled it and tried this P.O.S. again . It worked for 15 minutes then the piston began seizing AGAIN . After that , it would work fine for one or two minutes then seize . I cleaned and oiled it five more times . No luck . I 'm done with this thing . It 's terrible . I 'll never buy a Wagner again.Note that I always thoroughly cleaned and oiled the item according to the instructions after using it .
 I purchased this Porter-Cable drill , and after a short tryout I returned it . This is a tool that has excellent design , but is poorly manufactured . The drill is noisy , and it sounds like the bearings wo n't last . It has a great clip on the side , but it 's plastic -LRB- and should be metal -RRB- . It probably wo n't take too long to break it . The trigger feels rough , and it 's hard to modulate the speed properly . When I pull the trigger , the drill `` jumps '' about one third of the time as it starts up . Not exactly good for accuacy.Don ' t get me wrong - I have lots of Porter-Cable tools that I 'm very satisfied with . I own their saws , sanders , etc. . Since I am so happy with their other products I ordered this one . Unfortunately , it does not compete with others like Milwaukee that only cost a little bit more . Porter-Cable should have spent -LRB- and charged -RRB- a little bit more on this product since the design is so good . I 'm sorry I ca n't recommend it.One last thing -- I sent a message on the Porter-Cable web site about the way the drill `` jumps '' when it starts up . They promise a two business day response time . I have never received a response ! If they are not going to honor their policy , they need to take the email support feature off their web site .
 Just received the Porter Cable screw-gun / driver . It is covered in oil.Presumably this is the same defect mentioned elsewhere in these Amazon reviews.Since it is such an obvious defect - you can feel it & see it brand new in the box -LRB- ! -RRB- you wonder about the quality control of all the other aspects of this tool.I bought this because it is Made in USA even though the Harbor Freight -LRB- chinese -RRB- equivalent is about 1/3 of the price.Disappointed .
 i recieved this product last week and it was a disappointment for me.the product was not in a good condition when i recieved it.the plastic side of the box was tear off and it was sealed by a tape and when i opened the box was missing a part.called amazon about this problem and advice to call the shipper to resolve the problem so i did and it take 4 days before they call me and respond to my email , they say will send the missing part but until now i did n't get anything.lastly i suggest that they should put this ietm in a packaging box to protect the item .
 OK ... so I must have watched every single knife sharpening video on YouTube before I decided which one I was going to buy . It was between the Lansky Diamond Sharpening System or the Spyderco Sharpmaker . I chose the Lansky because it looked to be easier for a beginner with the angle guides and I did n't want to mess up my knifes.So I buy the Lansky with the metal stand and extra stones . I just got finished trying it out on my first knife . Just one of my cheap butterfly knifes thankfully . It totally destroyed it . I went with the 25 degree slot . You ca n't use the 20 or 17 even if you want to because you end up grinding the clamp.I ended up with a 1/2 inch bevel on one side and a 1/8 inch bevel on the other side of my knife . Uneven down the blade . Total garbage . Would n't recommend this to anyone . Should have saved up for the Apex Edge Pro .
 Nice box if you can get it . I ordered one but after several days , was notified that they were out of stock even though they are still advertising it and saying that they have 3 left . What 's with that ??? Very disappointed !!!
 I previously owned a Soleus Air Flat Panel Reflective Heater MS-11 and really loved it . This one just put out way too much heat . On the plus side , I like the timer .
 I bought this assuming , i could keep this about 4 feet away from the couch and it would keep the area by the couch warm . But all i got was bright orange light . Even the different power levels were not really helpful .
 This heater is just a waste of electricity . In order for you to get warm you have to put it right next to you and then make sure you are wearing some sun glasses cause it so damn bright . I am really disappointed with this unit . Its really hard to heat a 10 ' x 9 ' room . There is no point for the oscillating cause also does nothing for you . .
 Worked great for a year , the suddenly stopped working . The heater provides great targeted heating when it works . Unfortunately Amazon only alolows returns for 30 days for this product .
 In some 5 star reviews , they mention how well it works if you stay in one spot . For me that is a disadvantage because I move around with a room alot . This heater will only heat objects which will then eventually heat the air around the object . That seems to me a inefficiant way of heating a room . If you sit right in front of the heater within a distance of maybe 6-8 feet , nothing works better . But if you move out of that spot , it 's cold . However , keeping in mind that it heats objects , I attempted to heat an 8 ` x8 ' shed to 80 % -85 % because I was raising crickets , while the night time temperatures were getting down to 60 % . I put the heater in the middle of the shed and pointed it to a flat piece of steel about 1 ' -2 ' away . I turned it on low and was able to heat the shed up to a max 80 % . The piece of steel got so hot that you could n't touch it , but it heated the air which is what I needed , but there is another disadvantage . There is no thermostat , so the heater was on continuously and there was no way to fine tune the amount of heating meaning it can very easily overheat as well as underheat , plus , if there is a power outage even for a second , the heater goes off and stays off , and that was a big concern for me.I eventually settled on a `` base board heater '' which is very efficient and accurate .
 As others have stated , this item does heat a room . The downside is it is a killer on the eyes as it is way too bright . I am trying to find out if this horribly bright light is harmful to the eyes . It is so bright that it literally hurts my eyes , my child 's eyes , and my husband 's eyes .
 I bought this because of the solid reviews . This is one of the few products I have purchased and found the positive reviews to be lacking a critical detail , the brightness of this heater . I thought this would be similar to what they sell at Custco , it 's not . It 's ten times brighter . It is so bright its like placing a spot light in your room . If you buy it , be prepared to buy a spot light.I will likely return mine
 I bought one at the beginning of November for heating up my office at home . It does heat up where it 's pointed at and delivers instant warmth . That 's the main purpose for this heater -- keep me warm before the central AC warms up the room . I used it for about half an hour per day . The oscillation is noisy and un-stable , but that 's all right . However , today -LRB- Feb. 20 -RRB- it finally reached its end of life . Suddenly the low heat option is gone -LRB- gives high heat output -RRB- , and smoke started to come out after 5 minutes . I am glad I only used it in office instead of bedrooms while sleeping ! Only use oil-filed or ceramic radiators in your bedrooms !!!
 Maybe mine is broken , but it wo n't stay on for longer than a couple of minutes . It 'll turn on , but soon as it starts to heat up , click ! It turns off , and no amount of fiddling with the on/off dial and timer will make it come back on . If you unplug it , let it go completely cold , and try again , it might start up again ... only to shut off 2-3 minutes later.Tried repositioning it , moving it to a different surface , setting it on high , setting it on low , turning on the rotation , setting the timer on/off . Nothing made it work . My laptop is a better heater than this thing .
 I turned this thing on and it immediately glowed orange and started putting out heat . It makes a very quiet humm . It rotates side to side and makes not a sound from the rotation -LRB- you can turn the rotation off -RRB- . The warmth reminds me of a glowing fireplace . It has a low energy draw . Works on a timer up to 90 minutes so I do n't have to worry about forgetting to turn it off . I am going to order another one ! FINALLY ! Something that works as it should . Get one!Addendum
 This was a good heater while it lasted . I used it at my computer desk at home to supplement the furnace ; often I just relied on this heater alone . I live in an old house with little to no insulation , so warming surfaces -LRB- including me -RRB- vs trying to warm the air seemed like the way to go . The brightness does take some getting used to , I placed mine on the floor off to the side . This heater uses a halogen heating element shining back towards the aluminum reflective dish , so as bright as it is , you are not looking directly at the halogen bulb unless you make a concerted effort at a strange angle.I used both the high and low settings as needed . If you have exposed skin within two or three feet of the heater -LRB- in direct line with the heat -RRB- , the high setting will start to turn your skin red . I never had a problem while wearing long pants and long-sleeve shirts though . I did not use the oscillation feature as I was sitting in one place and always wanted the heat on me . If I got warm enough that it felt uncomfortable , I turned the heater off for a while.As my review title says , everything was great for about five months . Then I went to turn it on and saw a poof of light , then nothing ; just like what usually happens when a light bulb burns out . I took the wire screen off so I could get a better look at the heating element , which sits behind a small aluminum disc . It is more robust than a typical halogen bulb , and appears to be hardwired . Clearly the manufacturer did not intend for consumers to replace the heating element . I checked their website and could not find replacement parts . One reviewer claimed the halogen element should last 3-5 years if you do n't shake or move the heater around . Obviously this was not my experience . Pretty expensive for five months of use.There is a one-year warranty , but it does not include `` 5 -RRB- Freight and Insurance cost for the warranty service . '' Right . By the time I paid to ship the thing to them ... and presumably also paid for shipping the replacement back to me ? ... might as well buy another one . Typical throw-away-society example . Disappointing , but not too surprising .
 My heater caught fire after only a month & a half of having purchased it . This was very disapointing bacause I broke my neck and am frequently taking naps because of the pain medications . If it was n't because my friend was around and unplugged the unit as soon as we saw it , I woul have woken up to a room full of flames.I did call the company and up to now they have been very nice . The unit has been shipped back for service , I 'm not sure what they will do.Mean while I 'm back to using the main heater in the apartment .
 I may have received a lemon but the heater stays on for a unreliable amount of time and it seems the safety thermostat kicks in and it shuts off . The inside of our house is around 55 degrees and we wished to use this for localized heating which when it is on works great.One shortcoming when it is on is it is so bright compared to other radiant heaters that if your trying to read or work in the vicinity it can be blinding and should be considered for what you are going to use it.I 'm afraid we are going to return this to Amazon.What does work great and reliably is the Presto Parabolic Heater which we will be buying another of soon.Presto HeatDish Parabolic Heater Plus Footlight
 Until recently I 've noticed something very interesting about the Amazon.com 's review system . It seems that about 50 % of the time when I give a 1-star review on a product it will not get posted ! It actually makes sense if you think about it because Amazon.com is trying to sell as much products as possible thus having a lot of negative reviews would certainly hurt the sales.I 've previously written an in-depth review on this heater and it was never posted by Amazon . Since I do n't want to repeat those again , let me just briefly tell you that you wo n't feel anything if you 're more than 3.5 feet away from the front of the heater or if part of your furniture -LRB- i.e. arm rest or seat back -RRB- is blocking where this heater is pointing . Furthermore if you let it point towards your face at 800W , you 'll need a good pair of sunglasses because it 's too bright at a close distance -LRB- at 3.5 feet -RRB- . Hopefully this review will get posted ...
 The light from the heater made it impossible during the evening and night . It lit up the entire room and gave off very little heat beyond about 3 ft. It is a very disappointing product .
 On high , this heater emits super-bright yellow light , not the tepid orange light pictured on its box . It 's so bright that you ca n't aim it at yourself , which defeats the purpose of its direct heat ! Even on the low setting , the light is too bright for my eyes . It does generate lots of heat , but it 's so bright that you have to keep behind it you . Additionally , I ca n't adjust the angle downward as much as I 'd like , which means the dish is aimed more at my face than my body ; the tip-over switch prevents me from propping up the rear , too . Returned immediately .
 I love the concept of the Soleus Air portable heaters . They heat items and small spaces , not the air itself and for me this offers great benefits , because they eliminate the need for a humidifier . Most portable heaters have fans to draw cold air in and blow hot air out . This process without question heats the room quickly , but it also completely eliminates any moisture from the air . The Soleus Air portable heaters/Halogen are great at heating smalls spaces , without drying out the entire room . They also offer stress free use , due to a built in safety mechanism which prevents them from running when tipped over . This allows me to leave a heater in my children 's rooms without worry . The bright light of the heaters can be overwhelming , especially when used in a bed room , but it can also replace a night light in a child 's room . Though they are not extremely hot to the touch , you 'll still want to avoid having them come in contact with bedding or furniture , because they will burn or melt items if the remain in close contact . Ok , so those were the pros , here comes the cons
 I bought this unit 2 years ago . I really fell in love with it . Unfortunately after the first year the high setting began to overheat and would shut down for periods of time before restarting . This year it had become so annoying with the shutting down I only would use the low setting . The last few days I smell a burning smell when I use this appliance . I guess I will try something different now . It says in the information section it does not attract dust . Well let me tell you it does and it is not any easy clean .
 I thought it could n't be any brighter than my old Sunbeam but I was wrong . If the heater is facing you , as it 's supposed to , you 're getting blasted by a big , bright light . I ca n't imagine trying to sleep with one of these things in the room . Sent it back .
 I 've always wanted one of these since seeing one at my local wholesale warehouse club . I love the amount of heat it gives off . This is similar in design and priced significantly cheaper -LRB- sale on Amazon -RRB- than the one at the club so I ordered this from Amazon . Five minutes after trying it out , it went back in the box . I wanted to get this to use while laying on my sofa in front of the TV . The amount of light this thing gives off is way too distracting unless you do n't mind a blaring light in your face . The low setting is annoying , the high is just way too bright for me . I never noticed the obnoxious brightness on the one at the warehouse club . I love Amazon 's return policy !
 I was so disappointed by the performance of this heater that I returned it . When set on `` low '' it hardly gave off any heat and when on `` high '' setting , the light is so bright and glaring but still would hardly heat up a small room . You have to sit right next to it to warm you up . A ceramic space heater is a lot more efficient than this type of heater . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 Had this heater for less than three months . It did the job , but it broke way too quickly . I wish the product was more durable and the light was not as bright .
 I needed a heater to use in my basement while watching TV . This heater is way too bright for this . It 's like trying to watch TV with the sun blasting in your eyes . It 's nice and warm , quiet , etc. if you do n't mind the light . Maybe good for seasonal affective disorder ... ?
 I 've purchased three Soleus Air MS-09 over an 8-yr spans since I 've always like how it heats up the room fast . This product , however , does not last long . All 3 of the Soleus Air I 've purchased have gone bad . It just stopped working after 2-3 winters . I saw an alternate product at Costco that seems to mimic the same technology but has a better warranty . I might give that a try .
 Great whilst it worked . Then last week it blew up!Waiting to hear from Amazon to see if they will replace .
 We loved the infrared heat but it is too bright on high especially in dim room while watching TV . Construction is poor . It is not a sturdy appliance . First I had the ball bearings fall out so it would not rotate smoothly . I managed to reassemble and it seem ok since . I live in RV and it seems vibration from travel broke the wiring to the infrared heat tube lamp and there is no easy way to fix it . The wire seems factory installed and not easily field repairable . The lamp is not in a socket it is hard wired in . Oh this is my 2nd unit as first unit did not work properly out of box and had to return for replacement . Another gripe the tilt is limited in angle it can tilt up , not great if you want to aim it higher to hit your body . BTW as a comparison I had the chance to use a a Costco Presto parabolic . It is sturdier and does not blind you . However it does not tilt nor auto swivel . Also can make a slight signing noise at times . I do recommend infrared heat and parabolics are great for concentrating the heat . Also ones that have variable or dual heats desirable .
 I have a large bonus room with several large windows . Not very insulated . My old kerosene heater went out and I bought this Soleus Air MS-09 heater . Even though I could see the benefits of this radiant heater in a fairly closed space , I just could n't get warm . I returned it and purchased a replacement kerosene heater which heats up the bonus room quite nicely.As far as the Soleus Air MS-09 , I like the energy efficiency of it , but if 's it real cold -LRB- less than 50 degrees -RRB- and you 're not in close line of sight of the beam , it does n't heat very well .
 I found the product does what it is designed to do ie provide heat that is direct and focused to keep one warm . The problem is reliability . I 've owned 2 units . Each lasted about 13 months , one month over the warranty . Neither were mistreated in any way . When I contacted Soleus customer service about whether they 've had quality control issues , they could n't have cared less .
 This heats up in a second and is very quiet and oscillates . . it is very hot so all that is good . . I was prepared to be in love with this unit , but I did n't really think it out . The light coming out of it is intense . Very intense . To sleep , I need an eyemask . But worse , I use it in a living room that is very chilly . . and I am on the computer for example . . the heat burns my eyes and gives me an eye ache . . it is very annoying and I have to turn it off over and over . . sometimes I put it behind me and that was a good idea . From this perspective , I greatly prefer the oil filled radiator type . . but I got this because it was suggested to me that it would be more economical and my elect bill is insane . -LRB- I live in NY , rates are very high . . Using it almost every day for part of the day in December , my elect bill went up a LOT -RRB- I also think you must know . . as it states . . this is a space heater ... and I do n't think it does anything for the space other than right around your body . The price at Amazon was the lowest I found.post EDIT a few mONTHS later , knocked it over , it broke at base , impossible to use , wo n't stand up . WASTE of $
 THIS THING WORKED GREAT WHEN IT WORKED . WE USED IT HALF LAST WINTER AND HALF THIS WINTER AND THE BULB BURNT OUT !!!!! I TOOK THE THING APART AND THE BULB DOES NOT LOOK REPLACEABLE . WHY DO N'T HOUSEHOLD APPLIANCES LAST LONG ANYMORE ? IT ALL CRAP ! 1 YEAR OF USE FOR 60 DOLLARS HARDLY SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD DEAL !!
 I had ordered these electrodes and they shipped the wrong size and they only shipped half pound tube instead of the 5 pound box the add listed
 This is a total RIP OFF while the add clearly says 5 pound box , what you get is a 0.5 pound tube . NEVER AGAIN !!!
 The helmet was comfortable and such , but the stickers stretch across the top molding and did not touch the helmet in the groove . It would have been only a matter of time and the dirt , dust and other work environment items would have stuck under the sticker and loosen it . Sorry , had to return it . Maybe I 'll try another type .
 I received this item very promptly from BIC supply . What is described is multiple switch and plate covers but all you receive is the rocker switch cover . When I called BIC Supply it was inferred that I should have known that I would not receive the 40 + pieces for $ 3.49 . I replied that I did n't write the product description . Be wary of BIC Supply .
 Pros
 These locks are pure junk . I bought 2 for may gun case , on one trip one lock got destroyed on the way to my destination and the second got destroyed on my return.They may be fine to lock a zipper on a backpack , but worthless on any heavy duty application .
 They sent me the wrong product ! I 've been e-mailing them asking to simply exchange the merchandise , but they wo n't reply!I would not recommend purchasing from this supplier .
 This is a total RIP OFF . The add very clearly states 5 pound box and what you get is a 0.5 pound tube . NEVER AGAIN !!
 When u but this product your not buying a 5 pound box . your only buying a half pound tube .
 This product died after 1 month . 2 beeps every 30 seconds . I changed out the battery with a new Energizer and the same 2 beeps every 30 seconds came back .
 I purchased this item to replace the CO2 alarm in my RV . The original lasted only about 2-years when it started `` chirping '' at odd times . I changed the batteries but the chirping continued - not all the time , but often enough to be unreliable . Why the manufacturer indicates that the useful life is > 5 years seems to be inaccurate .
 Received as expected , actually a day early thanks Amazon , the compressor is very well packed for shipping.Upon set-up and adding a regulator , all seems fine - but it is much much louder then expected , it seems to have blown the pressure switch after 4.5 hours , it will not hold air.I 'm now trying to get a reply from Thomas on where to take it or send it back for repair , I would like to resolve this as the compresser is a great size for one gun use ... Thomas Tech did return my call - worked with me on phone to try & fix problem , he overnighted the replacement part and upon installation everything is up & running - good tec support , this has caused it to quiet a little
 what i got is a quality tool but it is not what was pictured in the listing . which really makes me mad because if i knew what i was going to get i would not have ordered it because i did not need it . i feel like i still should receive the idem that is pictured .
 I did some long term torture tests with Epson Velvet paper coated and uncoated . I tracked the time and exposed them to the exact same amount of extreme sun and wet conditions . After many months -LRB- equivalent to decades properly stored or on display indoors -RRB- I could not see any difference.The Epson Matte black ink still transfers to another piece of paper with or without coating.Maybe it works on some Hahnemuhle papers ?
 I wanted to try this protective coating on my large canvas prints but I will never use it again . This filled my garage and another room in the house with a very visible mist and hung in the air for quite awhile . It has a strong toxic smell and even with a mask I am left with a bad taste . Not sure how many coating I need to use but my picture now looks mottled as in the spray did not go on even . To be fair I was trying to coat a photo on canvas that was about 34 '' x 46 '' . I have been using another product that I have to roll on and is a bit of a hassle but I do n't feel like I 'm breathing in toxins like using this.It says the area you spray in needs to be well ventilated . WEll , you better do it outside cause this stuff is nasty .
 I bought these markers based on positive reviews of sharpie products , but received the worst quality markers I have ever known . I opened one of them . Right from the box it was very good . I labeled some black plastic items and then stored it tightly closed as advised on the carton -LRB- tip down -RRB- . I opened the same marker 2 weeks after the first 20 seconds of usage and could hardly write a single letter . I do n't know how many seconds would have the pen lasted on first usage.Now I am prepared and saved the second one for a single use .
 The idiots who designed this made it with no clip on the cap , which I need to carry it in my pocket.Probably designed in a third world country where they do n't have pockets in what few clothes they own.It does n't say where the product was actually made . About half of the package is in some foreign language , not English.Now I know not to buy Newell Rubbermaid products -LRB- who makes Sharpies -RRB- .
 With two of them , you would suppose that just maybe ... one would work if the other is used a bit and peters out . That is not the case . They really are pretty much a single usage item . The vivid color remains for a very short duration ... and it is virtually impossible to use them on anything but craft papers ... such as for a poster touch up . If you try to mark anything that is at all porous ... it goes dry . If you try to write on a hard surface , better get it correct fast , as it soon stops writing all together ... and no amount of shaking , or waiting for it to revive , will make the slightest difference . Once it has made its ' single line ... it is all done functioning . Not only are they extremely short lived , but the quality of the lines it writes , also decrease with time ... until there is a barely noticeable line at all . Not exactly a high quality product . Save your money . Generally I like my sharpies . . but hate these ... as they simply do not work at all well .
 This was one of 4 pattern routing bits I purchased . The picture is very misleading so read the description very carefully . The pictures makes this look like any other pattern bit where the bearing and cutter diameter are the same dimension . So if you plan to cut most of the pattern with a 1/2 diameter bit and finish off the corners with this 5/16 , you will have to use two templates.Not what I wanted at all . Very disappointed .
 The batteries on the SKIL Xdrive series are a pain in the rearend to get off ! I am a woman and I use powertools often in the house , the drill most often but I use the saw as well and I have to wait for my husband to get home from work to get the battery off . And he has problems with it too.I want a powertool that is easy to use and that includes changing the battery . I do like the overall feel of the drill as well as the light that is on teh drill that helps when working in darker places .
 The title for this listing was a pack of 12 and I was sent one item . AFter going back and forth with the seller and Amazon , both blaming the other , I finally got a refund but it was not a good experience . I will not buy from this seller on Amazon again .
 We ordered this for doing a kitchen remodel . We figured that with it being a price pfister it would work great . However , when the faucet is on it does n't give you a straight stream . It splatters all over the place , whether just barely on or on full power . The side sprayer works great though .
 I bought this faucet because it was cheap . It has two things about it I do n't like 1 is there is no low pressure . If you pull up the handle half way it will fall back down . The only water flow is on high . The other issue I have is when I move the faucet from sink to sink and back it is loosening the nut underneath and the whole faucet gets loose . I have had to tighten it back up twice and I 've only had it installed for 6 weeks . I would recommend paying double for a better faucet . I did n't care much for the metal base , it seems very cheap .
 I bought this to replace the belt on my sears snowblower made by MTD . Original belt lasted 15 winters . This belt is not nearly the same quality and has a rubber cogged bottom as opposed to a solid fully covered bottom . This causes quick wear and does not allow for complete disengagement of the drive pulley . Recommend that if you have a Sears unit you pay a few bucks extra and get the original quality belt . It will save you time and money in the long Run .
 Like the above reviewer , the tip broke after the third use . Unfortunately , I have not had much luck finding another 23/32 inch bit with a 1/4 inch shank .
 I bought a plywood bit set with this bit in it . The 1st time I used it the carbide tip broke using it with a 1/8 '' deep cut in oak . I returned the set and got a replacement . The carbide also broke on the 2nd bit . I was being careful after the 1st one broke . I would not get any CMT bits - go for Amana or another brand .
 I used this insert in my router . When I wanted to remove it , it always jammed inside the collet . I also had some `` slippage ''
 The NY Wire 71439 Mesh Door Grill , 24-inch by 36-inch are only 34-inches wide and will NOT fit a 36-inch door .
 This item is made of coated iron , not aluminum , and will begin to rust in a few months , if in an area subject to wetting from rain -LRB- like most screen porches are in Florida -RRB- .
 The NY Wire 71439 Mesh Door Grill , 24-inch by 36-inch are only 34-inches wide and will NOT fit a 36-inch door .
 This item is made of coated iron , not aluminum , and will begin to rust in a few months , if in an area subject to wetting from rain -LRB- like most screen porches are in Florida -RRB- .
 I like the cover , it looks fine . The only issue I have is that it is not long enough to cover the distance from the lamp itself to the night table . I would suggest to anyone that considers buying this to get an extra one .
 Plugged it in ; green light came on -LRB- good sign -RRB- . Inserted battery , red light came on -LRB- charging indicator -RRB- . One hour later , no lights at all . Will not functiona at all now .
 when I purchased the battery charger I expected it to work IM so dicipointed in this product because I bought this in good faith and I need it replaced it is nice to see that you are interested in product performanceand did not just take my money
 I had a Power glide tool set with two chargers and batteries . Both of the chargers stopped charging and batteries would n't take a charge so I bought another charger and battery . These worked for two or three charges and they stopped working . I now have a great set of tools that I ca n't use because I refuse to invest more money in chargers that do n't work . Not at all happy with the manufacturer .
 this battery charger did n't work for my tools . I am very dissapointed . I will not order any more things that are electrial.Bear
 We ordered this charger to charge an 18volt cordless drill . When we plugged it in the led light did not come on so we have no idea if it was charging the drill . We have returned it .
 I recieved the charger however the charger does n't work but I am able to use the power cord with my old charger which does work . There were no instructions with the unit which leads me to believe that the package may have been tampered with . Your site leaves my no recourse to return or address a complaint so I am using this source to express my dissatisfaction . Please advise as how to obtain a refund . Thanks !
 I purchased this unit through Amazon and when received I found that it did n't work . The Kawasake 18V battery pack did fit the unit but the unit did n't light up nor charge the battery pack . When I contacted the World Factory via phone they , the custome service representative , never came on line ... just the computer generated message . After 25 minutes I hung up and continued to try throughout the day with the same results each time although I did not stay on the phone line longer than 5 minutes after the first time.I then contacted them by email and received a fairly quick response that it WAS NOT their problem as I had purchased the unit via Amazon . This continued through a half dozen emails.I then contacted Amazon ; quickly was transfered to the customer service office in South Africa , explained the situation and was instantly told that the charges would be removed from my card . Further , she asked what Amazon could do to help and did I want to continue to search for a charger . Needless to say , I will absolutely continue to do business with Amazon and never knowingly buy another World Factory product .
 The charger for this tool set is the weak link . Ordered a -LRB- new in package -RRB- replacement after the original charger stopped working after very little use . Received the charger and monitored the charge as not to over charge . The 1st replacement charger worked for 3 and 1/2 hours before quitting . Contacted the shipper and they sent a new one right out . This time I placed a fan blowing toward the charger in case this was a over heating issue . The second replacement lasted 2 and 1/2 hours . Now I have a bag full of good tools that are worthless because the chargers will not work and can not recharge the batteries . Very disappointing product !!!
 This is not a direct use but can be used with some improvising , not recommended for the someone who may not have these capabilities .
 The first charger they sent produced only minimal voltage through the transformer -LRB- 1.27 V DC -RRB- . They quickly sent a replacement when I informed them.the replacement transformer worked , -LRB- 18.97 V DC -RRB- but the charging stand did not produce any voltage . Fortunately , I had the charging stand that originally came with my drill , and it worked with their transformer.The manufacturer has a definite Quality Control problem , but I do n't feel that the distributor is at fault . The distributor was prompt and courteous about making an adjustment , which is all you can expect .
 I would like first of all to thank Noble for sending me a extra battery charging unit , because when I went to charge my working 18V drill batterythe unit blew out the transformers secondary just like the 1st one purchased . I have a small suggestion however and that would be to perhaps fuse the unit of any and all glitches since it has no filter caps.Tedster4u
 I received this -- opened -- so when I plugged it in -- I thought it would charge my battery . I returned after 8 hours only to find a dead battery . When I contacted Deerso -LRB- World Factory -RRB- -- the company for a return and replacement for another one that was NOT opened -- they said that I had to contact AMAZON for a replacement . I have been with Amazon for a while and this is the first I have encountered thistype of transaction . I would have so MUCH trepidation and hesitation to recommend this product and company before purchasing from it .
 Another example of imported trash . This charger lasted less than a day . It overheated to the point you could hardly touch it and that was the only thing it did . Certainly did n't charge the battery . In My opinion , it 's a fire hazard .
 This was found searching for Coleman Power-mate 18 volt cordless tool set.It did not work , thought it was dead . Turns out it was NOT for a Coleman Power-mate and was actually revered polarity from the Power-mate set I owned .
 The charger and battery were a Christmas gift . The first time my father plugged it in the started to smoke . Thankfully he smelled it before it caught fire and pulled the plug . I just received it back from my father so I 'll be returning it shortly .
 Used them for some easy gardening , weeding , and trimming rose buches . Nothing really major . . I have a small yard . After 2 wearings the fingertips wore through and the seams came apart on the fingers .
 As someone with night blindness who has stairs , in the dark and needs a nightlight to flip on nearby -- I thought this was Great . And it was , for almost 2 years -- till it just upped and died . Out of warranty -- it now is a $ 30 paperweight of garbage . Too bad . Look at another item than this , given its recurrent rate of not working .
 My original review was positive -LRB- see Great Light !!! , May 3 , 2007 -RRB- I have since then changed my mind : I bought two of these for my house . They were purchased with the idea that they would provide light to guide my family out of the house in the event of an emergency . One has stopped working completely and the other barely works . If you just bump it , it stops working and you need to wiggle it into the outlet just right to make it work again . My take on this product is that they are trying to impress you with a lot of bells and whistles , but fail in the long term to supply a quality product . If you buy this product you will very likely be left in the dark when you need it the most . The concept was good - the quality not !
 I like the features of this light - nightlight is a good color and the right brightness , motion sensor is sensitive . The down side
 I bought 2 of these in January , and liked them so much , I bought 2 more in March . One of the January units started flickering in March , and one of the March units started flickering yesterday . The concept is perfect , but the reliability is poor . It appears that there is about a 50 % failure rate .
 Do n't waste your money on this junk . I bought six and within 6 months , three turned out to be defective . The manufacturer , Datexx , would not even answer my emails , let alone replace the units . Find another product if you need safety lights , the quality and customer service of the Datexx Sentina leave to much to be desired for the exorbinant high prices they command . Run , do not walk , AWAY from your decision to buy these lights .
 Purchased one of these recently . LED-92M Would not charge -LRB- at all -- red indicator lite -RRB- the hard wired soldered 3 pack AAA battery . Emailed Datexx and they said the warranty was not in effect any longer on this model since it was OLD stock . If I wanted a new one I could send them $ 15 and my old unit and they would fix or replace .
 This is a great design ; soft light automatically on during dark hours with LED bulb that does n't constantly burn out AND/OR 3 bright LED lights that come on when unit senses motion & during power failure and that can also be used as a flashlight . However , like one of the other reviewers reported , the 3 bright lights soon start to flicker which greatly reduces their brightness and could induce a migraine . At least the nightlite still works .
 I purchased 4 of these and the top LEDs on 3 of the units started flickering within 2 months . I like the features but the product is poorly made .
 Used them for some easy gardening , weeding , and trimming rose buches . Nothing really major . . I have a small yard . After 2 wearings the fingertips wore through and the seams came apart on the fingers .
 the way this pump is set up , the water has to be at least one foot deep before pump goes on . and pump shuts off sometimes if float is lowered a little . I had to manually jiggle the float switch to keep it on . I used this pump and others during Hurricane Irene . I can not recommend it .
 I was initially pleased with this pump . It worked fine for six months . Then it worked intermittenly - I would often find my cistern full of water even though the float was suspended upright . For months I would often have to jiggle the pump to get it to work . Now after just 2 years it 's dead . I will replace it with a different brand . Update ; after speaking with the manufacturing company , they agreed to replace the float which had apparently leaked water and shorted out . I appreciated the gesture but will probably use a different brand next time .
 It maybe work for about a year I tried to fix but that did not work finally I settled for the Wayne Water Systems VIP50 1/2 HP 2,500 GPH Submersible Utility Water Pump.It cost a few more dollars but has never failed love it works every time ...
 I purchased this about a year ago and yesterday I finally took it out of the box to install it . Brand new and defective . Do n't waste your money like I did .
 Hello , my pool pump box usually floods under heavy rain and the pumps often break - I bought this pump wondering that would solve my problems but in my opinion , it is very fragile and , worse , due to its system this pump does not pump all water ... leaving a large amount of ponded water
 The brondell is very good but it does n't always deliver on its promise . The hot water heater breaksand the pulsator does not function . Beware most reviews are written shortly after delivery , when the machine is new . I am reviewing this after five months of use.Amazon is great and makes returning an item very easy .
 Ever see a slew of glowing , gushing , reviews and thought , `` wow , the writing is so similar amongst all these reviewers ! `` Then you click on their names , and just about all of them have only reviewed either this product , or some other Brondell toilet seat?Bigtime shill reviews . Beware !
 I just purchased and installed this faucet and with that I would have rated it 5 stars . Then my wife went to turn it on to test and the faucet sends water all over instead of just straight down . I thought it was the aerator so I cleaned , inspected , reassembled and tried again . No luck ... . It is very disappointing that you really ca n't test water flow in the store < vbg > . I will probably try another aerator before taking the unit out and replacing it with another brand . I also submitted my problem to PP to see what they say . I have had Kohler with not great results so I tried a PP . Not recommended at all .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000P6DWHW/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleMeter burned up the first time I used it . Do n't know why but it lit up like a Christmas tree when I used it to check voltage . The meter would make a GREAT PAPER WEIGHT . Mailing prices prevented me from sending it back . I do n't recommend this meter to anyone .
 Replaced a similar Nutone fan -LRB- that had run faithfully for almost 30 years before quitting -RRB- with the Broan model 157 . It ran well , and heated well , but was incredibly noisy . I called customer service who were courteous and efficient , and sent out a replacement with no hassle . This ran quietly and heated well , but shut off permanently after twenty minutes . Again , customer service sent out a replacement with no hassle , but this one only worked for ten minutes ! I am sure that you will be pleased with the heater if it works as it is supposed to , but be prepared for quite a bit of uninstalling and installing if you select this product .
 The Broan 157 has a SOLID heating element similar to what you would find in an older stove -LRB- with the big snake coils on the top . -RRB- The image depicted above is of the 154 model which is the one that has the chrome alloy coil -LRB- like what you find in cheaper floor fixtures . -RRB- The main difference between the two is that the 157 has to heat up longer than the 154 . When you turn the 157 on it will have to warm up the coil for a few minutes before it puts out strong heat . When you turn on the 154 the heat will be produced much faster . The trade off to this is that the 157 has at least a 40 year life -LRB- we are just now replacing the one in our 42 year old home and it still works -RRB- , whereas the 154 could burn up much sooner.I want the chrome alloy coil because of the faster heat output . Something to note before you make your purchase .
 I returned this heater as soon as we opened it . It is quite utilitarian and not at all attractive . The uncoated , unpolished aluminum casing and mesh grill simply look cheap . I do appreciate the ease of return to Amazon - better than any other retailer .
 This heater is great ... it really cranks out the heat . I live in an older house , and replaced the Broan model 158 . However , I 've learned the hard way that the thermal switch on this unit is not reliable . Once the unit turns itself off via the thermal switch , it wo n't come back on . I 've went through three thermal units before I learned my lesson . With the 158 the thermal switch would reset itself and I would be able to use the unit again . So if you really want this unit , buy a timer switch to go with it.If I had to do it over again , I wish I would have gone with another 158 . It worked fine on the old fashioned toggle switch .
 Installed the unit , everything worked fine.The next morning started it again.It quit ten minutes later.That was it.The replacement unit has lasted longer but its still to early to say how much longer.I have owned several of the Broan coil wire element units over the years.They are cheaper and lasted years .
 The pump was the wrong size -- too big to fit on our hose so therefore it was n't not good for us .
 If you order this item , you DO NOT receive a faucet which can be mounted as shown in the photo . It does not include the necessary hardware for installation without a large base plate . If you have a one or two-hole drilled sink , this unit will NOT work.This faucet is also quite light-weight compared to similar units , and the sprayer feels like it might be made of tin foil . Still , for the price point , it is an attractive unit , the stainless finish is nice , and the warranty from Price Pfister is decent.I ca n't comment on the function of the faucet , since I was n't able to install it due to the issues stated here . It might bear more stars if I had been able to try it .
 i have had this faucet for 3 years . granted , it gets heavy use , but the sprayer would get stuck `` on '' shortly after it was installed . about a year into service the sprayer button has completely fell off . the faucet `` sings '' when the water comes on -LRB- probably a faulty washer or something -RRB- and generally i am extremely disatisfied with this . an experienced plumber has since told me that price pfister is nothing but garbage . i am shopping for a new faucet and will definitely steer clear of anything price pfister puts out . total junk .
 This product arrived right before Christmas and I was very disappointed as it was a gift and one of the punches was missing . The biggest disappointment was that there was NO WAY TO CONTACT ANYBODY . . i left an email for amazon and got a response to `` ship it back '' ... I just wanted the missing punch ! A contact number somewhere on the web or on the packing slip would have been an awesome way to resolve this . Instead , we had to run around hardware stores trying to find a missing piece . It does make me a little concerned about ordering again from Amazon since there is no `` human '' contact phone number .
 I 've had this tool for 2 years . I own 2 other Gerber tools that I love . This particular model was a great idea , and I love the need nose pliers , but this model fails in 4 ways : First , the rivets that hold it all together fail after a little use . If you are going to use this for camping , under the car , or where this might get otherwise moderate use , the rivets wo n't hold up.Second , the tools -LRB- blade , screwdrivers , bottle opener -RRB- can be expanded from the outside , so the pliers do n't have to be open in order to access the blade , screwdrivers , etc. . To prevent the tools from coming out , the spring that holds them in is purposefully tighter to prevent them from opening in your pocket . This is a good safety feature that means well , but I often need my tool when I have muddy , greasy , or otherwise dirty hands . It 's near impossible to pull the tools out if you have anything on your fingers . Also , the ` fingernail ' notches are deep set , so if you have big fingers with short finger nails , forget about getting the tool out without using another tool.Third , the heads of the screwdrivers are weak . Both tips have broken off.Finally , the release mechanism for the pliers head is push-button , allowing the plier head to eject like a switch blade . However , there is a plastic safety button that has to be slid over in order to push it . On my other Gerber , I would use 1 hand to flick my wrist and the head would pop out , and could retract it just as easy . But with this model , you have to move the safety button over before pushing the eject button , which requires some 1-hand coordination - not a simple task if you 've got greasy , dirty hands and/or need a quick pliers.Not trying to be too critical of this tool , but these are things that would keep me from purchasing the RECOIL model ever again . Save your money and go with the Gerber 22-41545 .
 I was unable to find a replacement bulb in local stores , so when I found a source online that was great news . I placed the order and received the replacement bulb very quickly . I could not see the stem of the bulb while it was in the package so I had to remove it , when I did I discovered that it would not fit in my lamp even though it was the replacement bulb specified to replace the original `` OTT-LITE '' light bulb . I was putting it back in the package to send it back when I read the fine print on the packing slip telling me that the product could be returned no problem -LRB- if it had not been removed from the package -RRB- . So I have a light bulb that cost me in excess of $ 18.00 including S&H , it does not fit in the lamp I needed it for nor does it fit in any other fixtures in my house .
 Don `` t like to give bad reviews , but this bulb did not work . HOWEVER , Since I have only one lamp this will fit , I have no way of knowing whether the bulb is defective or the lamp ; considering postage and the trouble , I would hesitate sending it back even though its a very expensive bulb . On the other hand , I ca n't buy one locally , and do n't think it 's feasible to order another just to test .
 The Ott-Lite I purchased did not fit the lamp so , I was unable to use it . I have returned the lamp to the store and will be returning the Ott Lite to Amazon .
 Unfortunately , I had to return the product , which did not fit in its mountable part . Due to the fact that original bulb was broken and thrown away , I could not retrieve the original model and went just by wattage and type . That was not enough , because of variaty of mounting part design , in my case replacement bulb was not mountable and had to be returned . Return process was seamless and hassle free .
 I love the look of this faucet so much that I bought two of them . I had bought the first one on Ebay and it leaked immediately . I decided I had just gotten stuck with a reject fauct so I bought another one at the local store . It too leaked almost immediately . I called Price Pfister and found out exactly what to do to get a refund . I did just that . I had my receipt and I even had the box it came in . Price Pfister has told me over and over that I had a $ 140 check coming . This has been going on for several months and I still do n't have a check . I 've been in my new house for a little over one year and I 've put in three kitchen faucets . I 'm sure you wo n't be surprised that I did not go with Price Pfister for the third one . I paid the same price for a different brand but same style faucet and after several months , it still does n't leak !
 I purchased this product and had it installed by a licensed plumber less than 5 years ago . A few months ago it developed a slow leak -- a trickle of water down the outside of the stem . I called back the same plumber who had installed it , to repair it . After spending several hours visiting Home Depot , Lowes and a plumbing supply store , he was unable to find the correct sized replacement valve . Apparently it is not a standard size . The leak is getting worse so I am now replacing the whole faucet -- but not with another Price Pfister faucet you can be sure . Stay away from this product - it 's a piece of junk and not worth the money .
 It looks awesome , but it is a terrible product . Very disappointing . The sprayer gets stuck and does n't turn off . The soap dispenser broke almost immediately . I got a replacement part soap dispenser and it broke too . It has design flaws .
 This hose looks cheaper in person . It 's definitely not as dark as it appears in the photo . You can actually see through the hose . The pressure is very low , as was described in a previous review . The main reason for the low rating is that it states on the box to not drink water from the hose because of lead . I wo n't be filling up the kiddie pool with this or letting my kid around the hose .
 Seems to be constructed well , but it really restricts water flow . I ca n't even use half the settings on my spray nozzle due to the lack of pressure caused by the very small diameter of this hose . I doubt this would work well at all with a sprinkler . If I had n't thrown out the box , I 'd be returning it .
 I wanted a hose that I did not need to roll up and would not be strewn all over the yard . This hose sounded perfect . The first day I got it I stretched it to it 's full length . When finished , the hose just sat there . It did not recoil . I have one of this type of hose at another home and it coils after being stretched . I will try to return though I no longer have the packaging . Very disappointed .
 DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT ! For the BTU output value , these heaters are expensive to start with . Since having one installed by a licenced technician , I have had nothing but trouble . The unit will not heat continuously ; it runs for 5 minutes and then the gas valve shuts off , it starts again and then shuts off . The problem is not being able to get any help from the manufacturer , Louisville Tin and Stove Company . It 's like they do n't want to talk to the end user - even the gas installer ca n't get through to them to ask for support . The installer changed the main gas valve but to not avail ; he followed the troubleshooting chart in the owner manual - no success . At this point I have a very expensive heater doing nothing .
 I looked at all the offshore clones and decided to buy the original . When it arrived the front and back angle iron rails looked like the steel had been bought at a scrapyard . The finish was rough as though rust had not been removed prior to painting and the paint was already beginning to peel at the interior angles . I could n't return the fence because I needed it to complete a job and it was accurate and worked fine . The rail that the fence clamped to was well painted.This experience just confirms my opinion of Delta . They have cheapened the unisaw so it is now a light weight shadow of its former self and now they are doing it to the Biesemeyer fence . Too Bad it makes it hard to justify buying North American unfortunately .
 On Dec 13 a claim was filed on this purchase.As of Dec 27th the vendor has not contacted me .
 This is an out of date saw , that does not use the battery that comes up with the page -LRB- 48-11-1828 -RRB- . You need battery 48-11-2230 and charger . So unless you are adding this to an old set and have those batteries , its not worth it ! Shame on Amazon for pairing it with the wrong battery !
 We use this as a penpal mailbox in my classroom . I teach middle school special education . It came damaged , but as the school year was starting , I did n't have the time or resources to return it . Know that it may show up damaged ! Lots of dings and dents . The color is pleasant , and the shape and design are great ... unfortunately , it feels like we could break the door off whenever we open / close it .
 We had just purchased a house and the mailbox was falling apart , so we needed a new one but did n't want to spend a ton of money ... this was a great deal for getting a new mailbox , so we thought . 1 year later the flag piece is constantly falling off and the lid wo n't stay shut ! I suppose its a good deal if you do n't care about replacing it 1 year later like we 're going to have to do .
 I recieved my mailbox with just a flag in it , no other parts . No handle , no screws no nothing . The directions tell you what to do to put it together but you ca n't do it because you have no parts !!! I feel like I am always getting ripped off online . Time to go to home depot or true value hardware .
 I bought the box at Lowes . The box had black grease on it , hot glue residue , and the door was bent and damaged and would not close properly.I called the 800 number and they said they would ship me a new box in 2 weeks.Hope the one they ship me is good .
 the first time i use it it broke . and i try to email them but i dont get any email back for them . neck to know that will sel you a pice of junk and make very hard of you to get your money back dont buy for this people not worth to time
 Do n't get me wrong , I have used a Gerber multi-tool daily for over 8 years , and have never had a problem with it . In fact , I own three different Gerbers , one full sized , -LRB- for everyday wear , -RRB- one mini -LRB- I can sneak it into formal clothes , -RRB- and another mini , which is permanantly attached to my backpack.I gave this particular model a single star , because I purchased several for friends , and the picture above is NOT the tool you receive . The one that is shipped has a single blade on one side , and a file on the other side . There is no saw , as shown above , which might be an important feature for some people .
 It was advertised at a good price so I ordered one . I was later -LRB- much -RRB- sent an email stating it was not available . Very unhappy about that .
 Someone was saying the tool was nice and not expensive to own . It turned out a disappointment .
 I received the replacement for the first one I ordered . On this one , the lights do not work . I am returning it for try # 3 .
 Got this as a higher power compliment to my 100/140 watt Weller soldering gun . Keep in mind that this is the gun only , in a cardboard box , no case or accessories , which was fine with me . It is new . Did n't seem much more powerful in use . Checked it with a watt meter and it only drew 125/150 watts . Yes , I know the first click is high , and fully pulling the trigger is low . Cleaned and tightened the tip , no improvement . On the good side , the return process was great . This was my first Amazon return . Print the label , box it up -LRB- in the box it came in -RRB- , take it to the UPS store , they put the label in a clear plastic shipping label thing , slap it on the box , done . Practically easier than taking it back to Home Depot .
 Tool works decent ... barely heats # 10 wire . I thought I was getting a great soldering gun to wire my truck and I barely used it.not the greatest tool out there but there are n't many choices for soldering guns.also it is not an `` industrial '' tool it 's almost a toy
 only got hot for a few min . and still gets hot , but not that hot . its ok but I think something is wrong with it , , by the way I Love Amazon . its not there fault
 I needed a both new battery pack and a charger , so I ordered the 12-volt battery shown as a combo-pack with the multi-volt charger . The batteries came from a different supplier than the charger and THEY ARE INCOMPATIBLE ! THE 12-VOLT BATTERY WILL NOT EVEN GO INTO THE CHARGER ! Why the heck does Amazon offer a combo pack of two products that wo n't work together ??
 I did n't realize that the multi charger that supposedly charged 9.6 v thru 18 v ryobi batteries only charged batteries with certain numbers on them wether 9.6 or whatever . so none of the batteries I needed charged had the correct numbers on them . so the item is being returned due to none usefullness.LM
 This charger will not work on my Ryobi batteries because the plug-in connection is different . I do n't know why Ryobi does this , but you better get your battery model number and check it against the detailed charger description before buying .
 I removed all my old vents and installed 8 of these on my house . Before installing them I tested them in the freezer , 1 did not work properly , so I returned it and installed the rest . At the first temp change 2 did not perform , I pulled them out and returned and replaced them . Right now it is 71 degrees outside 4 are open and 4 are closed . I wish I had my old manual vents back , but I had to destroy them to get them out . As it is there is no way to open the closed ones to ventilate , and worse , in the winter there is no way to keem them shut , even manually . Dont waste your time with these .
 I bought these because the panel that had my crawlspace vent had fallen apart and I a raccoon had decided to move in . I bought 2 and built a replacement panel . I was about the install it when read up more on venting crawlspaces . It seems that building inspectors are re-thinking foundation vents , at least in any area that has humid summers . Venting in the winter in most places is useless , when it is cold crawlspaces tend to be fairly dry and the cold winter air is poor at removing moisture anyway . In summer , hot , moist summer air going into the cooler crawlspace will condense and actually add moisture . Most people are realizing that closing off the crawlspace is usually the best solution . If the crawlspace is next to a basement , you could connect them with vents -LRB- after sealing the crawlspace to the outside -RRB- to have it part of the basement airspace . A vapor barrier -LRB- plastic sheeting on the floor -RRB- is great for keeping moisture from the ground from rising into the crawlspace.So research it before you buy .
 Did n't even overtighten and it cracked all over when I installed it . I 'll stick to the metal ones from now on . Lesson learned .
 I should have bought a real chuck instead of cheaping out on this one . This is completely useless
 This Danco sprayer is cheaply constructed and leaks , spraying water outside the sink . it also restricts water flow too much which reduces pressure for washing dishes . I recommend spending a little more money for better quality .
 Item is described as ` all metal ' . It is not . ... same plastic nozzle you can get for half the price elsewhere .
 I 've had two of these and the plastic cracked within a couple of months on both . It 's cheap junk . Get either an all metal aerator or metal and rubber .
 This aerator/sprayer was the right price and I do like the spray control , but it caused my sink faucet to be so low that I could n't fit tall things underneath it - like the water tank for the coffee maker and basic half gallon pitchers . That might just be an issue with my own sink , but it was inconvenient enough that I ended up replacing this with a basic aerator after a few weeks .
 This did n't fit on my kitchen faucet and there 's no notes about whether there 's an adaptor or something I can use to make it fit . It was too big . I really believed it when they said Universal fit , now I wish I had just taken the old aerator to my local hardware store to check the size in person before buying .
 I used it once and never used it again ... . If you want to show off that you have one but do n't expect to use it then go for it .
 Bought 3 of these for $ 15 each and shipped - That would be the only good thing about these .2 out of the 3 , the batteries had died 3 months after purchase.Got replacement batteries shipped direct from China on Drivemaster.Our 3rd drill runs on its own all the time . The only way to stop it , is by pulling the battery out.These drills are 9 months old and still under their 1 year warranty - going to call AGAIN and get replacement ... Thanks Drivemaster
 I used this drill 5 times in three monts . It was n't the best drill but doing the job . After a while , the AC adapter stopped charging the battery . I am not sure if the battery is dead or the charger , all I know is I spent 15 for renting a drill for 5 time usage and some headache .
 feels really really cheap . seems to work but not haveing variable speed is a big limitation . just got it so not sure how long it 'll last but we 'll see .
 I bought this for a friend who has some hand use issues - I thought the weight , etc would be good . BUT when I got the drill , the buttons used to shift from forward to reverse barely worked . I do n't have hand issues and I could n't push the buttons and change direction easily . So I returned the drill right away - guess I 'll do the old Home Depot trip for this gift so I can be sure it works like it 's supposed to .
 it didnt even work when i received it i had to send it back
 This drill is good if you only want to drill holes . Not really useful for driving screws as there really is n't a `` torque '' setting . The site describes this as having 9 torque settings , but this is not true . It has one speed , and that 's it . I really could n't tell how long the battery will last before re-charging since I wo n't use this to drive screws . You are more likely to strip the screw head and better off using a manual screwdriver . I 'm embarrassed to say I bought many of these to give away but now I would n't . Only because of the torque setting .
 you get what you pay , this `` drill '' is worth less than what I paid , I will watch out what I buy from now on in Amazon . buy name brand
 Lack of variable speed made me return this drill immediately . Spend an extra $ 20 and get something half decent .
 This drill is NOT variable speed , meaning once you hit the trigger , it spins at full speed with no modulation . Now before you immediately rate this review as `` Not Helpful '' , please read on ... The lack of variable speed makes it nearly impossible to drive screws carefully , as you ca n't control the spin . With any decent variable-speed drill , you can gently press on the trigger to get it to spin smoothly and slowly without risk of stripping threads.Here 's an analogy
 Lamp is pretty in the picture but in NO WAY worth the money paid . Poor quality , poor instructions . Glass globe sits crooked.Cheap metal . Too bad . I would have ordered more if they were nicer .
 This item is definitely NOT worth the price charged ... it 's cheap tubular metal , and looks cheap . Actually , I 'd ordered the Bronze color , received Black , going BACK . One star was given only because a rating was required .
 Pretty shabby tools . May come in handy if needed but not what I expected in terms of quality but I guess for the price ca n't expect too much ...
 Do n't buy this . Not good for anything.This product has no directions how to use it and I tried to cut some threads and the reamer broke off inside . Worthless .
 I used this tarp to cover a tent like carport , ya know the type with tubular framewith it strapped down tightly by all it 's eyelets , then ropes over it 's top tied to bottom corners , the first night of wind before the storm ripped the eyelets out just as fast as the cheap blue tarps , maby no tarp is utah proof : -LRB-
 The latches I received are very light weight with a dull finish . Poor quality . The photo does not accurately represent the product . Very disappointed .
 I e-mail them , and they said that to let the UPS look at it , so we left on the deck for two weeks , and nothing . The pan look like it was step on and flating , and no more e-mails .
 I bought the full range of sets -LRB- 3 -RRB- of adjustable reamers from Grizzly . The ones I got are all made in India . If you think tools , especially cutting tools , made in China are bad , Chinese ones are great compared to those made in India . Terrible materials and workmanship . Rough threads , not evenly ground , collars snap easily . I still have these sets , but they are pretty much useless . Pay the extra money and get good ones made in USA ,
 Coleman has many good products , but what a shame to even sell this one.Cons : - Too hard and frustrating to use . You need the skill of a surgeon to use this . I have to change the tip position all the time just to start the heating process . - Expensive for something that will likely end up on your next garage sale - Tip is too big for soldering electronics . - Has a warning that the tip breaks easily -LRB- because it sure does breaks easily -RRB- . - Solder fails.Pros : - Cordless -LRB- But it does n't work !!! -RRB- - Built-in LED light - Nice case
 The larger sizes are probably fine for most applications , but I have gone through two of the 1/16 '' punches . They bend easily and are prone to breaking under stress that a punch should easily be able to withstand . If you are planning to use the smallest punch , look for a higher quality set , or purchase this set and plan to upgrade the smallest punch when it breaks .
 I used the smallest punch in the set trying to remove a pin from an old pistol I have . I was hitting it with a 4 ounce hammer and the punch mushroomed on the small end and bent . Crummy Chinese punch . I 'll look elsewhere for another punch set .
 I used 2 of the 6 punches . The very first time each one was used to countersick some drywall nails , the yellow plastic coating cracked . I used a small metal hammer to strike the punches . What good is the coating for ?
 They might work Ok for some mechanical projects but they are NOT case hardened which is needed on many mechanical projects one may work on or other task such as gunsmithing ! First one I used bent like so bad it was unusable .
 The looks are realy good . but the ball which is used to turn onthe lamp loses its covering on use . And theres always sparks coming from ball . After some time of use the lights out .
 Did not tend to stay in the correct position ... lamp burnt out very quickly and I never bothered to replace it . Straight into the bin .
 This lamp is a perfect example of form inhibiting function . It 's light is glaring and harsh -LRB- when it 's not flickering -RRB- . During use , the little ball contraption used for a switch constantly buzzes like a florescent bulb that needs replacing . I can sometimes see tiny sparks on the ball where it touches the lamp base . sometime yesterday the lamp went out for no reason and I did n't realize it was in the on position for 12 hours -LRB- though the non-buzzing should have tipped me off -RRB- . God forbid I should spill coffee anywhere near my desk with this little electrical hazard around.brilliant .
 This conversion kit was my worst tool purchase ever.The reason I am returning the MIIFN conversion kit is the item shown in the picture does not match what arrived in the box . The shoe in the picture has a notches in the side that would fit with a MIII foot kit . It does n't . The shoe in the item sold by Amazon does not fit the MIII foot kit . From talking to Bostitch tech reps , it looks like Amazon sold me an older model of the MIIIFN-KIT . Now on to the other concerns . There are no directions that come with the kit . It would be different if changing over from a stapler was intuitive - but it is n't . First of all , you have to pull the black hammer cap off . With enough force , this will come off . Next , the bumper on the bottom must come off . The trick to this is , once you get the top cover off and remove the three screws from the actuator -LRB- which are a different size than the hex wrench that comes with the kit -RRB- and remove the actuator , take a wood dowel and tap the bumper out . The rest is easy if you have ever re-built a pneumatic device . Clean all the surfaces and use white grease on the re-assembly . The lack of directions is enough to make you want to return the item . After it is done and you see that the recommended foot kit does not fit , is enough to make you want to ask Amazon for compensation for lost time .
 I 'm still waiting to recieve this product , it has been over a month now . I 've now recived the product and was totally damaged , I 've sent a list of broken pieces to allsparestools , they responded that they would source and then send out the parts as soon as possible . That was on June 1st , I 'm still waiting for parts or status update from them .
 I purchased this item because the product description clearly states that what is being purchased is the entire floor nailer . This is also what is displayed under this product number in the Bostitch WEB site . What I received was only an adapter to adjust the nailer to 1/2 ' thick wood . -LRB- I got no tool and no mallet -RRB-
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Very dissapointed as the picture indicates a tool kit of , however I got a 24 volt drill not what I wanted . My first and now only ever purchase .
 I bought the full range of sets -LRB- 3 -RRB- of adjustable reamers from Grizzly . The ones I got are all made in India . If you think tools , especially cutting tools , made in China are bad , Chinese ones are great compared to those made in India . Terrible materials and workmanship . Rough threads , not evenly ground , collars snap easily . I still have these sets , but they are pretty much useless . Pay the extra money and get good ones made in USA ,
 I bought a Over & Under Reamer set -LRB- $ 109 -RRB- from Grizzly and they are the biggest piece of crap I 've ever tried to use . The reamers have so much run-out that it makes no freaking difference which one you use because you end up with a hole reamed a few thousandth over sized every time . The reamers measure exactly a -0.001 or +0.001 but apparently the Chinese ca n't produce a reamer without visible run-out . If you need to precision machine a part , do n't buy your tooling from Grizzly and expect good results because you 'll just end up wasting your time , money , and re-buying it from a USA manufacturer to produce the part ! Trust me , you do n't need anymore extra frustration or to waste your hard earned dollars these days especially with the economy the way it is today .
 The probe uses four button batteries . You do n't have these lying around the house , so it often happens you ca n't use it because you ca n't find the right batteries.The transmitter uses 2 AAA , and one of them needs to go very far into the probe.This unit would be more useful it if used more common batteries .
 Came with dead batteries . The tone unit uses two AAA and one of the two batteries has to be jammed into the unit so it 's very difficult to remove . The probe unit uses four LR44 cells , which is a pain , and they are also very difficult to remove/replace . You have to pry them out with a knife.Even with brand-new batteries , the tone is so weak that it ca n't even identify which 6 '' bundle a CAT5 cable is in , if the cable is on the other side of the bundle from the probe . It absolutely , positively will NOT find cables in walls . You basically have to stick the probe directly into the RJ45 wall jack to get a tone , and I could have used my $ 15 plug-in cable identifier to do that.The probe has a tiny flush-mount button that has to be constantly held down during operation . Very annoying . Even though it 's a tiny button that itself does n't require much pressure , the fact that it 's flush mount means you have to press unnecessarily hard , so your thumb gets sore.Both the tone and probe are black and dark red in color , if you put them down in a crawlspace they disappear.The tip of the tone unit will mark up painted walls.Bottom line
 The Amazon listing says
 I bought this item directly from Grizzly to use it on my LMS 3900 mini mill . I did n't have an immediate need for the indexing feature , but thought it might be useful on later projects . I do n't even know how to use the indexing function so I have no idea how good or bad the indexing feature of the table would be.I can evaluate the quality of the rotary table function . Just to save any suspense -LRB- in case the one star did n't give it away -RRB- it 's not good.I 'll summarize the problems : - very poor quality casting and assembly-the gearing had such a tight spot that it was virtually impossible to crank the table around unless you allowed several degrees of gear lash in the table.While the first is only cosmetic and I could live with , the second made the table pretty much useless.Not being very happy with my new purchase I called Grizzly . They were very nice on the phone . I described the problems and asked if this was typical of these rotary tables . The point being if they were all like this I would get a refund , but if not then I 'd try a replacement . The tech said he had used many of this very model and they always worked well . That was encouraging . A few faulty items can always slip through production . The tech even told me not to worry that Grizzly would open , inspect and check the new one for function before they shipped it . Sounded good to me . I sent it back for a replacement.I called a few days later and spoke to Grizzly again . They said they had received the table and inspected it . They found all the faults I had described and were sending another out that day . Super . I was sure I 'd get a good one this time.I got the replacement today . First thing I noticed was that the box was still sealed like it had never been opened since it left the factory . When I opened it the parts inside were still sealed in individual plastic bags . These are not ziplock type bags , but sealed bags that must be cut or torn open . There is no way Grizzly inspected this like they promised . It gets worse.When I unpacked everything I found that the pin on the shaft that allows the crank handle to turn the shaft and thus rotate the table was missing or sheared off . There is no way to rotate the table . This one was even more useless than the first.I called Grizzly again . They were very nice this time too . The person I spoke to said that the notes said it had been inspect prior to shipping and that the table '' ... functioned well , but was a bit tight . It would loosen up after it was broken in . '' This is obviously not true . Not only was it apparent from the packaging that it had never been opened , but the missing pin prevented anyone from testing the item . The crank handle could not turn the table.This one will be shipped back tomorrow for a refund . Hopefully , I 'll get my shipping refunded too as Grizzly promised , and a full refund . We 'll see . At this point I 'm less than confident in what Grizzly tells me.Some may say that $ 175 is cheap for a rotary table . That 's true enough , but I 'd like to make a comparison to the mill I bought from LMS for $ 790 . It 's made in China too , and it 's not perfect , but it functions as advertised . I feel I got what I paid for with the mini-mill . Not at all with this rotary table . Any amount of money paid is too much for a tool that does not function .
 I have to agree with the other reviewer , it 's not worth the extra money . -LRB- Eight bucks plus four for same day shipping . All for just a single light bulb . -RRB- . I bought this for the fridge and compared to the last bulb in there , which came with the fridge and lasted 6 years , it 's kind of dull . Not especially bright not even on the top shelf directly below the bulb . So far I do n't see why it costs so much.Maybe longevity ? Time will tell .
 This tool broke so soon that I never wanted to replace it . At first the heavy cast-metal body seamed sturdy enough but it snapped into two after no more than ten uses and I 'm not that strong for my 160lb . Besides it was an inconvenience the work of aligning the fish-tape into the channel for every single pull . That was in 2002 . If Klein now make this tool from a single steel bar it will withstand the heavy use that it 's supposed to bear , but I doubt they 'll bother to correct that issue . The concept is good but the execution is poor . If you are an electrician you can try but you 'll get only a nice yellow paperweight . Good luck .
 It will spray but you will need to go over every screw and clamp , they will all be loose , even then you may have leaks , I did , use plain water for your test . The spray stream at the finest setting is wide , 11 '' at 1 foot high -LRB- a little to wide for me -RRB- I will need to spray from 8 '' high . a narrow stream can be had but it comes out very heavy . I needed to use a wrench and Teflon tape to stop one hose clamp from leaking , a large screw driver should have been all I needed . Also the button on top fell into the tank in three pieces , so I needed to figure out how it went together an put it back , -LRB- instruction show no button -RRB- I bought this one because of all the good reviews and it may turn out good but it started bad . UPDATE
 I once told everyone to buy this product , now I have to tell people that visit my homes , not too . I was quite excited about Insteon at first , but after about 18 months or just long enough to extend beyond their warranty period the switch sticks . You literally can not turn them on or off , a reset does not fix it . You then have people that just can not turn lights on . If you take it back to the store , they think you are the problem and will say it 's electronic and eventually it could break . If you want a reliable switch , Insteon is not for you .
 These devices have a high failure rate . I have $ 3753.39 invested in them for automating my home 's lighting . They will stop responding to paddle presses . If you want a high end dimmer only , there are better devices that cost much less and are more reliable . If you want to automate your lighting , there are other systems that are more reliable .
 I really wish I had realized it was a fan only and not a light . It never occurred to me that a product this expensive would n't include a light.I think the fan itself is a good , heavy-duty product but the `` plane '' parts are just very lightweight material you adhere to the ceiling . It has been a very expensive and upsetting lesson for me .
 Had these only about a month handling firewood . Wore a hole through fingers of gloves . The fit loosens with minimum wear also .
 Installing this lock was a real pain because the length of the bolt is relatively short . I had to remove the sliding glass door from the track and lay it on the ground to drill the holes in the door frame . Then , after re-hanging the door , I was extremely close to needing a very small , right-angle screwdriver to attach the lock to the frame as a -RRB- the unit just BARELY fit into the space available between the tracks of my door and b -RRB- because of the short bolt , it has to be mounted so low that it 's very difficult to get a standard screwdriver squarely onto the screw heads to tighten them down . This lock comes with an insert to stick in the hole you drill in the frame , but I found that the bolt would hang on the insert , so I pulled it out & tossed it . The lock tumbler must be pretty poorly constructed as I find I often need to ` play ' with the key to get the lock to release .
 needs improvement . The pin/bolt is too short , and it does not reach long enough to pass the rail over which the door slides to lock on the floor . What I did was basically drill a 3/4 '' hole in the floor and place a stainless steel piece of pipe protruding about one inch over the floor , inside the rail , so that the bolt lock there , problem solved , works great but2 stars for all the trouble involved in installing .
 I bought this unit to insert into the dryer 's exhaust tubing in order to switch between the much better Indoor Lint Trap Filter I was also ordering , and the outside exhaust port -LRB- without using its included screen -RRB- . The reviews on the Dundas unit were not good enough for me to use it exclusively as a filter trap , but as a diverter , yes . Great idea
 these are bad for your house . they allow moisture in to your house which causes mold . it you have build-up of moisture on the windows then you have a problem . If you hook this to a gas drier then you also get carbon dioxide in your house . if you really want moisture in your house then do n't use the fan when you take a shower . you should n't need more humidty in the house if you cook , bath and breath .
 Despite the non glowing reviews I read , I bought 2 of these anyway . Shoddy construction for sure ! Several of the reviews mentioned that the screen does not contain the lint so after busting out the scissors and a pair of tights I realized that they were all I needed . I attached the cut off tight to the end of my vent with a rubber band and promptly packed up the UN-needed heat keeper . When June hits , I will reattach the vent to the outside wall .
 First let me start by saying , `` this product is extremely poorly made . '' Secondly , it was advertised as coming with
 Poorly engineered and manufactured.Mine arrived with broken tabs . Tiny , tiny tabs whose purpose may serve to aid manufacturing and assembly but are too weak to keep the clamshell-style halves together . These tabs are so dramatically under-engineered they either failed in shipping or did n't survive assembly at the factory . Good thing this product comes with tie wraps to attach the dryer hose ... I 'll need them to keep this product from `` unhinging '' . The `` pressure relief '' feature is silly -LRB- a second flap in the middle of THE flap -RRB- . This `` feature '' activates with the lightest puff of air completely compromising any seal -LRB- I 'm being generous suggesting the parts of this product actually align properly -RRB- and makes the choice of directing the majority of air either indoors or out moot . Unless you disable this 2nd flap -LRB- i.e. duct tape -RRB- the air goes where it wants to.Here 's my biggest problem - no pride in work . Not in design ... Not in engineering ... Not in manufacture . This product appears to have been compromised by committee and bean counters to maximize profit , not to deliver a quality product with value .
 Had one in my dryer system for about 10 years . Not very heat effective , and blows lint dust back into the laundry area . Not worth the trouble .
 the 4inch by 8foot duct did not come with as stated in description . Would have bought elsewhere if I would have known this .
 I purchased this at Menards and promptly returned.Basically , it is very cheap . The two pieces that make up the housing do n't form a hermetic seal -LRB- not that you ca n't just use some foil tape or duct seal -RRB- . I installed this rather quickly and sealed things up well.On my test run , I noticed that warm , moist air was blowing right through the vent . Granted , much of the air was deflected outside , so it is better than just dumping all the air into your house.Also , I felt that the lint screen was inadequate . The mesh is n't fine enough to catch the small pieces of lint that make it into the vent . The screen really might as well not even be there.So , I 'm back to doing what I did before
 This is a great idea that I have used before to good effect.UNFORTUNATELY ... This PARTICULAR device - essentially an air valve - is so poorly manufactured that it requires repair BEFORE it can be used . The plastic shell is a two-piece , snap-together affair that does n't snap together well at all , leaving the interior valve in a warped shell that does not allow the valve to seat properly in either position.I am strongly considering sending this unit back , not for the few bucks -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- it cost me , but to make the point that there are limits to the junk Amazon.com can foist off on me.Buy another brand .
 I like the idea but the product is designed poorly , you get what you pay for on this one . Could be useful if you can modify it yourself so it does n't leak and so it will fit into standard size dryer hoses better.This is a VERY cheaply made product , the inlet and outlet are too small to properly fit to 4 '' aluminum flex duct or rigid duct ... it will leak around the connection . You may be able to get it to fit into one of those cheap aluminum foil flex ducts if you crank on the hose clamp really hard , but it will probably still leak . Forget about using the 2 included clamps , they are basically just nylon zip ties . When the valve is closed to vent outside , a good amount of air will still leak through the plastic flapper and vent inside your home ... this will dump extra heat and humidity into your home in the summer when you want it to vent 100 % outdoors . No gaskets or sealing valves on this , just cheap plastic ... save your money.Home Depot and Lowes sell something similar . Theirs is just as cheap , however if you buy from a store you can at least return it easily without paying return shipping .
 The log splitter came days after it was promised and we had to coordinate being at the house for drop off , so it was a hassle . When it arrived we were very excited -LRB- had a ton of wood to split and a bright sunny day -RRB- . Went outside in our jammies to unwrap and assemble , but it was damaged in a way that could n't be overcome . One of the key bolts -LRB- heavy , heavy gauge -RRB- was bent . Really disappointing -- if it had been non-integral damage I would have kept it . Amazon was prompt and efficient with the refund , but the cost to all of us over the long haul for this type of damage is tough in that the cost of handling , shipping , reshipping and processing the refund for a 30 cent bolt is a waste . We went to Home Depot and bought a 4 ton electric splitter -LRB- the yellow brand -RRB- and it 's fantastic .
 Maybe I got a lemon but this thing refused to spray anything but air ! Did n't seem to matter which configuratrion I used . My compressor -LRB- which is tired of endless nail guns -RRB- and I were quite bummed about this and sent it back
 Works well enough but spacing and orientation of the letters and numbers is difficult . It would work better if the end you hold onto was square , the letters / numbers could only be inserted in 1 orientation , and there was a clamp on guide to increase accuracy . The spring driver is inaccurate .
 they are not the slickest thing to use when you pull the spring you pull the end of the tool away from your work piece making it hard to be precise when you need to be . when i opened the case the center punch and prick punch were dull . buy a normal center punch and hammer
 My one star rating is Because I received the product and a horrible packaging ! The box look like it when Thripp shredder was all taped up and half the box was missing and the other Half tape
 Half the tip chipped off after drilling only 3 holes on my block wall . The bosch bit continues to work perfectly .
 the item was Drill Bit 21 Pc Set 3/8 '' Reduced Shank 1/16 to 1/2 by 64ths ... there were 21 pieces sent , but no reduced shank pieces and no drill bigger than 3/8 inch . . specifically , there was no 7/16 and no 1/2 inch ... i now realize that the advertised 21 pieces fit between 1/16 and 3/8 ... the pro tool shed ad -LRB- using amazon -RRB- is extremely misleading and false for providing no reduced shank drills bigger than 3/8 ... even though the ad says to 1/2 inch ... do not buy anything from this company .
 the Bit itself looks to be fine although I have not used it . my complaint is that it says this is Bulk 25 making it seem as if you would get a 25 pack of bits . Well it showed up in a plastic envelope and was 1 bit thrown in the bottom . I thought this was a great deal on a lower quality bit , I needed something for a single use . What I got was 1 bit with the price and shipping that was way to high . I think I could have picked it up at the store for half .
 Awful , cheap , horrible . I threw it away with minimal use . Light is not very strong , but mostly , the darn thing hardly ever works without smacking against your hand a few times .
 This flashlight only lasted a few weeks . It was dead even though new batteries were used . In overall , I only used it about 10 times and 1-5 minutes each time . It was a total waste of money . Please do not make the same mistake as I did.Cheap does n't mean a good deal if it would n't last for a reasonable amount of time .
 An honest review from an honest person . I typically only write reviews if a product is less than what I expected simply to let others know to beware of an item . On to the review !!! This is simply a flashlight , I would not go as far as calling it `` Heavy Duty '' . When it works , it works just about as well as I would expect a cheap LED flashlight to work . The downside is that this flashlight has some continuity issues as it flickers on and off when it wants . I have tried tightening the battery cap and even extending the little spring in the battery cap to allow the battery pack to be pressed more firmly in place , but the flickering continues . I believe another person mentioned this same issue in another review and I thought maybe they just had a bad unit but mine does the exact same thing . My next step is to take it completely apart and find a way to resolve this issue , so I guess I at least got a nice little project out of it . If this flashlight did not flicker on and off , and all of the LED 's remained lit at the same time while the unit was on I would have given this 5 stars . If you are looking for a solid , reliable LED flashlight , save yourself some headache and keep looking .
 Nothing I did
 bad to buy this item you lose your money for nothing just like you throw your money in the trash
 This flashlight did n't work but I could n't be bothered to return it since it did n't cost that much . At first it flickered but then it did n't work at all . I even changed batteries to no avail .
 After purchasing for 99 cents -LRB- I overpaid -RRB- and receiving the flashlight - it did n't work . Got authorization to send it back for 99 cent credit but pay the freight back which was much more than the 99cents . Threw it in the trash ! Learned my lesson , I hope.PS
 This light has an interior battery compartment that is larger than the the battery carrier by about 1/8 inch . The battery carrier rattles loosely inside . No connections are maintained thus no light : < -LRB- . The wristlet arrived cut in two . The edges of the hole that is was attached through we 're not smoothed in the machining process . Left sharp , they just sliced right through the line during shipping . The return policy is solid and they are paying my return shipping ... which is higher than the cost of the flashlight . Oh well .
 VERMONT AMERICAN IS NOW MADE IN CHINA ?? I 'm debating send these drill bits back for a refund!Very disappointed!This is why we have to demand country of origin information
 I ordered a steel mailbox because of its strength , but when it arrived I discovered that all of the attachments , such as the flag and the door catch were plastic . There is no way that these will hold up under the heat of the sun and the wind . Also , the door catch immediately fell off after sticking it on . If this is an attempt to save manufacturing money , it was a poor call . I immediately returned it .
 plastic closure is easily broken and there is no replacement available . Need to make closure out of metal to match the box .
 This product was packaged and received from shipper without any damage . The product itself is very thin sheet metal that is not well fastened at the seams . while attaching to the base the outer covering seperated from the bottom . There appears to be only 6 points of attachment between the two surfaces . These are not welds but a resistive punch that pulls apart easily . I would not have purchased this product had I seen it first .
 My order is dated February 9 , 2010 , and my mailbox is no more than scrap metal . In short order , the door would not stay closed . Then it bent in half . I am going to be forced to replace a mailbox that should have lasted many more years . I have never replaced a mailbox because it fell apart - until now . How long should one last ? I think twenty years is a reasonable expectation . I do not know where I will find my next mailbox , but it most certainly will not be a Solar Group box .
 This item is described as `` Silver galvanized steel '' . There is no indication on the box or elsewhere that it is galvanized . In fact , it is a grey painted steel and will likely rust out as quickly as its painted predecessor did . We 'll see.Amazon also sells painted mailboxes of the same size for less . One might as well order the cheaper unit if that is Amazon ships anyway . .
 I 'm not sure of what the problem is , poor quality control , poor packaging , a combo of both , or what , but twice this item was sent and both times the item arrived DAMAGED ... products are shipped from all around the globe and arrive undamaged and in brand new condition on ones doorstep everyday ... why is it a simple mailbox , that is Made in the USA can not , do the same ??? I am very disappointed by this transaction ... However on the bright side I am supposed to be getting a refund for this item ... Hopefully the refund will arrive undamaged ...
 Very disappointed when we opened the box - painted gray instead of galvanized steel as advertised . We reluctantly decided to keep it and paint it to match our new blue metal roof . Just another task to add to the long list ... it 's still not done.Buyer beware , not like going to a store and seeing what you 're getting .
 Poor qualitydoor will not close properly not will it stayed closedbase is crooked so mounting it on the post is impossible without making extra holes in bottom and adding shemsnot a strong quality metalsize was perfect but that 's all that is good about this mailboxwaste of money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I received this item and the door will not stay shut . I needed a box with a metal latch . However , the mailbox I received had nothing for the clasp on the door to latch onto the box itself . Obviously , the companies quality control checks are suspect . Additionally , this is the third item in a row that I have purchased from Amazon than has been in less than acceptable condition , which is also unacceptable !
 It looks like the Jumbo Silver Mailbox ran out , so they subbed in another product . There is literally a ST200000 label slapped over the ST200B00 label on the box . It is about an inch shorter than the listed dimensions , and gray , not silver . The first picture is a totally different product . It comes in a box titled `` Stanley Mailbox '' and the size listed is `` extra large '' . The dimensions listed on the box are
 I 'm a Network Administrator and I 've been in the business for over ten years . I 've used many similar devices at my previous jobs . I recently got a new job and they did n't have a decent tone and probe kit . I saw this one and thought I 'd give it a try . Boy was I disappointed ! The instructions say it works up to twelve feet ! What the heck ? I 've used many tone and probe kits that work across the distance of an entire office building and over multiple floors . When I tried this thing in my house , I do n't think it worked five feet from where I plugged it in and I was touching bare wire ! Worthless piece of trash . Get yourself a decent tone and probe kit if you need a similar device . This thing 's going right back to the store . I 'm really disappointed with it 's performance .
 I bought this at the orange place and returned it.It 's a decent continuity tester , attach the trasmitter to a wire and touch the receiver at the other end , and the tone signal is loud and clear , and let 's you know you have continuity.But as far as tracing wires through walls , do n't bother . That 's what I need . I also tried the one made by ideal that the orange place also sells and it did no better than this one . If anyone knows of one that DOES work for tracing wires within the walls , I 'd love to know about it .
 A co-worker of mine has one of these and I was so impressed with it that I had to have one . On receiving mine I tested it and it worked great . A few days later I needed to use it and found that the batteries in the receiver had already discharged . I replaced the batteries but it would n't turn on . I then got that tell tale electrical burn smell from the receiver . I disassembled the receiver to find that the chip had overheated and started to melt the surrounding plastic . I 'm not sure what went wrong , but the battery polarity etc was correct . Its at a great price , so the return shipping costs do n't really make a warranty claim worthwhile . My co-worker 's is still working great , I guess I just had bad luck .
 I install phone jacks for my business macnines . I could not locate the correct wire in the phone post panel . Many wires gave a signal . In the long run I did it the old fashioned way . Ran a new wire through the building . I have no gripe with the sales company , it 's the product that was n't what it supposed to be .
 This item attracted me because of the price and brand name . Big mistake . For 30 $ more I could have had a Fluke and not been out the 35 bucks this cost me , and been ahead of the game.This product is a waste of time for a professional electrician , low volt electrician , ect . spend a little more and get a quality product.It will tone out a cat5 or phone jack if you are within 15 feet MAX , with a very low signal . If you have a bunch of wires all in the same room , which is smaller than 15 feet , and you need to find the ends , this product may do the trick . BUT , this is all it will do . The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because it does work as designed .
 OK , I knew it was a risk to buy this thing , with absolutely no reviews on Amazon.com about it . But , what the heck , it 's through Amazon , and they have a pretty good return policy.I just wanted to get a radiofrequency wire tracer to work out the cable connections in my house . I knew for sure that this was not going to be one of the $ 1000 + professional radiofrequency wire tracers . But it 's still hard to believe just how bad it turned out to be.So I plug the thing into the cable outlet in our family room , and go up to the central box upstairs where all the cables end . The RF probe lights up with every cable in the central box . There is absolutely no separation in the signal intensity between the cables . On a hunch , I scan the RF probe over the walls , and everywhere , and discover that the best and strongest signals come from none other than the usual electrical outlets and light switches.In other words , this `` wire tracker '' has absolutely no ability to separate out one wire from another if the wires are running in close proximity to each other . What 's worse , normal 60Hz household current is just about as good if not better at generating a positive signal in the RF probe for this device . Which means that either the RF probe is either not very frequency selective or that the RF generator is operating pretty close to 60Hz . Probably both , would be my guess , since that would be probably the cheapest way to build a device like this one.Maybe they do n't run 60Hz electrical current in China ? -LRB- which is where this thing was manufactured -RRB- . This baby is going right back to Amazon ! And I 'm going to go back to using my 9volt battery and voltmeter for figuring out the wiring .
 All I wanted to do was to trace some bell wire , which is why I took a chance on this kind of el cheapo product . No only did it fail at that simple task , it could not even trace the wires in a long extension cord .
 for every day professional use go with something more durable and proven to work well . The button on the probe is small and difficult to keep in the on position . It is soft even at the loudest setting . Coworker has the progressive brand and could pick up the tone almost a foot away as with this one you had to actually be touching the cable and going up and down to find the tone . I would only recommend this if you only had one cable to find in your lifetime .
 Worked when I first purchased the wire tracker . Went to use it yesterday ... . No good . I replaced all the batteries ... . No good . Works for about 4 seconds then will not find the wire even if you touch it directly to the receiver . Went to return . 11 days past return period . Would be great it it worked properly .
 We bought the Alterna flume faucet 10 years ago and now it has a hair thin crack down the vertical interior shaft . Unbelievable ! Had we known Kohler makes faucets that do n't outlast your stay in your home , we never would have bought it . In addition , we had a hairline fracture in our Kohler toilet right after delivery and they refused to replace it . They said it could have happened while in our home !
 It seems misleading product images are becoming more common on Amazon . I 've tried in the past to correct these , but Amazon sheds responsibility for what they advertise.The main coupling in this package is not rustproof brass , as in the photo . It appears to be the same mystery metal as the four fittings , since it 's not specified in the Amazon listing , or even on the physical package . I fully expect this to rust out , so be prepared to buy it again and again .
 I was pretty irritated to find a warning on the label indicating that this product CONTAINS LEAD . I have little children around the house so I ca n't have this hose . I 'll be returning it . Warning
 These are very poorly made and they are not sharp at all . The box is also poorly made . If this is their idea of a premium router bit , I hate to see what their economy class is like . I bought this as a quality test before buying a mill/drill/lathe . Needless to say I will not be buying it from them .
 This would be a great product IF all of the parts were included . Two of the washers were missing and one of the bolt covers as well.Precision Products 5-1/2 - Cubic Foot Garden Yard Cart with Spoked Wheels LC-150-14
 Very lightweight and will not haul as advertised . Spend a little more or you will pay twice .
 It is very nice for light work but I was using it for sand , gravel and concrete at my house . It did not stand up to it the handle broke the plastic rim broke also . It lasted about 2 days of hard work . If it is for gardening and grass clippings go for it but the 400 lbs that it says it will handle . Well let 's say I tested it and it failed .
 The Second time i used this Cart The top right corner Of bucket split open.This product is not worth a second glance .
 This is one of the worst products I 've ever purchased . The materials and design are of the poorest quality.I used the garden cart for a total of approximately 1 1/2 hours . The manufacturer claims that it has a 400 lb capacity . I probably had , at most , 100 lb in the cart.The first problem occurred during assembly of the cart . The pre-drilled holes in the plastic hopper were not large enough to install the provided screws . I had to re-drill the holes myself.Second , the `` hub caps '' that are supposed to keep the wheels on the axle do not work . The caps would not stay on the axle during assembly . I had to use pliers to bend the metal tabs so that they would stay on . After only 1/2 hour of yard work , both hub caps were loose . I used pliers again to retighten , but after another hour of use one of the hub caps fell off and became lost in my wooded backyard.Third , the plastic hopper cracked along the top -LRB- two previous reviewers had the same problem -RRB- . Finally , the metal handle bent and collapsed at the point where the wing nuts attach to the leg stand -LRB- another reviewer had the same problem -RRB- . The metal is crushed on the leg stand , so the handle will not stay in place.The cart is now useless after just 1 1/2 hours of work.I mailed a complaint letter to the manufacturer , but after two weeks I still have n't received a reply from them.I should have heeded the previous reviewers ' warnings . Avoid this garden cart.UPDATE -LRB- September 22 , 2009 -RRB-
 Crappy construction , cheap materials , and miserable warranty . I should have read the reviews but always think I wo n't get hit with the same crap someone else does . Please read and avoid this product ! I bought this as a Christmas present , so it was bought in December but the snow did n't clear intil May . first use , the handles bent at the bolts becaus they are cheap thin metal , and the lips of the cart all cracked and broke beacuse it is cheap thin plastic . And becasue it only has a 90 day warranty now I ca n't get it replaced . Got ta love it . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 Cheap piece of JUNK !! I 'm convinced that , shopping on line is fine for those items that you already know the quality of , but it is not satisfactory to not be able to see , feel , and assess the quality of an item that you need to work with . This Precision Products 5 1/2 Cubic Foot Garden Yard Card is a cheap piece of plastic . The metal used is like curtin rods . I hope I can somehow send this thing back and receive a refund .
 I was looking forward to receiving the Precision Garden Yard Cart but was sadly disappointed when I opened the box . One of the tires , which should have been new , was a used tire with a warped and rusted rim . It reveals a lot about a company that places an old defected tire in a product which should have all new pieces . I will be wary of ordering a Precision product in the future .
 I purchased in June 2010 and the switch abd 18 months later the switch is now permanently stuck in the ON position needing to be replaced . Warranty was only 12 months so I 'm stuck needing to purchase a replacement
 Very disappointed to have prodcut arrive only to find out the packaging says `` mini koolatron first alert flashlight '' NO where in the amazon ad does it state that . In fact it states the light is 8 inches long , when in fact it is only 5 inches . Ripoff ! This ad is very misleading !! Then to find out , of course because it is a mini , that the light it provides is not very bright at all.Dont waste your money
 It has the same problem all piezo lighters have , the striker goes out after a short time . I suppose if you used it once a month it would last a long time , I use mine many times a day .
 Junk . Stopped igniting -LRB- mechanical problem with depressor switch -RRB- after 6 months with only occasional use . Not to mention it came in Red when the picture was blue . Worked well until it just stopped . DO N'T BUY !
 showed a blue 1 got a red 1 works and everything and timely shipping but if i 'd knew it was red i would n't of bought it
 I have two and they are both worthless . They fail to light or stay lit . Even if they did light , the striker is extremely stiff and hard to press.Stay away from this one .
 Worked pretty good when I first got it . Used exclusively for melting the ends of paracord projects so it never saw heavy use . After a couple of months it started getting temperamental about lighting . Now less than 6 months later , the entire plastic mechanism that activates the valve and igniter has worn out to the point where it no longer works . I have only filled this lighter about 6 or 7 times to give you an idea of how much it has been used . I have used many Weller soldering guns and irons over the last 40 years and they were always good products . I ca n't believe that they put their good name on a piece of junk like this . I would give this less than one star if I could . Save your money and pass this one by .
 I bought 3 . One still works ... sometimes . I have had them less than two months .
 I purchased one of this weller ml100 magna-lite micro torch and when it arrived , i did n't test it inmediatly because in that moment i do n't needed it . But whe i needed , i filled this with butane fuel and surprise ! it never work !!! The ingnition make the spark but do n't turn on the flame although adjusted the flame control . I feel cheated ...
 Tried every size and type of screw , it wont hold any . Had my two sons try . Nothing works . tempted to trash this crap . BILL S
 the unit is well made . there have been no air leaks . the blue air hose is very stiff and non-flexible ; not at all like my rubber air hose which is very limber and will lie flat . this air hose retains it 's spiral shape and will not lie flat , as such it will kink and bend back on itself , making it very hard to handle . it easy comes off the roll , but only if being pulled straight , it binds when pulling at some angle . i thought there might be some spring loaded take-up in the reel . there is not , all manual in letting out the air hose as well as re-coiling on the reel . you have to guide the hose to line it up for an even roll , otherwise the hose goes willy-nilly in an uneven manner . it does take effort and time to coil up the whole length , that is where i wish there was a take-up spring to assist . if this reel had a more flexible hose , easier to handle i would rate it at four stars . if it had a spring assist , then five . i also wish it had a gizmo like on a fishing reel where it would guide the hose back in for an even coil-up instead of the random , hose goes where it goes approach .
 it 's has very poor holding end . The screw driver fell apart the end slide off to easy . I would not buy this again .
 These alarms work fine . However , since they are hard wired , they need to be attached to the ceiling . There is nothing with them that enables them to be attached to the ceiling . Therefore , I can not use them .
 This product has a tendency to emit loud chirps at random times -LRB- typically at night -RRB- and frighten our young children . I have several installed in my home and all of them have the same problem . I have read this is somehow related to fluctuations in electrical current - however our house is new and the wiring is new . This is such a nuisance I would not recommend installing it in your house .
 Bought 5 of these to replace old ones with false alarms . It took only 48 hours for the first one to get beep indicating weak battery , it was new . This is made by BRK , read the bad reviews on BRK before purchasing . I 'm trashing all five this weekend .
 frequently goes off at night . i replaced all six alarms and still have the problem .
 I do n't know why I did not take the advise of the other reviews . I thought there was no way a product could be reviewed so badly and the manufacturer not fix it . I purchaced 5 and the installation was very easy and that is where the good ends . Alarms emit long beeps throughout the day at random times , waking children , making me investigate at all hours of the night and causing doubt on the proper working order of the alarms and system . Believe all the bad reviews and do n't purchase a headache .
 These smoke alarms are awful . They are the same ones made by BRK . They constantly have false alarms . They started to have false alarms the first week I put them in . The only good thing about these were the false alarms would only go off using just one alarm instead of the whole house and it would let you know which one went off . The false alarms were very annoying and we have 3 small children , so it was great fun at night .
 I bought 3 of these smoke detectors to replace old dectectors from the same brand -LRB- First Alert -RRB- in my house . The ones I was replacing had problems with beeping inappropriately.Of the 3 I bought , 2 worked fine . One had to be thrown away because it would not stop beeping , even after following ALL suggestions for stopping random beeping . It is just defective . If you look at reviews for First Alert smoke detectors on various sites , you will see that First Alert seems to have the lowest customer satisfaction of any smoke detector brand . Apparently they make a low quality product and then do n't even bother to test them before shipping .
 We needed to replace our smoke detectors as they were over 10 years old and started going off for no reason.So , we decided to replace them with the upgraded version of the same product.Boy , were we ever sorry ! The detector has this `` latching system '' that sends a signal if there is any problem with the system , even as small as a power surge.And , the detector then beeps.They were doing this daily and driving both my dogs and us crazy.We replaced them after only having had them a month.With 8 detectors and 8 lithium batteries , it was an expensive mistake .
 Bought ~ 1 year ago . . have been fighting the `` latching alarms '' ever since . . random beeps -LRB- with the 2 second green LED flash -RRB- , most noticeable of course in the middle of the night . Will be sure to avoid this product in the future .
 This mailbox sounds like the perfect match -LRB- size , color , made-of -RRB- to my broken one . When I got it , I was so surprise to see the 10 holes -LRB- 4 big round holes and 6 small ones -RRB- at the bottom of the mailbox . I do n't know what the purpose of the holes is . I thought I would give it a try . The installation was easy and fitted well to the post . The day after I installed it , it rained and the water sipped into the mailbox and wetted my mail . So I ca n't use it and have to look for another one . I wo n't order another one from the website . The shipping is too expensive and not worth returning . This mailbox costs $ 20 , but the shipping was $ 17.40 . A sigh .
 The mask works great ! Loved it . However , replacement cartridges are unavailable . Do a quick search before you purchase . When it came time to buy my first set of new filters they were unavailable from top sellers like amazon.com and grainger . Ca n't find them anywhere rendering this mask as a waste of money
 Do not buy this respirator unles you only plan to use it one time . AO Safety company has been bought by 3M and they have discontiued all AO safety products . You will not find the replacement cartridges . While the mask itself is a fine product and I am sad to see it go you will not find the cartridges for this unit . As another reviewer suggested , go try to find the replacement cartridges . They are unavailable almost everywhere . You will not find them at Home Depot or Lowes .
 Be warned , the description for this regulator states It has a maximum input pressure of 250 PSI but when I received it , the box states the maximum input pressure is 150 PSI . I called Campbell Hausfeld directly and they said the box is correct , and that they need to update their description of the item . This looks to be Cambell Hausfelds fault as every place I found this regulator on the web had the incorrect description `` From the Manufacturer '' .
 I have ordered a fair amount of stuff from Amazon over the past week , and have noticed some major changes in the MO of how Amazon seems to be treating customers , prompting me to do these reviews , the first I have ever done . At the time of doing these reviews , I have n't even received some these products , but I feel I must share my experience and opinions with other all of you who spend money with Amazon and make its executives very rich ! Please check out some of my other reviews relating to Amazon changing the vendor , price and shipping rates on the same web page/product several times within a 24hrs period . What I now call Amazon roulette shopping.This review is related to choosing I `` FREE Super Saver Shipping '' . It seems to me that if one opts for `` FREE Super Saver Shipping '' , Amazon will intentionally hold up some of your orders at their distribution warehouses . The evidence for this with this product is that at the time of writing this review , on the product page they make the following statement . `` Want it delivered Monday , October 27 ? Order it in the next 13 hours and 49 minutes , and choose One-Day Shipping at checkout '' I ordered this and other products ` Order Date
 This item arrived fairly quickly and heats well but the construction of this item is very bad I had to redo most of it I have several of this very same make of baseboard heaters in my home but this one was poorly put together no care or pride was used in the construction of this one and no quality control appears to be at the factory that this was made at !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 95601 replacement cartridge does not fit the quicklatch respirator I purchased from you.The picture you show is the right picture for my respirator but the 95601 has a mettle base with threads on its outside not the hole in the back with the 3 prong slots.I 'd send you a picture of the mask it fits but ca n't see how.The cartridge I needed has the # 8053-p100stamped on it . The 95601 has the #R 53-p100 stamped on it.Needless to say I went to the hardware store where I could see the cartridge I 'm getting .
 I have owned the LM30 about three years . I have had the same problems others here mention
 This product worked fine for the price and would have been a good value if it had continued to work . I have owned it for a couple of years and used it about 2 or 3 times . Recently pulled it out its case and found that one of the level vials had leaked out much of its fluid rendering it useless . It has always been stored in its case at home and has never been dropped so this is likely a manufacturing defect . Unfortunately the warranty was only for one year and I have not found a convenient online way to order parts and will find out if it is repairable one I have a chance to call CST/Berger . Buyer beware !
 It would be great if it worked . Bought it 2005 , used it about 6 times and same thing , stopped spinning , then all lights flash when turned on . My use was intermittent and so was the problem at first so by the time it went completely out it was past the warranty . I 'm sending it in now for repair , we 'll see what the cost is .
 I used this product may be 2 or 3 times a year . Same problem as others , Took it out to use and it failed to work . All lights started flashing.Emailed customer support who failed to answer the main question as to the cost of repair . Another case of built in obsolescence . Based on others having similar problems the company should know what is wrong with the unit and give better advise options for repair , and , or replacement options .
 We had this item for 3 years . Always stored in heated/AC shop . Used 6-7 times a year . Always pulled batteries in between jobs . It needed help spinning . All lights would flash . Then , like all other reviews , it just stopped . No low battery , no spinning . Called 6/28/11 said it would cost $ 75.00 / hour labor plus parts & shipping both ways . Can buy a new one for $ 222.00 but in this case you pay cheap and get the same in return . Oh , this was our second one . Third time is a charm ?
 I tried dowelmax and it worked well , but I could not justify the price for my applications . Finally I picked up Jessem dowel jig over dowelmax . IMO , Jessem is better than , at least as good as dowelmax but much cheaper . When you are looking for a decent dowel jig , you may want to look at both jigs to make a decision .
 When I purchased the set , I only neded the 1/4 '' bit , but the price was too good to pass up . I now know why . Ten minutes into my first use , the 1/4 '' bit broke cleanly in half , just below the carbide insert . I was milling cherry at a steady feed rate , so I can only blame the bit . Maybe the other sizes will hold up better , but this is my first -LRB- and last -RRB- set of Grizzly router bits .
 This fan replaced a Harbor Breeze unit that parts were no longer available for . On line literature described Hunter as an early pioneer in ceiling fans that offered top quality products . While that may be true , it was not for this model . The design of the lighting attachment is very poor regarding operation of the fan pull . The beaded pull cord exits the switch on the side of the lighting fixture , drops down at a backward angle to the bottom of the fixture , then must wend its way through a hole in a baseplate and out through a hole in the frosted glass shade trim piece . All three of which are at different distances from the unit centerline . Simply put you can not align these holes no matter what you do . As manufactured it is extremely hard to operate the fan , much less all three speeds . If you wish to resolve this problem you must drill a few holes , relocate the fan switch closer to the center , and a hole in the glass shade trim piece closer to center , all the same distance as the one in the baseplate . Also please note that a shadow of the beaded fan pull is always reflected on the inside of the frosted glass shade no matter how you place it . This is not quality to me .
 I bought my 1st two fans - this one and a Casablanca . The Casablanca is impressive - it 's silent - even on really fast speeds , and does n't wobble or tilt at all . Installation with the casablanca was a breeze . This hunter was a headache for him to install -LRB- something to consider if you pay your handyman by the hour ! -RRB- and the quality just is n't the same . It tilts - although just slightly , and shakes a little . It 's enough that I 'm slightly concerned with it 's position above my bed . Most annoyingly , I ca n't turn the fan off or on without some real effort . The cord is ` dispensed ' through a hole that 's slightly off-center so I ca n't pull straight down . I have to pull at an angle and in order to do that , I have to stand on my bed . Even then it 's not easy . I had thought hunter was the name to get - maybe others are better ??
 The fan is attractive but very hard to install and operate . I had it professionally installed by a contractor who is used to hard work . When it proved to be too much for one person , another had to be called in . If I want to change the speed , I have to get a step stool and manfully -LRB- womanfully ? -RRB- pull on the chain . It tips the fan almost sideways before it will engage . On the highest speed , the fan sways until I 'm afraid it will work itself loose from the ceiling so I use either the lowest speed or the mid speed . I 've had Hunter fans before that were great but I would n't buy another one of this type .
 this looks to be a great item and it may be for a lot of truckers . It was too big for my daughters GrandAm . I do n't know if this works or not but I got it so I would be able to do a break job on my daughters car . She is away at colledge and the lock key broke when she came home to get them fixed . I ordered this product and it was a good price but it was too big to even try . I had her come back home to try again after getting this product and was again not able to get the locks off . My neighbor pounded a socket onto the lock and took off all four locks so I could do the break job . It looks like it would be much easier if it were the right size .
 I ordered this product to remove a locking lug nut for which the key had become stripped . When I received the product , I discovered that it was for an impact wrench , something that was not pointed out in the advertising copy . I do n't have an impact wrench , so I borrowed one from a friend . Instead of removing the lug nut , it broke the lug off . I would not recommend this product .
 Read all the reviews . . you really have to measure out the lug that needs to be pulled before you buy these so-called do all kits that claim they will pull most standard size lugs . I have regular size 16inch truck wheels and these removal lugs are several milimeters too big !
 I utilzed this set to remove locking lugnuts . The enterior threads did not bite , even with the help of a certified mechanic in a professional shop . Unless there is some trick to these that the manufacturer did not list on the accompanying instructions
 I lost the key to my McGard LockNut . I bought this set in hopes of removing the locking nut . While the design/concept appears to be the answer , the two sockets are too big . Even the smaller one just fits over the nut and ca n't grip it . I have tried it with both an impact driver and an impact wrench . The only thing left to try is to possibly wrap the nut with some Gorilla Tape and try to tighten the hold on the nut .
 Who ever bought this tool certainly wasted their money -LRB- include myself -RRB- . It is too big for most popular Mcguard locking lug nut so it will not grip the lug nut as it designed .
 Wanted this thing for a while finally got around to buying it . Read mixed reviews , some like the one you 're about to read , some real positive ... should have went with the negative . This system comes with two packs of little blue dessicants that turn pink when they 're toast . I 'm runnin a ch 60 gal with a filter regulator , all of which preceded the dryer . I ran it for about 15 mins grit blasting before it turned into pressure washing . I look over an the beads are pink . 15 mins . I do n't live in the amazon , in fact it has n't rained for months its anything but abnormally humid . I can see this system working as a back up or add on to an existing system but not a stand alone as its advertised . Needless to say I returned mine . Do as I am and keep looking ...
 This faucet was in the house I bought , and has been leaking . I had an easy time replacing the cartridge to the Moen faucet in my downstairs bathroom so I thought this would also be easy -- nope . Buying the cartridge was easy , finding the `` special tool '' was fruitless unless I want to wait to order it online . Nevermind buying this special tool -- my faucet has a plastic retainer nut , which is what the tool would have been used to remove -- it is so stuck the tool would n't have done a thing -- imagine using metal to remove a stuck piece of plastic . So , right now the retainer nut is stripped and mangled because I had to beat the crap out of it and I 'm wondering if in my efforts to fix the thing I 'll be buying a new faucet .
 This product is a great idea in concept but it does n't execute well . First of all , the product did n't fit over my light switch plate . While this was n't a big investment , I had to go buy a different plate and install the product . Once the product was installed , I never felt it was secured because the screws unscrew with each flip of the switch.The product was up for less than 12 hours before it snapped off in my sons little hand . The plastic is not that great of quality . Not happy at all with this product .
 I am 6 feet tall and weigh about 180lbs . Unless you have legs like tree trunks these are simply too big , especially around the legs . The cinch straps wont tighten enough on these meaning they are free to rotate around and leave your legs dangerously exposed . For just a little bit more money you can buy properly fitting Stihl chaps from the store . I would n't recommend these to anybody apart from Nellie the Elephant or Dumbo .
 At 5 '11 and 200lbs , I guess I am fairly average sized . These chaps are enormous for ` one size fits all ' . They should advertise that they protect your stomach and chest since you have to cinch the belt up near your nipples to keep from tripping over the bottoms . One remark I heard was that I appeared to be a 90 year old man with my Sansabelt slacks pulled up sky high . I wore boots & jeans and they were still very baggy.I didnt test the function of the chaps , but they seemed to be fairly easy to work in . They were hot though ... I had to take them off every half hour to cool off.All in all , if they do what they are supposed to , I 'll be happy to put up with the poor fit and odd looks to keep my legs attached to the rest of my body .
 Because of the way these chaps are cut and the one-size-fits-all fitting -LRB- my waist is 34 '' -RRB- , the leggings tend to rotate so that my inner calfs and thighs are very exposed . It seems that the inner legs are as likely to get hit as the outer legs , so I think this is a pretty major design flaw . I plan on returning mine and trying something else .
 The quality of these chaps seems pretty good , but the claim of one size fits all is misrepresentation.Unless you are 6 foot plus , 200lbs and have a hefty build , especially thighs and legs , these will not fit you.I 'm 5 feet 9 , 168 lbs . and they were a good 6 inches too long and with the straps tightened all the way were still very loose on my legs .
 These chaps fit too loose , and the straps are a tripping hazard . The first and only time I wore these chaps , I tripped over the straps several times . I am an advocate of chainsaw pants , but these are lilkely to cause more accidents than they prevent in my opinion . I wish I had spent my money on a better quality product .
 This item was purchased in Oct of 2012 and put into use in November . Today -LRB- 12/8 -RRB- the stock tank is frozen over . The outlet is still hot , not a tripped GFI . It is now past the 30 day return period of Amazon . Will be looking elsewhere for a better unit .
 Farm Innovators Ice Chaser Cast Aluminum Floating Plastic Tank De-Icer Model H-418 , 1,250-WattThe unit did not last but a few days beyond the 30 days that would permit a return to the seller . The manufacturer suggested unsafe methods of use to remedy the problem . They wanted me to bypass the ground fault breaker by using an extension cord to a non GFI outlet and stopped returning emails when I asked how to make a warranty claim . The warranty is for three years , but means little as I search for a replacement unit . I would have been better off paying more at a local retailer who would make the return beyond the thirty days on a product that did not work . As result , I have lost confidence in the seller , ANTonline , Farm Innovators and Amazon.com .
 So Far so good , the previous Farm Innovators pond heaters that I 've used would maybe last two years . I just got tired of returning -LRB- warranty -RRB- them and I thought I would try this version.Updated review-don ' t waste your money . It lasted about 2 months . No more Farm Innovators for me ...
 This pneumatic nibbler was broken and useless . Unfortunately I ordered it for my adult son for Christmas , and he did n't attempt to use it until June . By then it was too late to return it . I guess I learned to avoid this brand , and to inspect everything carefully immediately .
 Doing the first job on some cold 18 gauge and the entire head broke off . The replacement cost a bundle to replace . The dies may be 10 bucks but the entire head is half the price of the nibbler . I will never buy a another Campbell Hausfield product period .
 The construction of the mailbox was excellent . The finish was black powdercoat . The paint was scratched down to the bare metel prior to it being shipped . I sent it back for a replacement . The second one appeared to have been dropped prior to being shipped . The paint on this one was chipped down to the bare metal also . The product is excellent however the person shipping it out needs to be more careful . I sent the second one back too . I will not try a third time .
 PERHAPS FOR SOMEONE WITHOUT ARTHRITIC HANDS THIS SHOWER WOULD BE TERRIFIC . NIETHER MY HUSBAND NOR I COULD ADJUST THE SPRAY SETTING NOR OPEN THE HANDLE TO INSTALL THE CARTRIDGE . .
 Do not blame Amazon for this product its not there fault.First I will say it does spray quit well , but lets end there.after a 45 days it split down the handle and leaks like a good one , and I can not return it.it does not fit into the coned shaped holder properly and keeps falling down on the swivel.The hose is just some cheap and nasty rubbish thats only flexible when hot water goes through it.Waste of money ,
 My wife loves the Sprite filtered shower heads/handles , and I 've bought about ten of them . She says they make her skin much less itchy than regular shower heads . I do n't notice any difference in how my skin feels , but the Sprite shower head performs well enough . My beef is the poor quality construction . The hose fittings look like metal , but they 're really plastic . Consistently , either a hose fitting or the plastic handle has cracked and leaked after about a year of use . I have n't been able to find replacement parts , so I end up buying a new shower head every year . Because my wife likes them so much , I 'll keep buying them -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- until a competitor comes out with a more robust alternative .
 I bought this to replace my old Sprite Royale shower filter that broke in the handle area . Very dissapointed the description states there are 5 way adjustable settings for the shower . * 5-Way Massaging Spray -LRB- Fine Mist , Fine/Full Spray , Full Spray , Full Massage , Massage Spray -RRB- NOT TRUE !! There are only 3 settings . Very dissapointed !! I miss my Fine/Full Spray !!!
 The two stationary cutters were so mis-ground that a sheet of 26 gauge could n't even enter the cut . I 'm a tool maker by trade so I took it apart , re-machined the cutters and now it works like a charm . The external finishing is immaculate , that gets a 5 . I 'd say buying one is a krap-shoot because their quality control is whats wrong , not the separate parts necessarily . Six months ago I bought their nibbler , took it apart before running it and sure was glad I did - the little gear box was crammed with machining filings that some careless assembly person had n't bothered to remove - it would have self-destructed in minutes . I 'd say if you by one take it all apart and examine it first before running it .
 Used this product 3-4 times on thin sheet metal , then something internally broke . Overall , we used it for less than 15 minutes total before it broke . Junk .
 This globe is not very bright or sturdy and I do n't think it is worth the money . I would say this is worth $ 15 - $ 20 .
 All of the reviews said this product was great so I bought one . Boy was I disappointed ! This tool has no depth adjustments . It absolutely will not seat the staples deep enough even at 100 psi . causing me much grief so I postponed my project . 200 + dollar units look awfully good now ! This unit was used on engineered wood , hardly a problem one would think .
 right out of the box , have n't shot a single staple - leaks air pressure through/past top cap gasket -LRB- between main cylinder and the red top cap -RRB- was not machined properly ... . a waste of time .
 Purchased this unit after reading many good reviews , but I was very frustrated to find that it does not drive the staples fully into the groove of 3/8 '' Bellawood Solid Brazillian Koa Hardwood . I adjusted the pressure all the way up to 100 PSI and still did not get the staples fully seated . Not much of time saver when each staple needs to be set by hand . Needless to say the unit is being returned .
 I work at a major renta center and this chainsaw is a piece of crap . I will bet anyone to come and start a saw on the second pull and I will give them a 100 dollars.Also their cement saws a crap.The stuff just does not start unless you pull it a 100 times .
 Vendor had the product mixed up with another item -LRB- shower plate . -RRB- I received the shower plate which was useless . The vendor didhowever not charge for the item and offered a discount on anyother faucet I wanted to purchase . Since this was a projectwhich required timely completion I skipped the offer .
 the price is not as good as other places , you can get better price even in home depotis not worth to wait for day when you can get it right away cheaper
 I took the advice of the previous reviewers and bought this lamp.It WAS heavy and sturdy , and it DID give off great work lighting.So what 's my gripe ? Well , two months into having this lamp , the PLASTIC screws that adjust the lamp head and hood broke off ... not because of over use , but because they 're made of CHEAP PLASTIC . Now the lamp just sits there , the lamp head and hood hanging uselessly . $ 50 , and I got an albatrose !
 I generally like Vermont American products , but these are the exception . First bit I used dulled after three minor uses . A couple other bits , smaller , broke in two . The final blow was when a 1/2 inch bit broke clean in half while drilling through metal stock using a hand held rechargeable drill ! I have never had a 1/2 inch bit break , much less when using a relatively low powered drill . Sending them back .
 My base is lit but very low , not bright at all . Another problem for me is that the yellow is brighter than the blue . I was expecting a bright blue lamp with little yellow and green.This is my second Tiffany lamp and I love my first one . This lamp makes me wary to buy another online .
 Apparently the quality of these lamps have diminished greatly in the past year . Last year I purchased three of these and each one was very well made and far superior to the ones being sold on Amazon now . The one I just purchased was sold by MyGift Enterprise LLC and fulfilled by AMAZON . It pales in comparison to the former higher quality ones that were made in America . It has a sticker on the bottom of the base which says it is made in China . The glass is very cheap looking and is devoid of the rich colours and tones of the previous ones sold on Amazon . In fact , the `` glass '' appears to be plastic instead of glass and the leading or copper foil actually seems to be a hard rubberized substance . These are not good combinations for a lamp that is likely to become very warm or hot . The metal base is actually a very cheap and light weight metal alloy which has the weight and feel of tin . I did a weight comparison of this lamp against one that I purchased a year ago and found that it is just almost five pounds lighter . This of course confirms that the glass or plastic , lead/copper foil , and the metal base are indeed poor quality substitutes for the former higher quality ones . I do not recommend purchasing this lamp . It would be helpful if AMAZON would include where such items are actually manufactured . Unfortunately the ones from China are very inferior quality .
 Stanley 55-515 12-inch Wonderbar Pry BarI own the original bar sold years ago under the same model number . The two tools share the same length and general shape . The original has a forged taper on the ends which makes it thin enough yet strong enough to get behind trim and pry . The new bar has a crude beveled edge ground into the bar ends . It is too thick to be useful as a trim tool . The notches are too small be useful for nail removal . The original is nickel or chrome plated and is stamped `` made in the U.S.A. '' The new bar is painted and lacks a country of origin label .
 I am a projects manager with one of the only manufactured builders here in the Sacramento region . We have been using Hardie since it first came out . Needless to say , we have seen just about everything when it comes to cutting Hardie products . We buy 2 to 3 truck loads of material per month on the slow season and up to 6 per month in the busy season just to give you an idea of how much material we cut . One thing that we noticed this last time we were supplied with new pneumatic shears -LRB- SS402 -RRB- , is that they dont hold up well compared to the old SS303 pneumatic shears . Does anyone have the issue as i do ? The most significant desin change that i noticed is the the Sioux air drill is not the same as the old one , however we also have new screwguns that require heavier work loads to secure 4 '' screws all day and I mean 1000 's of screws . It does not heat up in that application ... it seems that the eccentric bearing which is an addition installed by Pac Tool is what is causing the overheating of the cutting head . Does anyone have the same problem as i do ?
 They have misleading product info and are not cooperative when you try to return something . I had to pay 50 $ to return items that were not compatible !
 I own the original plated bar sold years ago under the same model number . The two tools share the same length and general shape . The original has a forged taper on the ends which makes it thin enough yet strong enough to get behind trim and pry . The new bar is painted and has a crude beveled edge ground into the bar ends . It 's ends are too thick to be useful as a trim pry tool . The notches in the ends are too small be useful for nail removal . The original is stamped `` made in the U.S.A. '' The new bar lacks a country of origin label .
 Its hard for me to imagine what the people that rate this highly use it for . Perhaps they are confusing this with the original Wonder Bar , which is a very useful toolI agree with what Mr. Pearson said , its too thick for anything small and delicate -LRB- like trim -RRB- and too small to be of any use for anything large . I 'm not familiar with the bars he recommends but instead of this piece of junk I suggest the Red Devil 4050 Scrape 'N Pry Bar . Thats a constant in my tool bag
 Part of the title is correct , `` Wonder '' . Cause after you receive this item you will wonder why you bought it . Stanley is a big name , but this item is a toy , not a tool . It is made out of 3/16 X 7/8 '' flat bar . It is to short to give the proper leverage . No design flaws , just to small and thinly made . It does however have a cute two tone paint scheme . If you pull this out of your tool bag on any site , the other workers would laugh you off the job . This one will stay hidden in my roll aroung tool box . I would have given it a zero , but that was n't an option . Save your money , spend it on something else .
 well - the router is really comfortable in use - but very poorly made - the locking button broke with first use when i tried to tighten the bit lol - i have it replaced and will post new review after some '' miles on it ''
 Purchased the 895PK -LRB- same model with hight adjuster and plunge base -RRB- about 3 years ago . I mounted this under a router table and after a few uses , the hight adjuster broke because the locking mechanism is so difficult to lock and unlock . The router gets EXTREMELY HOT ; the motor , not the bit . I called Porter Cable and the lady said not to touch the motor -LRB- great help -RRB- . I have a 690 also , and it never gets hot . When mounted under a table , saw dust falls between the motor and the plunge base and the router can not be raised or lowered after one use and becomes completely jambed . It is very difficult to unjamb -LRB- takes about 5 minutes -RRB- . After setting the bit hight and locking the mount , the motor will eventually drop about 1/16 inch from vibrations . To change bits , the button to lock the shaft is usually in a location that can not be pushed , so you still need two wrenches to change bits . All in all , poorly designed and manufactured . I have several other Porter Cable tools that I like very much , but this one is a big dissappointment . I do like the safety switch on the top , when flipping the router over and setting it down , the switch turns off , so in case you forget to turn it off and plug it in , it wo n't turn on . Also like the variable speed . Probably will be ok for hand held work , except you will need gloves because you will burn your hands .
 I tried to replace and my old hinge with yours and it had the exact same model number , but when i tried to use your hinge it did n't fit like the original . This was a waste of my time and money . Model numbers are used in order to match up parts , in this case it did not .
 It 's a good product , my only beef is the size . It is a lot fatter than what the picture leads you to belive
 I have several Porter Cable routers , and they have been reliable and well built tools . That is why I chose this when I was looking for a lighter plunger router . The router is fine when in the fixed base , but the plunge base is a different story . There is quite a bit of slop in the plunge bushings which allow the router to angle from side to side as it is plunged , and it invariably binds in the process of plunging which forces you to rock it back and forth to complete the plunge . It is essentially useless for precision work . I had originally purchased it for exactly that ; as a plunge router for use with guides on templates . The plunge base is now just a useless relic , and it is suitable for use with the fixed base only . If you 're looking for a medium sized plunge router , look elsewhere .
 D-base looked good , but plastic subase did not fit properly due to poorly machined router base . The adjustment knob also could use work in that it was too close to body to allow ease of turning . I have an ELU and PC 690 which are fine . Will likely try the Dewalt 621 next . I did SO want the dust collection aspect !
 I just called Porter Cable to report a failure of the collet with my new 8902 Router . A machining error in manufacture of the collet allowed it to throw the bit while cutting . Since it was mounted in a table with a guard , the only casualties were the bit and the guard.The nature of the error suggests a bad batch of collets . Examine them carefully.The base seems very fiddly to adjust accurately , but I intended to use this in a table , so this is not relevant.An added comment , They sent me a new collet after a few weeks .
 The reason I bought this router is that the first router that I bought from Porter Cable died about two weeks before the warranty ran out . However , because I could not prove to Porter Cable that the motor was bad they would not do anything about it . But , just as I expected , the motor went bad again and then the warranty was out . I bought a new unit , even though I was not happy with the first one . I do n't think Porter Cable wants to make its customers happy . I would recommend another brand . They are the ones that caused me to write this review .
 The Porter Cable 892 2-1/4 hp router fits easily up to my Bench Dog router table insert . Vertical adjustments are easy . The little pin that is supposed to lock the shaft to enable tightening and loosening the collet broke off in the first couple of months ' use . I never got round to getting it fixed in warranty ; just used two wrenches instead.Though the router has both 1/4 and 1/2 inch collets , it is not up to handling bits over about 2 inches diameter . I made raised-panel oak doors , which need a 3 inch bit . The router got very hot and began to smell of burnt insulation . It evidently has no high-temperature cutout , and eventually burnt out completely , in spite of giving it 5 to 10 minutes rest between doors . Now it is out of warranty , so I 'm buying a different make and going up to 3-1/2 hp .
 I purchased this router in July of 07 and have never been able to use it . I have sent it in for repair three times and have received three seperate new motors . All of them have un acceptable runout . .060 -.090 or more . The runout is so bad that the router actually shut off when I tried to turn a panel bit . You can visably see the wobble if you put a large 1/2 '' flush trim bit in it . I even went through the trouble to video tape my tests using a dial indicator , i clamped the motor to my cabinet saw and placed a 1/2 straight bit using the shaft as a referance and received almost a 3/4 swing on the indicator , I then moved the same collet and bit into and old PC router -LRB- rockwell -RRB- with results of .001 in runout , very acceptable in a 10 year old well used router . I sent them the videos and they still say they are finding no problems ... . Basically if you bought a PC tool 10 years ago you will love it , if you buy a current model good luck , it is imported garbage , I have also burned up about three PC sanders over the past two years . I now buy Festool , the stuff is exspensive but perfectly engineered and you will not have to replace it . I have a friend who has a 10 year old Festool sander that failed and they rebuilt it for under 100 bucks and had it back within a week . That is customer serviceDo Not Buy This Router ... . Porter-Cable is not worth the aggrivation.PS I own a high end Cabinet shop in Colorado , I know tools ...
 When everything is working , this is a great router system . Too bad , it seldom works . I 've owned the router for over a year and for 6 months of that time it has been in and out of the shop . Problems include broken motor lock mechanism , broken worm gear to raise motor and broken shaft lock . Last time , I bought extra gears and shaft lock pins just to keep it out of the shop . Any sawdust clogs the mechanism so raising and lowering are tough . I 've had several other PC routers and have been extremely pleased with all of them , but this one has just about made me lose the faith .
 Using the router under the table has been impossible , since I keep snapping the cheap spun aluminum levers PC has used . This especially happens when using a socket to manipulate the lever . Loosening the lever screw so that the lever wo n't break does not adequately secure the router . The router design is brilliant in terms of the mechanism , but the parts need to be rock solid and they are not . I am extremely dissapointed .
 Had the router for a while but did n't use it much . Recently I was attempting a project when the shaft froze and blue sparks shot out . Took it to the repair shop and they said the bearings were shot and it would need a new armature for $ 141.00 . Of course it was past the warranty , but still it was hardly used . I 've heard from others for similar problems.I 'm not buying Porter Cable cheese anymore , and you should think long and hard before you do too . Unless you like buying routers every other week .
 I bought this router to use on my cnc router . It has never worked well . It bogs down excessively and gets really hot on any kind of normal cut , sometimes to the point of tripping the breaker it 's connected to -LRB- 15A -RRB- . This is using 1/2 '' diameter new , sharp 2 flute spiral carbide bits in MDF . I eventually settled on cutting at 1/8 '' depth of cut at 100ipm in order to not have it trip the breaker . My 11 year old Dewalt 1.5 HP router will cut vastly better -LRB- more like 1/2 '' depth of cut at the same speed -RRB- using the exact same bit in the same material -LRB- even though the PC is supposed to be more powerful -RRB- . I took the Porter Cable in for service and they said there was nothing wrong . Once I cut a mount for my new spindle , the porter cable is getting relegated to the scrap pile .
 I like all the features and a great motor . I have had it a year and 1/2 and use it only a couple times a month . The lift system has been broken 3 times . My last PC router
 I have had a very bad experience with the 890 series . The tiny screws that hold the adjustment rack on the side of the motor work loose easily , are not secured by lock washers or `` loc-tite '' are not stock hardware store items , and when you try to order one from the parts site you pay $ 12.00 to ship a $ 1 part . When I got the new parts I went over the tool to remove all the tiny screws to secure them with threadlocker and discovered that the length of the various screws bore no relationship to the holes they were in
 Gone are the days when Porter Cable made quality power tools . This router is made in China and it is not up to the quality that Porter Cable used to make . I have four other older Porter Cable routers , and I will never get rid of them as long as they continue to operate . This model 892 router has so much run out on the spindle that it vibrates my router table . Do n't waste your hard earned dollars on this piece of junk . You would be better off buying a used older model 690 or 691 . I used this router for one day , and will end up selling it for a fraction of the cost on ebay .
 I a extremely disappointed that I received only one can of paint ! Your item name is Rust-Oleum 203028 Precision-Line 17 oz Inverted Marking Spray Paint -LRB- 12 Pack -RRB- , Fluorescent Red-Orang . It seems as though I should be getting 1 -LRB- 12 pack -RRB- 12 full cans , but instead I got one can . I went back to the original add http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002YQN28/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00 and see its still for sale -LRB- the 12 pack part was removed from the title when I checked this time -RRB- and even the shipping wight at 12.2 lbs suggests that I will be getting a box of 12 cans . The only place I see that suggests it is one can rather than one box of 12 is in the product specifications where it shows the dimensions of a single can . Even there its not clear that all I would be getting is one can . I would like to have the other 11 cans of paint and certainly would not have spent the money on shipping to get one can of paint that I could have driven 4 miles to the hardware store and bought for the price I paid here .
 Router does it 's job . Plunger had to be sent into the manufacturer upon receiving it for repair . It would n't slide or lock lock .
 We received this item but were surprised to find that the bonus edge guide was not included . According to the box , it was supposed to be included -LRB- a $ 40 value -RRB- . It does not appear to be a case of getting lost during shipping because the outside box was sealed and undamaged . This looks like it was removed prior to the item being boxed for shipping . We are very dissappointed with Amazon 's lack of response in this matter . My husband is excited about using this router and did not want to return it and wait for another one .
 I 've been using PC products for 16 years and have loved every one of them until now . My last router was getting a little tired so I thought I would upgrade from a 690 to the new 893 and am appalled that PC put this unit on the market , it is a total waste of money . Here 's what it comes down to
 I purchased this router to replace a 15 year old Black and Decker Quantum plunge base router . I thought I was purchasing a high quality router that would serve me well for another 15 years . But I find this product unusable as a plunge router . The plunge movement grabs and sticks so much that depth adjustments are impossible to predict . The worst issue is the excessive play between the router bit and the base - 0.024 '' . Try routing with a 0.125 '' router bit with 0.024 '' side play .
 I bought this kit since it seemed to be a good deal on all the air tools I needed for finish nailing -LRB- except a pin nailer -RRB- . No complaints about the guns , but the compressor did n't work from day one , even though I followed PC 's `` break-in '' instructions ; there seemed to be a leak somewhere internally , as it never got past about 50 psi . I called PC 's customer service number repeatedly over a three day period and spent hours upon hours on hold with the call never being picked up . In the end , I trashed the compressor and bought another brand , figuring that I still got a pretty decent deal on the guns.Given that experience I will never buy another Porter Cable product again and recommend looking into customer service on any brand of tool you buy - a tool that does n't work and wo n't get fixed/replaced is never a good deal .
 My wife bought this kit because we were doing renovations . Was satisfied with nailers performance but was confused because of compressor running nonstop then dumping air tank constantly . After inspection of compressor and review of parts schematic , I realized there was no pressure switch . Let me give you some background . A pressure switch is placed in air circuit to cut power to compressor when a predetermined air pressure is reached . If switch fails to perform this task the safety valve will release air in tank to prevent over-pressurization . Compressor can function with only a safety valve , but not very efficiently . According to manual there is a pressure switch kit that can be purchased at an additional cost but I have not been able to locate one anywhere.As I said previously , it can work and I do still use it . Although , I would not have purchased this item if I would have known this .
 Purchased my compressor combo Sept 2006 . Compressor failed after five times of use . Check valve failed and compressor would not hold air but would compress air . Air would escape tank through the faulty check valve . Took unit to Porter Cable authorized warranty service facility Nov 2 , 2006 . Picked compressor up today Dec 20 , 2006 . Repair facility stated compressor failed due to over usage . I was asked to pay the repair bill . Had to contact Porter Cable to get the warranty service facility to release the compressor to me without paying the repair bill . The compressor was used five times before it failed , first use was to inflate a mower tire , second use was to blow out some dust in an electric hand saw , third and fourth uses were to attach window and door moulding on three windows and two doors , and lastly the unit was used to spray paint a gas tank . Porter Cable warranty information states abuse or improper use is considered if compressor pumps air more than 50 % during a one hour period . My compressors most continuous use was the fifteen minutes of required break-in before the first use . Before purchasing this unit consider where you may have to take the unit for warranty service , how long you can be without the unit during warranty service and whether you can prove you did not abuse the unit .
 Highly disappointed that with a name like `` Vermont American '' , this bit is `` Made In CHINA '' !!! The only way we can help this country survive is producing & purchasing products Made In America ! I wrote the manufacture with my concern and stated `` I 'd pay 3 times the price , for the same bit made by american workers '' ! I never recieved a reply ... enough said !
 We paid for a 30 - 20 AWG stripper , they sent us a 24 - 10 AWG stripper . We are not going to return it as it 's going to cost us more time and money .
 Useless if your air compressor out put is not 15 cfpm at 90PSI . Amazon did not put this in their add . That why the price is low . I will probably give it to my son . He has a 2 stage air compressor that mighft handle it . My air compressor out put is 10 cfpm at 90 PSI . Other air sanders take a lot lower CFPM . I went back to my electric sander .
 Well ... ONE star . I bought this model based on reviews on various woodworking forums and for the above table adjusting feature . While waiting for this to arrive I built my own router table for this model . As mentioned by a previous buyer , the spindle lock was cracked , except mine came that way . So I cant really rate the performance . Not sure at this time If I will go with a replacement unit or just return the whole thing and get something else . I really wanted the above table feature but the finish on this really leaves a lot to be desired . I will update with performance if I get a replacement .
 I picked up the 895PK set a year ago from Lowes . I was offered a substantial discount since it was their last unit in store . Took it home and found that it was missing the 1/2 '' collet and the above table rod . Since I got a great deal , I really wanted to keep it . I called their customer service asking if they can replace the missing parts . The rep refused , and insisted on me bringing in the tool to their `` nearest service center '' , which for me , is a congested 35 mile travel one way . I did n't bother . Spending $ 50 on gas and fighting through congested LA traffic was really not an option to just get some small replacement parts . -LRB- And PC probably knows that and uses it as a hurdle to minimize their effort -RRB- . I kept the tool and bought the missing parts on Amazon.The tool itself is pretty standard , no better than other brands like Bosch or Hitachi . But since I ca n't count on their service if anything breaks , seems that that the initial saving is really a gamble that did n't pay off.I will not buy another PC product again since their service and support is pretty much nonexistent .
 I bought this router set because of the features that allow it to be used in the router table . In general it works very well in the router table with above the table height adjustment and bit changes . It 's a little looser than I 'd like while adjusting , but I 've never noticed an change in height once it is locked.However , there is one really stupid design flaw that made me take the router to a service center . The screws that hold the rack to the router body are cheapy 10/32 screws that both have broken . I 'd replace them but they snapped in half and would require a screw extraction . Since it 's under warranty I 'll have the service center attempt that . Of course it 's useless if you ca n't attach the rack to the body.I have n't used the plunge base much other than testing it . However , I will say it seems difficult to use . All in all , I 'd probably opt for a different router if I was buying again . I 'd probably go with the Bosch or the Milwaukee -LRB- because of router table features -RRB- . If you like running back and forth to the service center , buy this router . Otherwise , I 'd avoid it.UPDATE
 Have had my 895 just over a year and it 's now in the trash . It has spent more time in the truck -LRB- back and forth to the service center -RRB- than my wife has been in the truck.First time I used it the screw on the height adjustment fell out and I had to pry the motor out of the base . Took it to the service center and they gave me a hard time about the screw that I replaced it with and voided the warranty ... 7 days after I bought it!Had to replace the variable speed control 6 months later . Last night it started spitting flames and smoke while I was cutting a raised panel.Porter Cable calls this `` heavy duty '' but do n't believe it .
 I purchased this on clearance at Menards and used it for a few minor projects before having problems with the motor and variable speed control . The motor would either rev or the higher speeds would ` lock in ' and not allow for adjustment to a lower speed . Obviously these are major safety issues so I returned it for a full refund and purchased Bosch 's similar fixed/plunge base model . So far so good with the Bosch.Do your research before purchasing this router , or any power tool for that matter .
 I 've been looking for a dust extraction adaptor and just found one but I do n't trust that it will fit . It is located in the US and apparently costs about a dollar and a half . The first search I had the same as your fellow countrymen was for the screws that shurely should come with the Router Kit that locate the guide rods . Not supplied with the Kit I was told but got 30 back from Amazon who said these were not available through them . I looked on the Amazon site & bought 100 of these very necessary screws in Stainless for 11 . Because these items cause frustration and annoyance to the buyer why on earth do n't Porter Cable get their act together and supply these measly items with the Kit or is it the fact they are just too damn mean ?
 I was so disappointed when this arrived . I had saved up my $ and was treating myself to a new router . Of course I went for Porter Cable because of the reputation . I could not believe how cheap this router felt in my hands . Way too much play in the settings . I sent it back right away and bought the Milwaukee combo kit instead . What a difference between the two ! The Milwaukee is solid and well engineered . Do n't make my mistake . Porter Cable is not what it should be .
 Well after all the years of hearing the wonders of PC , I decided maybe I needed to own one to go along with my other 6 routers . I had always shyed away before because of there high prices mainly . This router is a total POC for doing anything that requires any degree of precision . The run out in the collet was 0.058 with a 6 '' drill rod installed . That is 0.010 at a typical 1 '' bit height . Try to get those dovetails tight with that , next to impossible . I did find if you loosen the collet and rotate to just the right spot I could get the runout down to 0.015 . AHA , the collet must be bad so I got another one and low and behold it was worse than the first . I 'M done with PC forever . I 'm going back to my makita routers which have 0.006 runout at 8 '' height !!!
 I just bought this piece of % # * & % * # about 3 weeks ago . When I opened the box , I was so disappointed about the finish and the material used . It seemed like that it was made in a cheapest labor country using the cheapest aluminum and plastic . The plunge locking lever , the clamp , the height adjustment seem will break down soon with a little use . The plunging action is stuck most time , and the locking mechanism hangs up . After only a couple of times of changing the bits , the spindle lock bend , cracked and stuck there . Now the router can not be used until it gets fixed . Some other guys said better not use the spindle lock , but for making the dovetails , there is no room there for using two wrenches . From the crack , you can tell the material used for the spindle lock is a cheap metal . Also the spindle lock itself is too small to stand a proper torque . . Overall
 I am a retired school shop teacher and had three Porter-cable 690 1 hp fixed speed routers in my shop . Each was used extensively in a router table by students . These three routers held up for over 20 years and where still in very good shape when I retired . I needed a new router for my home shop so I thought that the 890 2 hp would be a step up from the 690 and it had a better adjusting mechanism , which was advertised as good for use in a router table.I would not recommend getting an 890 series router for use in a router table . I have had two new 890 routers and one rebuilt one burn up on me doing exactly the same operations that my students and I had done for years with the 690 . The first one burnt up while using a raised panel bit on MDF ; hard stuff but nothing that had not been done before with the 690 . I needed to get the job done so I ran out a bought another one thinking maybe I just got a lemon or I had overloaded it by feeding too fast . I finished the job but took three passes just to be careful . Later I took the other one in and got it repaired one month out of warrantee , but they covered it . I now had two routers on hand ; ok that might be handy.I used them for various task with no problems even routing over 300 foot of 1/2 by 3/8 fluting in MDF in one afternoon . Then months later a friend needed help with a project . I used the new router to make 3/8 by 1/2 inch grooves in 3 foot long pieces of cherry . I got through the first piece and halfway through the second and the router started to smoke then lost power . I setup the rebuilt router and finished the cut then reduced the cut depth to 1/4 to make multiple passes for the remaining pieces but it burnt up before the job was done . The bit was a new carbide bit and I even went extra slow on the second router.I think the problem is the electronic speed control ; it tries to maintain the same speed no matter what the load . The operator can not listen to the motor to determine if he should change his feed rate and before you know it the motor has over heated . I would take a 690 router over an 890 router any day .
 I own several routers -LRB- 5 -RRB- and this kit is very disappointing!What were the engineers thinking when they designed the placement and design of the On/Off switch ? It is poorly positioned as compared to say , a Makita , where I can still hold onto the router handles with both hands and flip off the machine using one finger.The Plunge Base Vertical Adjustment is cheap and cumbersome!I own several other Porter Cable products and they are absolutely great ! Biscuit Jointer , Belt Sander , Nail Guns , etc. . I wish I could say the same for this router kit!After many years of satisfied use of Porter Cable products , both professionally and as a hobbiest , it pains me to write a poor review of a Porter Cable product .
 I expected more when I shelled out the extra dollars for the 895pk . There is a lot of backlash in the fixed base . The above table height adjustment lock is very poor . It consists of a 3/16 '' hex shaft going through a cast aluminum locking lever to operate it . The small shaft easily breaks the locking lever . When I get my new locking lever , I will not use the above table adjustments -LRB- a prime selling point as I use my 895pk in a router table 95 % of the time -RRB- . Also when in a table , the motor jams in the base and is very hard to unjam . When I bought my 895pk , the spindle lock actuator on one of the bases was missing . I called PC and they said they no longer use or support this feature , and no longer even sells it as a repair part . When I was ordering the replacement locking lever , guess what I found in the replacement parts listing , the spindle lock actuator . Someone was either misinformed or lied . I wish I had kept the Bosch 1617 I had before this and put up with its switch problem .
 came out of the top within one hour 's use . They call it a 2-1/4 HP router , but it does n't have the guts of the classic PC 1-3/4 . Between going to buy it , and driving back to return it , I spent more time on the road than the router lasted . I 'll rate this a one , because I ca n't rate it negative 4 .
 I bought the 895 when they first came out several years ago . In that time I 've used it quite a bit and the following are my impressions.The bottom line is it 's not worth the price they 're asking these days -LRB- $ 280 -RRB- . The positives ; 1 -RRB- soft start - no jerking on start-up , 2 -RRB- high/low switch - you can sit it down on it 's top and it will turn off leaving you free to keep both hands on the router , 3 -RRB- strong motor - I have rarely been able to bog the motor down , 4 -RRB- above the table height adjustment - -LRB- this is only a minor positive -RRB- - given the high cost of aftermarket router lifts this gets a + mark for it 's crude yet convenient adjustment.The negatives ; 1 -RRB- the plunge base is JUNK - the old style base -LRB- pictured above but I understand they 've redesigned it now -RRB- sticks all the time , loses it 's depth setting repeatedly , and the sub-base is n't flat , 2 -RRB- above the table height ajustment - I know I listed this as a positive but it 's also a negative - it 's very crude and the bit moves when you lock in the setting , 3 -RRB- the plunge base is JUNK , 4 -RRB- both bases are cheaply made -LRB- however the motor seems solid -RRB- , 5 -RRB- did I mention the plunge base s JUNK?I think this is a good table router if you have an aftermarket router lift , otherwise I would recommend going with another brand for an all purpose router .
 I purchased the Porter-Cable 895PK Fixed and Plunge Base Router Kit to supplement an 30 year old Craftsman router I have.Despite the mixed reviews of this router I decided to give it a try and purchased one at a local woodworking store . As soon as I opened the unit it was obvious I made a mistake . Due to the lack of quality I returned it immediately -LRB- without even bothering to plug it in -RRB- . The biggest problem with this router is the gear mechanism to raise and lower the router is really poorly designed . On the new unit I purchased there was a full 3/4 turn of slop in the gear train . Meaning you could turn the dial to raise the unit a full 3/4 turn before the gear engaged . This is totally unacceptable and makes fine-tuning a cut impossible . The other problem was the plastic base on the bottom of the router was off center , again unacceptable for a `` precision '' tool.One of the great things about Amazon is the reviews entered by people who have actually used the product . I know based on this experience I will heed other reviewers comments more.So what router did I end up with?Based on the research I did on-line , including here at Amazon . TheMilwaukee 5616-24 2 - - Max-Horsepower EVS Multi-Base Router Kit Includes Plunge Base and BodyGrip Fixed Baseseemed like a good bet.I must say so far I am not disappointed . The Milwaukee router is light , well balanced and smooth in operation . The fit and finish are excellent and the height adjustment mechanism works flawlessly - no gear slop what-so-ever . It makes the Porter Cable unit look like a total piece of junk -LRB- for $ 50 less -RRB- ! Bottom line - if you want a tool that will allow you to do `` precision '' work look elsewhere . Unfortunately Porter Cable 's current breed of routers are nothing like the quality they use to make .
 I have had the PC 893 Router for over a year . the plunge mechanism is awful , it slips , and its not reliable . The depth control in fixed base mode is awful , it binds , then releases , moving a lot more han what you want . The last straw is that the speed control has suddenly started to go from 16,500 RPM to like 5000 RPM in the middle of a cut , or it starts at 5000 RPM , and doesnt get to speed . Turn it off , and on , then it works , until it decides to slow down . Reliability isnt visible here . I am in the market for a new router , and it will NOT BE a PC brand .
 I returned this due to many additive problems . Fortunately , Amazon refunded me because PC customer service just sent canned `` Thank you - wo n't help you '' messages . PC quality is sinking .1 -RRB- cheap plastic parts on bases - plunge base pointer broke on first use . You ca n't read the scale anyway because of how they positioned the knob .2 -RRB- cheap metal and screws . Two screws about 1/8 '' long w/maybe 3 threads hold the height adjustment rack to the machine body . These fall out and quickly strip both themselves and the body when you try to re-attach the rack - something I had to do with each use in a router table . What are they thinking ? These tiny screws have to support the entire weight of the router when mounted on a table and the clamp is loosened to perform height adjustments .3 -RRB- Poorly machined base plate holes . Base barely fits standard jigs for PC routers -LRB- no problem with PC 690 -RRB- because they are machined enough out of alignment to require a forced fit . You could tell this would lead to more thread stripping in no time .4 -RRB- Plunge mechanism was very stiff and almost useless . Did not improve with use .5 -RRB- For me - 4 hour one-way drive to service recall - no other way offered to accommodate.The motor seemed decent and I tried to overlook the above until the metal began stripping in less than two months of use . I think PC is economizing on bases and cheaper manufacturing processes . By the way , this is the first tool I 've returned in 20 years and own many other PC tools without complaint . Maybe I got a bad apple , but others here have similar experience with this model .
 I bought this combo primarily on the strength of the PC reputation in routers . I should have listened to the people in the store where I bought it , who were trying to talk me into getting the Bosch combo instead.As others have reported , excessive lateral deflection in the plunge base , even when locked , make it essentially useless for the vast majority of woodworking applications . The plunge base is nothing less than garbage . Even my old , cheapo Royobi plunge router worked better.And yes , the amount of backlash in the fixed-base makes the fine adjustment capability unusable.Maybe those who use it for router table use mught think it is OK . But something like my Milwaukee 5625 3.5 HP fixed-base router is a much better choice for table use.Avoid this model of PC router . Get the Bosch or the Dewalt instead .
 The motor clamp handle has broken twice in one year on my 895 router . The part costs $ 1.00 . There is to much play in the height adjustment . When you clamp the motor closed the motor moves way out of line , and is virtually worthless when making doors with cope and stile bits . The plunge base is extremely hard to plunge . Try another brand as Porter-Cable has failed miserably with this router .
 Wow . I am in shock . Zero stars would be a better option.I picked up the Porter Cable 890 series router , specifically the 895pk , after reading a lot of good reviews . I really needed the 1/4 '' and 1/2 '' collets , variable speed , softstart , and 2-1/4 hp . The above-table height adjustment reeked of convenience - no $ 300 lift or even $ 90 RouterRaizer to install . After ordering the PC890 , I stumbled across a scathing review of it which pointed out several major problems , mainly :1 . lateral deflection in the plunge base2 . backlash in the fixed base height adjustment3 . low-grade bearings in the motor4 . motor windings not varnishedI got a bit concerned , but decided to hold off on forming an opinion until I 'd actually used the router.After it arrived and I began using it , I started to notice things . First problem
 The locking mechanism and adjustment is disapointing in actual use . The one plus is that it is quiet . Unfortunately , it became too quiet.At 13 months -LRB- one month out of warranty -RRB- the variable speed control failed after only about 1 hour of total run time . The repair at the local service center was $ 104 . After several contacts and complaints , PC is unwilling to make any concession . With PC , Delta and Dewalt all owned by the same company , is this what we have to expect from American companies ? Next purchase , -LRB- wo n't be PC -RRB- I will look for a manufacturer with a longer warranty . I guess I will have to buy all Japanese tools !
 The scale was off by almost two degrees . I contacted Starrett and thoroughly discussed the problem with them . I sent the Protractor to them and they sent another one to me which was not correct either . I called Starrett again but could n't get a guarantee that if I sent the second Protractor to them that I would receive one which was correct . The scales are a self sticking plastic that can not be correct if they are off center when put on . This is another nice idea that has n't been thoroughly thought out for production .
 For the price of this item , I expected that the numbers on the dial should have alinged more precisely .
 After receiving 2 of these items , both with the same problem , I opted for the new 7 inch version . The problem with both units of the 505A-12 was that they were not even close to being true with their own calibration marks . I believe that 2 degrees or more are definitely out of spec for any measuring device , especially one that carries the Starrett brand name . I almost think that this type of accuracy would even be out of line for items coming from Harbor Freight ! Amszon would not send out a third , so I had no choice but to go with the 7 inch version - which did not have any of the calibration issues of the 12 inch version . I 'm glad I was not needing one of these for an immediate job ...
 As a stamped aluminum bevel without lock this thing is adequate . As a protractor it 's an embarrassment to the Starrett name . The scale if off by a full degree at various angles , apparently because the thick plastic decal is not die cut concentrically with its printing . That 's very poor quality for any measuring tool , and completely unexpected in a Starrett product .
 If you are looking for accuracy , look elsewhere . This scale is off by 1-2 which is unacceptable for anything but rough framing perhaps .
 50 years ago , my father , a watchmaker , told me that anything you own made by Starrett will be the best you can buy . I have a number of their products and have always agreed with Dad 's assessment . Starrett lost it with this protractor . The accuracy is just not there . If you are doing rough carpentry work and need approximations , go for it , but if you are planning to use this protractor to set up anything in a quality home workshop , you better keep looking.Disappointed !!
 Not accurate . 45 and 90 degrees do not match up one way , but do the other . I have no confidence in the accuracy of this item . Wish I had never bought it . The concept is good but not followed through on this item .
 I ordered this thinking it was to good to be true ... and found out it was . Starrett should be ashamed to put this product out . Any good woodworker is not going to put up with a tool that is + / - a degree . When I need accuracy I have always trusted Starrett , after this piece of junk I now question their integrity . Total garbage that will be returned .
 Starrett is known for quality and precision , unfortunately this tool does not meet the precision half of the equation . The design is very well thought out and it is constructed solidly , but the dial is not accurate . I found the dial to be 1/4 -1 / 2 of a degree off . I checked the angle for 90 degrees against a 12 '' starrett combination square and found that the dial would line up with 90 , but would progressively become more off around the dial to the point where the opposite reading would be off by 1/2 of a degree . This problem occurred when swinging the leg to the left and to the right . I know many people will use this tool for finish carpentry and it is just not accurate enough . Even though you wo n't find a perfect 90 in many homes , you still need to know exactly what the angle is . This tool can not give you a reading that you can confidently take to the miter saw . I will purchase a Bosch DAF220K Digital Angle Finder , even though it is 3x as much , the quality and accuracy are there.Please take this review with a grain of salt and know that I am meticulous when it comes to my work and anything less than perfection is unacceptable for me . This protractor may work for some , but I would seek another product .
 I agree with the other reviewers . I purchased this tool because of the Starett name and was deeply disappointed . The scale was definitely off . When you completely fold up the tool it is blatantly obvious . I e-mailed Starett and they said to return it to them for a replacement . I was not too confident that the new one would be any better . Starrett also stated they were changing the name of the tool to remove the word `` protractor '' because they had received so many complaints . In my case , I simply printed a `` red '' arrow on some sticky label paper and then cut it out and overlayed the decal on the tool . It 's not pretty but the scale now reads accurately . I would not recommend buying this until this defect is corrected .
 The protractor I recieved was out at least 1/2 a degree , closer to a full degree . I went as far as to send it back to Starrett for repair . I got it back unchanged with no explanation , needless to say I was shocked ! In reading other reviews I 'm glad to see that some folks have recieved protractors with the decal placed correctly on the tool . It would appear Starrett feels that a degree here or there is acceptable for woodworkers . Maybe it is just the price , I do n't intend to spend $ 300.00 + for their 24 '' builder 's square to find out .
 As a professional carpenter I thought ProSite Protractor would help me quickly determine exact single and miter cut angles . While the concept of this tool is right on I found the one I received unusable as the scale was off . A straight cut reading from the protractor of 90 degrees for example , would also show a reading of 46 or 47 degrees for the miter cuts . What ? A miter for 90 degrees is 45 . So this is unusable as duh ... a miter cut even a degree off is unacceptable even in the worst of times.Needless to say , I returned this item and at least for now will return to my bevel gauge and trial and error but I hold out hope , that somewhere out there , in some distant enchanted land , a tool of this sort will shine in perfection and allow me the opportunity to make my job easier .
 Just got my new 505A Protractor . With a name like Starrett , and the $ 50 advertised price , I figured I could not go wrong . Well I did . This is a great tool but not too well built . Oh it is heavy enough , but for the money 90 degrees should be just that , not 89.5 or 90.5 and yes , all the other angles are off by a half degree too . I have cheap plastic protractors that are dead on . There is no excuse for shipping these things if they are not dead on correct . I paid for a quality protractor and got an expensive T-bevel . Shame on you Starrett !
 I 'm a finish carpenter that works in the pebble beach , ca area . I 've purchased this protractor for working on base , casing , and just general finish work where accuracy is critical . I found mine to be off about 3/16 of an inch in 12 inches @ 45 degrees.Not a real big deal , however when you need an angle to be right this is a good tool to get you into the general vicinity . I contacted Starrett about this and they 're standing is that they make their protractor within a 1/2 degree tolerance . Chop saw manufacturers make their gauges within 1/4 a degree ... The main reason I bought this is due to the Starrett name and its reputation for being exacting . Since I 've purchased this protractor , I 've also purchased one by True Angle -LRB- about 30 dollar cheaper -RRB- and have had its accuracy within a 1/16th of an inch.So in general the Pros are : Starrett name brandVery Durable Metal ConstructionSmooth Movement And Tight HoldingCons : Expensive for inaccurate ProtractorNone Adjustable for precisionAll in all , if I could find another protractor that was metal and as accurate as the true angle I bought I would have returned the Starrett .
 The protractor is good for some things . The scale is way too small for much of any type work ! I had intended or hoped it would be readable in 1/10ths of a degree . Sadly , this is not the case , the graphic showing this item was not large enough to verify the above mentioned . I will be looking at a digital protractor next .
 Starrett 's legendary name speaks for itself and the design is rugged and novel , but this unit is not accurate enough for woodworking or setup of shop tools -- especially miter saws . The protractor 's primary and miter indicators show up to a degree of difference even at square -LRB- half of 90 is not 46 -RRB- , and if set to 90 , it will not be close to the accuracy of a framing square . It 's fast for reading framing and finish carpentry angles on jobsites , but not accurate enough for tool setup tasks or precise woodworking cuts - good within it 's lane , but stick to squares for critical setups .
 It is disappointing that Starrett , the icon of precision , put it 's name on such a poorly made unit.The glue-on decals intended for angle measurement are both mis-aligned and mis-printed , making the tool unusable . If a pointer is aligned to a particular degree marking , the rest of the markings around the compass do not line up with their mates , and miss by as much as 1 degree . Note that 1 degree of measurement error will result in a 1/32 '' gap in 2 '' wide moulding.Consumers who buy based on the Starrett reputation are deserving of more . It is interesting to note that while the device proudly displays a US Patent number , `` Made in USA '' is nowhere to be found.I bought protractors made by both Bosch & Grizzly and will give this Starrett unit to my grandchild to use as a toy .
 This Starrett tool was not accurate . It may have been one that fell through the cracks during final inspection . Certainly not up to what I expect from Starrett , so I returned the item .
 I agree with one of the reviewers above . This unit is not accurate . I have been through two , and have checked two more from guys on my crew . The dial is off by anywhere between 1/2 to 1 degree on all 4 -LRB- with their own calibration marks ! -RRB- . It is a nice solid tool , and priced well , but if you need a dead on accurate reading keep looking . I switched to the bosch .
 The Starrett 505A was off by a full degree this is not what I expected out of a precision instrument made by Starrett I have sent it back to Starrett to be `` fixed '' I am waiting on them to return it now .
 I 've been wanting a Starrett 505A yet never purchased it until last week , because I read and heard so many complaints about its inaccuracy going back to 2004 . I also understand Starrett was made aware of the problem 4 or 5 years ago and therefore I made a presumption that the inaccuracy was fixed over the period 4 to 5 years . I think I 've stumbled on the problem.and hope it will help someone.Depending on whether you open the levers with the Starretts Label to the right or left makes a huge difference.If you swing the Label Arm to the right -LRB- clear aluminum to the left -RRB- the reading on mine is . -LRB- At a 45 degree Miter cut reading -RRB- , the Zero to 90 reading is off , that will be the reading of the wall angle.The net being 1/8 inch per foot inaccuracy . -LSB- visa versa at a perfect 90 degrees the Red Miter Arrow is off by 1/8 of an inch.To the contrary when you swing the Label Arm to the Left & Plain Alum to the right -- I get a near perfect 45 degrees . Wall measurement 45 -LRB- red -RRB- to Zero -LRB- Black -RRB- and the Miter arrow points to 45 -LRB- red -RRB- . Do n't ask me why . I tested this a good 10 times , each with the same readings . It 's just the way the dial label was made and doubt Starrett will change it.NOTE
 I know this plane was inexpensive , but I was hoping for a little better . I ordered this Stanley Block Plane as well as the Stanley Sweetheart Low Profile Block Plane . The Sweetheart lived up to its name - it is well built , nicely machined , sharp and flat . This plane is roughly machined , not even close to flat , the blade is heavily burred , and there is slight rust on the sole plate . I know , you get what you pay for . I started trying to flatten the sole plate last night ; I spent over an hour sanding it with 100 grit on top of my cast iron table saw table . After an hour , I have it nearly flat , but decided to quit for the night . I will continue working on this , sanding the base and filing the throat as needed . Sharpening the blade should n't be too big of a deal -LRB- I generally expect to do that on a new tool -RRB- though it was quite jagged . My guess is that I will probably end up investing at least 3 to 4 hours `` tuning '' this tool before it is ready to use . Do n't expect to pull this plane out of the box and put it to use .
 I was told the replacment blade might not fit well on handle but I needed it right away . It works for what I ` m using itfor .
 This is definitely not the Stanley of old . Do yourself a favor and search a popular online auction site and buy a vintage plane , you will not regret it . I received one of these for a gift , and believe me , it 's the gift that keeps on giving -LRB- ... -RRB- Even low end vintage planes perform better than this one . Cheap hardware , plastic handles ... -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is a very cheap product . One of my most regretable purchases . Not even good for on site rough work .
 I was disappointed with the adjustment knob . It is made of rubber and very hard to turn . The directions that came with the plane were very poor and almost useless .
 A chronic problem with microplane cutters is that if they use metal thin enough to cut quickly , there is a substantial risk that the user will press down too hard with both hands and terminally deform the planer . I have done this many times myself . Stanley protects against this by making planers that are very tough -LRB- thick metal -RRB- and by opening each hole only a tiny amount , limiting the depth of the bite one can take with each stroke . There is a time and place for that , and if you are a rough user , this might be your best bet . However , with a little more experience with these tools you will find that the pressure should be exerted along the cutting axis , not downward -LRB- against the wood or plastic you are shaping -RRB- . If you push along the cutting axis and carefully limit the pressure against the material , you will find that Stanley surform planers cut at only a small fraction of the rate obtainable with other brands -LRB- e.g. , Microplane -RRB- . The high rate of material removal possible with the other brands is very satisfying , especially if you are set on doing a lot of shaping . If , however , you just need an occasional chafe , and are prone to ruining tools with excess pressure , Stanley surform planers are a better choice . I have both types , but rarely use the Stanley .
 Ditto on all that was said in the other 1 and 2 star reviews , but shockingly I did not see any review mention the MAJOR security flaw of one of these units . Did anyone else notice that even if you lock the doors someone can still open the top of the entire unit by pulling up on it ??? Oh , and as the title of my review suggests we had missing parts . Luckily , we bought 2 of these and had enough -LRB- barely -RRB- to assemble 1 full unit . Awaiting a replacement from Amazon for a now more than incomplete unit that was missing a base , shelf or top and 4 whole poles/columns . Sheesh Rubermaid , really ? Really ?
 I purchased three of these cabinets for use in a wet location.The parts are crudely made and had to be trimmed prior to assembly to remove excess plastic hanging off of almost every part . Not a big deal but a nuisance.Assembly was very easy.However , the tops and bottoms of the cabinets have holes that lead to the vertical posts at each corner of the cabinets . In addition to these large -LRB- 1 '' plus diameter -RRB- holes that lead into the posts , there are eight smaller oblong holes -LRB- around each of the post holes -RRB- that lead directly into the cabinets.In a wet or dusty location water or dust flow directly into the cabinets through these holes . If one drops a small item , such as a nut , bolt , drill bit , etc. , into one of the larger holes , it is lost forever unless one empties and moves the cabinet to retrieve it.Finally , the doors open and close satisfactorily if there is no weight on top of the cabinet . If you have things like flower pots that one is filling with topsoil , etc. -LRB- the purpose for which I purchased them -RRB- , the doors bind badly and will not close.Rubbermaid does not have plugs available for these open holes on top even though they look as if they might have have been formed with a view to their being stopped with a suitable plug.Definitely a mediocre product .
 Even when assembled per the instructions the doors do not open and close easily . I had to file them down in order to make the cabinet functional . Many others have had similar complaint . You get what you pay for .
 The doors do n't close properly , and are very difficult to open . There is no way to latch the doors , so there is no way to keep children out of this cabinet if you are using it for paints or chemicals .
 I am using it and it will suffice but it is not up to the Rubber Maid standards I am used to . Holes were not all where they should be and there was a lot of trimming of plastic necessary and it still is tough to open . Would not order another , which I really had considered prior to putting this together .
 The Rubbermaid Heavy-Duty Resin Base Cabinet arrived on my doorstep in a box that had been damaged in shipping . I looked inside and found that the hinges had been smashed . I refused delivery and arranged for a new unit to be sent to me.When the replacement Rubbermaid Cabinet arrived , the box and the hinges were damaged in exactly the same way as the first . I again refused delivery and this time I cancelled the order.The plastic molded hinges of this cabinet are thinner than the rest of the doors . Also , there is no protective packaging . Rubbermaid just fits the plastic cabinet parts into a plain cardboard box . No doubt that is why each of the two units arrived broken in the same place - at the hinges .
 It looks great but it does not close properly . The doors remain open at all times even though it is not even full . Do n't bother with this . Shop around and find a different one .
 Wow what a piece of junk . If the cabinet would have been priced at $ 15.95 then it would have been an okay deal . First off the carton it came in looked like it just came out of the dumpster and had three miles of packaging tape to hold it together . Then the pieces themselves looked like they were manufactured by some grade school kids . The bottom piece had a hole in it which looked like someone punctured it with a screwdriver or some other dull object . At least the cabinet went together pretty good when I used my rubber mallet to help the poor quality pieces snap together . As I said it 's worth about $ 15.95 and that should also include the shipping .
 I notice my replacement product has yet to be shipped . .5 days ; Hard to meet a 2 day delivery ...
 the base cabinet had some deformed side walls that did n't align and make a good seal . they had a angle and should have been flat
 1 . This product is hugely overpriced .2 . The cutouts in the holes were so chincy , the plastic cracked when I inserted the poles . They left the plug cutouts in the doors so they would rattle around inside .3 . The top lid did n't size up to the holes . I had to bend the plastic to make it fit .4 . The assembly instructions were on the outside of the box - nice idea except that the packaging people glued the Bill of Materials right over the top of the instructions -LRB- so the glue would pull the top layer off the instructions .
 These stanley planes are not what they used to be . It takes way too much work to get the bottom flat on it . Save your money and buy a good brand name plane , these are not worth the money , in my opinion . I guess if you are just gon na do a door or so every now and then and it does n't have to be flat , then I guess it would be ok , but really if you want a good plane get a lie Nielsen
 I am not big or strong or young , but in less than a minute the handle of this tool just tore off . The handle is cheap thin plastic and is not repairable . I need the plane , so I spent a couple of hours or so fashioning a handle out of scrap oak , and I expect it will work fine . So if you are up for this type of make-your-own plane , buy this one and a piece of oak or ash .
 Handle broke the first time I used it . I was still able to use it , but the handle is pretty weak . Blade worked fine though .
 This product does what a good rasp does , remove material in a rapid but controlled manner . However , having read the reviews before purchasing , I was conscious of the possibility I would have a problem with the handle , and sure enough on my first hickory stick -LRB- bow making -RRB- the handle has started to wobble even before I had it floor tillered . I unscrewed it and yes , the plastic screw hole is beginning to split and probably wo n't last another hour . I went online looking for a replacement metal handle , looks like I will have to make my own out of wood or more likely , just look for another product .
 The handle snapped off the first time we used it ! And we were only planing the side of an interior door ! Do n't waste your money . Disappointing product from a brand such as Stanley .
 Stanley 28-500 Razor Blade ScraperTwo bucks is about all this tool is worth . It works , but the blade extension mechanism is fair at best and sometimes gets stuck , especially as the tool gets dirty . There is n't anything about this tool that distinguishes it from all the other cheap razor scrapers on the market . My advice is to buy a scraper locally and avoid shipping charges .
 I 've tried to use one of these and they just do n't work for me . The mechanism that latches the blade out will let the blade retract the second that you put any significant pressure on it . I usually end up either just using a razor blade with no holder or else an automotive style gasket scraper razor blade holder that does n't retract if I really need a handle . The concept is good , a razor blade holder that you can keep in your pocket or toolbag while you 're working , but it just does n't work in practice .
 This item came in a package that was opened . The blade was removed . In my opinion this is classic bate and switch . The picture has a blade and the description has a blade , but my package did not . If I could give this company zero stars , I would .
 Bought one of these from a local hardware store . Got it home and could n't get the blade to adjust . After further inspection discovered that one of the all-threads that the adjuster nuts move on was installed too far to center . Attempting to adjust the blade caused the blade to bind . Junkety-junk junk junk . Thanks , China .
 I do n't know why so many people give this spokeshave so many high reviews . I got it to make a Vulcan harp , to get into those places where a sander or a block plane could n't go -- yes , it cuts but even after grinding and tuning this spokeshave left nothing but chatter behind . I should have known a tool priced so cheap would also * be * so cheap .
 This looked like a great way to organize the tools in my garage . I set it up and later that night heard a crash . It had fallen over with the top half separating from the bottom . We set it up again , this time putting a brick at the back for weight . It fell over again ! A few days later I discovered dents and scratches in my car caused by the longer tools falling into it ! Do not use this for many long items or anything heavy . I bought it mainly for snow shovels and rakes , which was the majority of clutter in my garage . It should be mounted to the wall -LRB- Rubbermaid does not suggest this in the instructions -RRB- or used for smaller lightweight items which , in that case , is more practical to just hang up .
 The design of this is flawed
 I picked up one of these Rubbermaid racks at a local home center just this past summer . Its sturdy enough and well made in my opinion . And for what Amazon is asking for it , its reasonable enough for what you get . However , there are two things that I feel one should consider as to this units design before ordering . The first is to take note that this is a corner unit only . It can not be placed in a shed or garage against a flat surface without it sticking out and taking up needless room . Make sure you have a corner in mind or planned for it . The second thing to consider is the units low profile that pretty much prevents it from holding and storing the very tools that it is pictured with . This unit is under two feet in height , making it very inefficient and unsteady for storing tall rakes and brooms with heavy heads on them like the ones pictured . Fill this rack up with just what is displayed and you would be just fine . As long as you do n't ever go near it or touch it . Then it will tend to spill and fall over on you . The unit comes with a hook that is supposed to `` anchor '' it to the wall . Anchored meaning it is merely held to the wall , not screwed or bolted to it . Anchoring this unit as suggested with an S hook makes it no where near secure enough to handle the tall heavy tools that it is pictured with . It will still manage to move , bend , twist around , etc , with every removal and replacement . Its very corner design makes it quite difficult to solidly attach it to a corner wall or floor . This rack is a good choice if you have a corner for it in mind , and if you have a series of low profile yard tools and such that would not tend to overload it . The S hook anchoring system is efficient enough for that . -LRB- I found enough tools and implements that fit that description to make it worth keeping -RRB- . However if your collection of tools are similar to the ones displayed in the photo here , I would suggest seeking out a higher profile rack . This one is unfortunately just not high enough for what the picture suggests in my opinion ...
 I purchased this item to use in the unused corner of my shop . The rack is not tall enough to be stable , and frequently spilled the tools onto the floor . Could be used for small tools , but not with tools with long handles , like those in the picture . They must have taken the picture in the moments before the unit fell over . It now resides in an unused corner of my dumpster .
 The thing falls over if you do n't have the tools properly spaced with weight even out ! Pain and my husband doesn 's like it ! Was n't a good gift and I think I will drill it to the wall so it does n't bottom 's up again !
 How can this be the highest rated at 350 ft lbs when the 1/2 drive cordless Milwaukee is rated 450 ft lbs
 The Blade broke before i had the Chance to use it i think its Not a Good Deal i World Not buy it again
 this is really not even a plane ; it works more like a gouge and scaper . If you plan to use it on wood , do n't ! Do n't make the same mistake I did . All I got was gouges all over my board . The ergonomics of this unit is just horrid . Your hand will get tired after a few strokes . Buy a real planer if you want to work on wood .
 Having used the product as shown on the cardboard insert , there is only one positive thing to say . Gouging my wood has never been easier , faster , or safer . It has given me lots to practice to hone my wood filler skills .
 If I could give this no stars I would . Shoddy product construction . Hard to keep it at a consistent angle adjustment level . Just does n't work well . Bought this to even out the bottom of some doors , it chewed up the wood , would n't stay at adjustment level . Do n't buy this .
 I saw another reviewer got a plane that he had to retool and rework to get good results from . I bought mine for one small project , and after struggling with this plane for a little while , I quickly gave up and used another approach instead . I 've used other planes , and never had so much difficulty . I may get it back out and see if I can retool it to work better as the previous reviewer did , but reviewing it as the plane I received rather than one I had to repair after receiving , I ca n't give it more than two stars .
 The Hitachi 998864 8 1/2 - Inch Blade For NonFerrous Metals 60 Tooth did not come in the properly marked package . A 998840 24 tooth ATB rip/crosscut blade did instead . I again ordered the same blade -LRB- knowing Amazon would not believe me -RRB- from another company with which I do business , and , the same packaging error happened . Fortunately they got in touch with Hitachi and corrected the error .
 I ordered this saw blade too , and when my package finally arrived I discovered that I had received a pressure washer nozzle ???? I returned the item to Amazon warehouse deals and still have not received a credit !
 A lot of high quality parts put together into a saw that does n't have enough adjustment to make the blade square to the guide . Very very annoying . I bought the Milwaukee circular metal saw and it was absolutely awesome . I decided to get a matching wood circular saw and I 'm very disappointed .
 This is not a high quality saw . Blade was not at right angle to the base . No bevel adjustment . Returned to Amazon . Check out the Evolution brand of metal cutting saws . http://www.evolutionpowertools.com/
 Save your $ $ $ $ $ and but the 3 bay Lith Ion charger instead !! It does a better job on the NiCads and servers the dual purpose for NiCads and Lith IOns , which are way better than the ni cads .
 I owned this product for only 1 month before it decided to catch FIRE in my basement . Fortunately , the house did n't burn down thanks to the quick response from the fire department . There will be NO MILWAUKEE PRODUCTS -LRB- CORDED or CORDLESS -RRB- in my home . THANKS FOR NOTHING MILWAUKEE !
 The concept and design of the Milwaukee Multi-Bay charger is fantastic . If they work out the bugs it should win an award . The problem is that the device -LRB- at least the one I bought in December 2003 -RRB- does n't do what it is supposed to do . By design the device should charge your batteries , then keep them in `` trickle charge '' mode to top them off . This is supposed to maintain battery life , and ensure maximum power . If I leave my batteries on the charger longer than about an hour they are completely dead when I take them off . So far Milwaukee has failed to admit to this problem -LRB- go to the message board in the `` Heavy Duty Club '' on their website . -RRB- If you buy one , make sure you keep your receipt and understand the return policy . If they have worked out the bugs on newer chargers you 'll love it . If not , get back to the store ASAP to get your money back .
 Item works as advertised but honestly , you can tighten these things down by hand , cut the extra with a scissor and save yourself $ 40 . Unless you need the cable ties really tight , you do n't really need this thing . By the way , if you do tighten down all the way with this tool , when you go to take the cable tie off later , it can be difficult to do without cutting or scraping the material that was bound together -LRB- in my case , Cat6 ethernet cables -RRB- .
 Kill-a-Watt Caution . I checked with the shipper and this cord has a lower power rating than the Kill-a-Watt you may be using it with . To avoid over-heating this cord be sure not to use with refrigerator , washer , dryer , air conditioner or other large power using appliance . Kill-a-Watt is rated 15 amps -LRB- 1875 VA -RRB- and this cord is smaller , about 1/2 the amount of the Kill-a-Watt . We want you to be safe and avoid the classic `` extension cord fire '' from over-heating a cord .
 I bought these on the basis that I was getting 16AWG wire . Got them home , opened the box and they are 18AWG . Construction is fine , but they are not the wire that was represented . Sure , these are usually used to get a wall wart off a power strip , and likely youre not running a huge load through ... but still . Copper is expensive but no reason for the MFR to misrepresent .
 Like another reviewer said , they do n't send what they claim
 Power Strip Liberator Black Extension Adapter Cord 1 feet - -LRB- 5 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0015GQ4C6 Power Strip Liberator Black Extension Adapter Cord 1 feet - -LRB- 5 packs -RRB- packs -RRB- -RSB- -RSB- This product does NOT fit the description . It uses 18awg -LRB- American wire gauge -RRB- wire which is not rated at 10 amperes . I gave it one star because its only good for very light loads and could easily cause a fire or fail under load above 5 to 7 amperes ! I 'm very disappointed in this cheap , dangerous junk .
 Just received the package . Extensions are 10.5 '' long including plugs , not 14 '' as advertised . In addition the cable is 18AWG , not 16AWG . Do n't see Ziotek name anywhere . Most likely it is a no name Chinese manufacturer . Irritated ... do n't like misleadings ads . This is not the first time Amazon provides such poor service to me . I just do n't have any luck with them ... And it seems like nobody cares .
 The major concern that I have with these extension cords is that they are NOT UL approved . I have a lingering doubt in my mind about hooking up my expensive equipment to non-approved cords -LRB- weakest link -RRB- .
 Just received . They are 10 '' - Inch Exension power strip liberators ... not 14 '' as advertised . Irritated ... do n't like misleadings ads . Also , I had purchased these a few years back from a mail order catalog and was happy with them so I had not read the other reviews until now . The ones I bought from a mail order catalog were in fact 14 '' long , 13 Amps not 18 amps like these and they are UL approved which these apparently are not . First time got burned when buying from Amazon directly and I buy fairly often.Ziotek ZT1212542 Power Strip Liberator 14-Inch Extension , 5-PackZiotek ZT1212542 Power Strip Liberator 14-Inch Extension , 5-Pack
 Power Strip Liberator Ext , 5 PackHas no use with charging station valets . Why does Amazon suggest buying together ??
 These are $ 12 for a 5-pack . At most , you 're buying 5 more outlets for that . You can get a whole power strip for $ 4 -LRB- 6 Outlet Surge Strip , 307192 -RRB- , or less if you look around . Worst case , you could buy two power strips and use half the outlets , gaining 6 outlets for $ 8 .
 I suppose , these would have been fine , but it turned out I did n't need them . When I tried to return them , I found out I could n't . Guess I 'll give them away .
 The only problem with this unit verses the other `` liberator '' device is that this unit does n't have an extra power outlet which the other product does . With this and a 6 outlet power strip you get to use only 6 devices . With the other one , you can use 6 adapter devices and still have 6 outlets available ont he power strip so you do n't have to run two power strips . I think that feature alone is worth the extra money .
 This seat has been in use for about 2 months and yesterday both pieces connecting the cover to the hinge broke in the middle . I 'm not aware that anyone abused the seat .
 This product does not do what it proports it will . First , the self leveling feature does not work . I have n't measured the degrees which it is off , but rest assured you will regret using it if you do not double check your level with some other device . I have the odd hung shelves to prove it . It will project a straight line , but it wo n't necessarily be level . I purchased this item rather than other wall laser levels specifically because it claimed this feature.Next , even if it were to self level -LRB- which it does not -RRB- , the body of the device is so large and awkward it is cumbersome to place on the wall . It comes with a metal push pin which you are to press into the wall at one of the four angles of the device and then let the whole thing suspend from the push pin , which if your hands are n't strong -LRB- I am a woman -RRB- is n't easy . Also , due to the shape of the device -LRB- note it is round with four triangular corners projecting from four sides -RRB- the hole you punch into your wall with the push pin will not be in line with the laser line , meaning unless you are trying to place something on the wall which is large enough to extend over the hole once on the wall you will have to be content with looking at a push pin hole or you 'll have to go through the effort to fill it and paint over it . I do n't know , but I 'm figuring most folks are going to be hanging things like shelves and pictures , which first of all wo n't be lined up with the hole , and secondly are generally going to be hung AFTER the wall is finished and painted , meaning using this device is creating an entirely new project in addition to just hanging the picture or shelf -LRB- repairing the damage to the wall created by using the device -RRB- . In fact , given the shape of the device and the weight -LRB- which requires a solidly placed pin to hold it up -RRB- I really ca n't imagine an application where the hole needed to use the thing would n't be a problem.You will also note the unit is more expensive than competitors . When browsing I did n't realize how it would be secured to the wall , nor did I anticipate the size or weight of it . I had n't had the opportunity to see one in a store . I can only say I deeply regret my purchase , and had I purchased it from a brick and mortar store I guarantee I would have returned it the day I tried to use it . I took the time to write this review to prevent any other weekend decorator from making the same mistake I did.Hope this information benefits you , and I also hope Zircon looks at it and maybe redesigns its product . It is very poorly designed .
 First , let me say this
 Both the Amazon and Northern Tool descriptions show a 25-inch pound -LRB- lower reading -RRB- torque wrench . But when I got it , the lower reading was 50-inch pounds , which did not meet my needs . When I returned it because of the inaccurate description , the refund did not include the mailing cost of the return item . When I tried to get the problem resolved , Northern Tool asked that I just order another one -- I did and got the same 50-250-inch pound wrench that I did n't want in the first place . It 's a nice tool if you do n't need readings from 25 to 50-inch pounds , but it 's just not as described by the sellers .
 Do not waste your time . Northern Tools does not have this wrench , but they will ship one that costs $ 15 . less , sk74530 , and give no explanation . When you send it back , they will not refund your shipping charge . Read all the reviews and you will see there is a pattern . SK74530 is 50 to 250 inch lbs . Amazon.com should remove this item from the website . Sk74026 is discontinued and only a few stores have them .
 This supplier has ignored my attempts to return the incorrect mechandise . The phone number given on the Amazon website is no longer in service . The supplier Idea-mojo has not responded to my emails . They are a rip-off !
 The bearing plate required for the movable wood jaw was not supplied , hence , the screw was not a suitable replacement for my old one . Thus , it was returned to you .
 This is what they say about this product
 I purchased these levels from Amazon.com . The main problem was the longer level had a 3/16 '' crown in the center of it ! I called Irwin and their technician said to return to Amazon and have them send me another one . Well I sent it back and ordered STABILA 's set which is perfect . Also the levels vials are adjustable which STABILA 's are not . I 'd prefer not to have to adjust vials when I need to be hanging doors . I 've used other Irwin products and like them that 's why I tried their levels , even though all my past levels have been STABILA . Stick with STABILA !!!!
 This Crystal Pink Feng Shui ball is very poorly made . It looks like it was just a glass ball the was cut to look like a crystal ball . It has lots and lots of bubble in it that can been seen very good . I would send it back but it would coast me more than I paid for it . I guess I will keep this glass ball or maybe just put in the trash . I will nevery buy from this co again . Not happy with this at all .
 30mm vintage crystl pink feng shui ball
 My first order of 3 cost a total of $ 13 with shipping . When I proceeded to order another 3 the total cost with shipping jumped to $ 39 . Not worth it , will go else where .
 this item sits in my jar because the top part was broken goo thing it was not that expensive or I would of sent it back .
 I ordered 2 & even though they were delivered quickly they were made horrible . They feel very cheap & both were cracked on top -LRB- where you are to attach the string -RRB- . They were so cheap , its pointless to return them since shipping cost more than they did . They will end up in the garbage .
 The ball , and the other ball I ordered from the seller , arrived broken with chips on the top . otherwise would be a nice crystal .
 It appears to work just fine for getting rid of mice , but the red light flashes and emits a small beeping/clicking sound . The one in the garage does n't bother us , but the one that meant to be used in the house was too annoying .
 The nails appear to be fine , but for some reason they do n't work in my Campbell-Hausfeld framing nailer . Longer nails work fine , but this shorter nail causes the gun to jamb . The nail gun is listed to work with these nails , but it does n't . So I had to revert back to using 10d nails .
 The Bosch power tool battery I ordered from D-Lowlic never arrived at the correct address I provided ; instead , the postoffice returned it to D-Lowlic and they refused to send me a replacement ??? Amazon issued me a credit for the $ 30.00 cost of the battery right away . Neither reimbursed me for the $ 9.99 shipping costs .
 I had 3 of these Grizzly cord reels in our shop and became so fed up with them not fully retracting that I replaced them with the Rockler 12 gauge reels . I am so glad I changed them . Yes , the Rockler reels are 30 ' long compared to the 40 ' Grizzlys , but still the best for the money in my opinion . http://www.amazon.com/Shop-Basics-Retractable-Cord-Reel/dp/B001DSXDL6
 I received the product and found it looks much better in the photos . The cord will only lock into a couple of retracted positions and does not consistently rewind completely . The spring seems weak . I imagine in time I will be taking it apart just to salvage the cord . I suppose the price was too good to be true .
 The general construction is ok . The way they put the wall pivot together is second rate . Very difficult to mount . It could have been so simple.Now for the good part . The cord is heavy duty enough . The only problem is when you pull the cord out of the housing , try and get it to rewind back in . You have to play with it every foot or so because the cord binds up and will not go back in side . You have to actually feed it as if you were the guide on a fishing reel . This is serious serious problem . Like my air hose , the cord should fly into the housing with no snag . It just too bad the rewinder is such poor , weak engineering . I can not believe they would sell this with such a weak rewinding mechanism.Can I send it back ?
 I searched long and hard for the perfect oil rubbed bronze 8 '' widespread faucet for my master bath remodel . I was pleased to find that the Kingston Brass Magellan was on of my favorite designs at more than half the price of big names like Moen and Kohler.The saying you get what you pay for unfortunately holds true for this product . I have had the faucet installed for just over 2 months now and the finish is already wearing off ! Underneath the Oil Rubbed Bronze finish is a shiny silver which sticks out like a sore thumb . I have not used any type of abrasive cleaners to clean the faucet , only water itself which I believe it should be able to handle . Everything else looks so nice in my first total bathroom remodel that i 'm really disappointed and am going to throw this one in the trash for a higher quality product.Somethings are too good to be true : -LRB-
 I agree with the previous review . This faucet was extremely difficult to install -LRB- had to buy more parts to make it work -RRB- , and now , less than 6 months after installation , the finish is flaking off .
 I purchased these nails thinking they would work fine on my clipped head nailer . When I opened the box , I realized that they were actually full head nails and not clipped head ones . Amazon this is poor advertising on your part !
 I was looking for a more durable blade for my Gerber folding box knife holder -LRB- which is great -RRB- . These seem to last about as long as non-titanium blades and they cost quite a bit more . Not sure if it 's worth it .
 I have to say that I did n't return this set . I use these . After some -LRB- extensive -RRB- tuning , both of planes sliced thin curls from some wood including oak . I can even say I like the smoothing plane . However , I was a bit disappointed by the block plane .1 . Smoothing planeThis is definitely an OK plane . Has roughly No. 4 plane dimension
 Lots of wasted space because of the ` corrugations ' on the inside of the compartment . I guess this would add strength if you 're stacking them , but for me it amounted to lost space . Careful if you 're counting on all the advertised inside dimension .
 This would have been the perfect product , but I relied too heavily on the image for size reference , not the actual dimensions listed on the item . It is far narrower than this photo would suggest .
 My husband has big hands . But these are really ridiculous . The fingers overlap at least an inch longer than any normal large hand 's fingers would.Don ' t buy unless they 're for someone with a growth disorder !
 The picture shown is not the 317-U -LRB- go to Destaco.com and see -RRB- . Also the price is out of sight . Try toggleclamps.biz for great -LRB- fabulous -RRB- pricing and service .
 I bought this set to chase some threads on my Toyota 's exhaust manifold . I originally went to Sears Hardware but when I saw their set was made in China I thought I would just get this set . The Sears set was smaller but way better made . Normally if I buy something I just keep it but I did n't want to have to see the in my tool room . This set is so poorly made I could n't even chase the internal threads on the block . I ended up drilling and tapping with some high quality SAE US made taps I already had . Many of the smaller taps in this set do n't even have any threads cut into them and I do n't think they would cut lead . Save your money and upgrade .
 Both taps and dies are poorly machined , with a near complete lack of precision . They are also illegibly labeled , and , at times , incorrectly labeled -LRB- I have 2 dies which read M10 1.5 , but , looking at them , they are clearly different -RRB- . Taps are inconsistent , some appear to be made to cut sharp edges into threads , others are very rounded , and still others will only cut for the first centimeter of the 3cm cutting part of the tap.I should 've returned this , but did n't do so in a timely enough fashion . This is a warning to anyone thinking about buying this set , if you want usable tools , look elsewhere .
 I have purchased that set and i m very disappointed . Very BAD quality of all metal parts . In fact I will use only blastic box . I strictly advice DO NOT buy it
 Dont waste your time . sometimes I think to myself , yeah cheap tools might work out ok . most of my stuff is quality but I have a few things in there that are hand me downs that are just cheap stuff but still work . I dont know why I thought that a cheap tap and die set would be worth it . stupid me . I had better luck cleaning up a thread making a cut in a bolt with a cut off wheel and hitting it with a file .
 I purchased six KIDDE i5000 smoke detectorsFirex/Kidde i5000 Hardwire Ionization Smoke Alarm with Battery Backupand had them installed by an electrician . However after the installation , I found out that I was shipped the KIDDE i4618 smoke detectors instead . What a bummer . The box states Seriesi5000 then in `` small '' print on the back of the box it states model #i 4618 .
 I bought these as they were labelled as sterilized , as stated in their product information : &#34; Sterilized cotton tipped swabs are ideal for cleansing , removal of debris and for applying topical medications &#34; What I received was the swabs sent in an un-sealed , zip-lock bag . These were received on time as expected , but I specifically purchased them because they were supposed to be sterile . Since I can used them for painting or other purposes , I 've given 2 stars , otherwise it would have been 1 .
 Way too thin , broke over half , all i needed was swab to clean a cats ears , Not heavy duty use
 Though the product description on amazon.com claims the item is sterilized , the item 's packaging is clearly marked `` non-sterile '' . The product description should be changed so that it accurately describes the product .
 I WAS DISAPPOINTED THAT THESE WERE NOT STERIL . EVEN PETS DESERVE TO BE GROOMED WITH CLEAN PRODUCTS I ` LLONLY USE THESE WITH ALCOHOL ON THEM .
 Though the product description reads `` Sterilized cotton tipped swabs are ideal for cleansing , removal of debris and for applying topical medications , '' it has little to do with the product . The product is clearly marked non-sterile on the packaging .
 I have a love/hate relationship with this knife.Pros-The body is a little fuller than some and fits my hand well . Even though it is painted a glossy finish , it does not slip in use . The button to open or close the blade is smooth and works without sticking.Cons-Lenox makes a big thing about the opening for the blade being one-piece titanium to eliminate spreading . Great , but how about the way that piece is attached to the rest of the handle ? It has two small spot welds which broke away immediately after very light use , and now the only thing holding that titanium end in place is the two clamshell handle halves when they are closed . This is a major design weakness.The extra blade storage is overrated . I have seen it spec 'd to hold from 3 to 10 spare blades . Wrong . It is tricky to get the handle closed with more than one blade inside.For me , the biggest negative is that this knife is not compatible with anything other than Lenox blades . How can that be you say ? Are n't all utility knife blades universal ? The overall dimensions , yes . But this knife needs Lenox blades which differ by having four notches at the top . I have yet to find any other brands which will lock in . If you need to replace the blade in a pinch , you are up the creek unless you have ready access to genuine Lenox blades.For me , there are too many compromises/quality issues to to use the term GOLD to describe it .
 Looks great , blades may be great , knife wo n't fit the blades in a safe and reliable way . Do not get unless you keep the package so as to return it if the design has not been improved . Absolutely useless , and I had a talented carpenter look at it to see if I was missing something ; he said , No way it can work , even with its own blades . As a tool collector , I have 3 or 4 other utility knives of original design and all of them work fine ; this one just did not go through a beta testing phase -- or , like Microsoft Office 3 , it did and they ignored the findings !
 I finally gave up after my 3rd one went bad.I really liked the knife with the feel and quick blade change . And I had bought a large supply of their blades . Also a standard stanley blade will not fit these knifes . But the little stubs that hold the blade in wear out real fast . I do not use them every day and got about 6 months out of each one . I would say it would hold up to about 1 or 2 hours of sheetrock use . They may last if only cutting cardboard but nothing else.With a higher price it will not even last as long as the cheap ones . Matter of fact I have never worn out a utility before these .
 As others have mentioned other blades do n't fit properly . Knife has a flimsy retracting thumb slide , mine broke after about three weeks . A buddy of mine warned me when I bought it , he said he went through a few of them . I shoud have listened to him , besides my stanley knife has never failed me .
 Lennox should put the blade changing directions on the handle itself . If you just pick one up laying around to use , pushing the button forward to make the blade extend is straight forward . If you have never changed a blade , and no one told you , you wo n't figure it out by yourself . Opening the handle exposes the mechanism , but does no good using your fingers only , you ca n't remove the blade , or the mechanism.If you have the blade retracted , which is how most blades are changed , in other brands , you still do no good . Pushing the extend button down at the retracted position results in nothing.Closing it up , extending the blade , and pushing the button to the side does n't allow the blade to easily remove from the handle , suggesting that 's not correct , eventhough it is . Being mechanical minded , suggests to me that a screw driver or pocket knife will probably only warp or break something.You 'll end up going online as I have , or calling your buddy at 1:30 AM.For the best similar example
 Someone got their wires crossed over in China!When I received it , there was no stadia , sent it back , received another , no stadia!I also noticed the `` sliding '' thing did NOTHING !! Sent it back for a refund.Hey China ! We might be your `` dumping grounds '' but wer ' e not all stupid !
 I purchased this item as a `` poor man 's transit '' to rough out a building site . The price seemed reasonable in comparison to the `` real '' instruments . The product is crude and economically manufactured in China -LRB- what is n't these days ? -RRB- . It 's functional , but by no means a precision instrument and the instructions and user manual are crudely translated on a flimsy little rice-paper pamphlet . It 's not what I had envisioned and barely usable for my intended purpose .
 These are OK for a single gang box but still do n't always fit that well , but if you have a double gang box , good luck finding a Carlon extender to fit . If you have a triple or four gang box , forget it ... they do n't make them ! These things will not nest side by side . They are too rigid , and have unnecessary molded bosses . They become a pain in the butt . Buy the Arlington brand instead . They are flexible and easy to trim if needed . They even make extenders for single through four gang , if you can find them . The three and four gang ones are new and not readily available yet . I am really disappointed in Carlon , being a big name in electrical supply .
 Plugged the unit in at an outlet above the kitchen counter because the thought of mice where I prepared meals completely grossed me out . A few days later I saw a mouse on top of the stove not four feet away . Save your money .
 I was so hopeful that this unit would help control our growing problem with mice . They love climbing on our counter so we put humane mouse traps in their path . I plugged the PestContro unit in the wall right above the path they take to get on my counter and one unit on the other floor in my house . I have since caught about five mice -LRB- in 9 days -RRB- that walked right under the PestContro unit into the traps . The `` sound '' does n't seem to bother them at all . Needless to say , I will be returning the PestContro units I purchased . In my opinion , this is just an over-priced piece of plastic.Now , the Smart Mouse humane mouse traps are a really great find . If you want to get control of a mouse problem , these traps are a great thing , and are sold on Amazon .
 Maybe it works on rats , but I had purchased it for cockroaches.They 're still here running around underneath the thing , so , save your money and get boric acid .
 bought this because i always have crickets going off in my walls and stuff . this says its supposed to be good for up to 2000 sq. feet . my house is only 1700 sq. feet and it does n't work . maybe it works a little bit -LRB- or it 's just wishful thinking on my part because i spent like 30 bucks on this -RRB- it seems not as bad with the cricket situation but the crickets are ` nt gone . i probably wouldnt reccomend buying this unless you have one for every plug in your house . your best bet is to call an exterminator or go buy your own bug spray and do it yourself .
 I puchased two of these hoping for a humane solution to a recent mouse problem . I would say that the mice laughed and continued eating . If you want results , spend your money on traps . If you want to watch mice laugh , this is the product for you .
 Another failure . I bought a B&D ; unit and that did not work . I was really hoping that this one would . It comes as a nice unit that you simply plug into the wall socket . It has flashing lights and a test button to confirn that it is working because otherwise there is no sound.The first failure was in a room adjacent to the main basement where I had plug in the unit . This was one week after installing . I thought that the ultrasonic waves could not penetrate walls but then it failed again with rat trapped in the main basement-20 feet from the unit . So be forewarned that this device does not work for everyone .
 I wanted to use something non-toxic , non-chemical to avoid mice visits , so I tried this ultra sound pest controller . However , this did not do anything -LRB- at least at my place -RRB- I found their evidence right in front of this every morning . I returned this in two weeks . I wonder what condition/situation is required for this to work since it worked for some people .
 They ship to Israel , but not to Hawaii ?! Also , this is listed at a 6-pack ; it 's actually a 4-pack . Try Filtersfast.com
 This compass did not work well from the outset . Next time I will just pay the extra money to buy a Brunton instead .
 I contacted the company through the website what the percentage of aggregate versus acrylic polymer was and they told me NONE OF HIS BUSINESS . Because of their unprofessional conduct I would suggest finding something else .
 This nailer would not feed 16d nails reliably so had to return it . I called Hitachi and they told me the feeder on this unit is larger to accomodate full size 3 1/2 inch nails strips . Since I am using 3 1/4 inch 16d and 8d most of the time , they recommended I buy the NR83AC nailer instead . I wish this information had been in the product details .
 I had a moth problem in my house and bought this to help eliminate them . I watched as they flitted around it , landed on the table in front of it , and seemed to enjoy it 's company . Not one flew into to it . I killed more by slapping my hands together . Some items you can find another use for it they do n't do as promised . This one I ca n't .
 I bought one of these from a local store , as the clean looking design is complimented nicely by the brushed nickel , which matched the other nickel hardware in my bathroom . Too bad the materials are cheap . The bolts holding the seat to the toilet do not stay tight , you have to constantly reach underneath to tighten them . If not done regularly the small screws holding the mdf seat to the hinges start stripping the mdf seat -LRB- it is a very cheap material and should n't have screws trying to stay tight drilled into it -RRB- . Even with me regularly tightening the bolts the mdf eventually gave way , and the seat came apart from the hinges , requiring me to replace the whole thing . This was not just bad luck , as I had also bought one with the rubbed bronze hinges for a different bathroom and had the same problems . Also , do n't use any heavy duty bathroom cleaners on it or the finish gets a stained look and will look dirty permanently .
 The seat is fine it 's the hinges I have to tighten then almost every day , poorly constructed . .
 I got this gift wrapped for my wife 's xmas present . When she opened it she thought it was an interesting play on one of her favorite items . She tried it out and ended up in the ER . Not cool . This is not what you think it is .
 I do concrete countertops , small works . I bought this for its compact size and handiness , and it did n't cost a lot . It worked well for about an hour . The battery would n't last for more than 5-10 minutes and took forever to charge . It comes with one battery and charger and I could only find one brand of battery that was `` close '' to fitting this tool , but i had to modify it to fit the slot and then only partially . Now , the only way I can use it is to use my 18v Dewalt batteries and some custom jumpers and lots of tape . Now , after a dozen uses , it works intermittently like it has some bad contacts or brushes ... Im done with it . I got what I paid for .
 Dont send a boy to do a mans job . . Dissapointed in Milwakee 's product for the first time . problems with chuck bearings . can not screw or drill much load . maybe a 12V drill should be called a screw gun not a drill
 The item does not cut off the power 100 % - I plugged in a string of LED lights and when I turned them off with this switch , they continued to have a faint glow . I thought maybe the glow was normal , perhaps the heat or electricity just needed to discharge from the lights or the switch -LRB- obviously I 'm no electrician -RRB- . But come morning , the lights still glowed.I unplugged the switch from the wall socket , and the dim lights went out completely . I plugged them back in with the switch in off mode , and the lights glowed , the same as before.So , long story short , the switch does not cut off the electricity completely when in the off setting . Not only is it wasting some electricity , but I fear it may also damage some electronics . A low or incorrect supply of electricity can be very harmful to some electronics . That 's why a `` brownout '' is worse than a `` blackout '' . Also note that I tried the Stanly brand electric cord and switch and had the exact same result ! The Stanly cord and switch looks and feels exactly like this switch ; I would bet good money they are made by the same company , and that would explain why they have the same flaw.Update
 Whatever you 're plugging in must be able to reach the outlet . The 15 ' cord is for the on/off switch only .
 I bought this item thinking it was what the product name describes , namely an extension cord with a switch . It does not extend the power at all . Instead the item you want to plug in plugs in to one end of this cord . The cord then has 15 feet of wire with a switch at the end . I did not use the product , so I do n't know if it has the problems that other customers have mentioned . But I can say if you want an item that has a switch AND acts as a power extension cord , do not buy this product . Amazon , please change the name to something like `` 15-ft Wired Electrical Power Switch . ''
 If you have children , puppies , or are just concerned about health , please note that this item contains lead and is so noted INSIDE of the packaging.I originally reviewed this item on September 12 after installing it in our home and loving how well it worked ; I saved the cardboard packaging to read later . When I sat down to read the fine print , on the outside of the package I discovered this generic warning
 Item says it has 3 outlets , only one outlet at the end of a long chord wit a button on one end .
 This is not an extension cord . Your item must plug in at the wall outlet , only it does so into the back of another plug . So you have a plug into a plug into the wall , with a very long wired on/off switch . The design is awful , since the plug into another plug into the wall adds weight to , and puts pressure on , the plug that makes contact with the wall outlet causing it to droop . It is not compatible with a wall wart and should also not be described as an extension cord , since it does n't extend your ability to plug something in far from the wall outlet it just has a really long on off foot switch . A useless product of poor design and quality .
 I have a woods extension with a remote foot switch but is also an extension cord with three areas to connect to . This product is not what I anticipated.it to be . It would only accommodate one plug in item and is really not an extension cord but a remote more or less . . I will keep it but Amazon needs to clarify the description of what this item is and as it is stated now it is misleading .
 This item came in with the right hinge broken.I was so mad I threw it in the garbage can !!! Toilet seat !!
 Pretty obvious that the company that ships this does n't care if it makes it in one piece or not ... mine did n't . Gees , the hing was broken , a hard part to break the way it was packaged , so I think it must have been broken before they even shipped it . It was banged up , nicked , scratched and a total mess . Amazon was great and paid for shipping back to them -LRB- I have n't gotten a refund yet but do n't expect any problems with Amazon . They 's always been great -RRB- . But for the small price difference , you 're better off going to Home Depot or Lowes and seeing what you 're getting .
 Hinges are made of crummy quality metal material . They 're engineered very thin around the screw holes . Then after six months of use the metal corroded and broke . Very low quality design and construction .
 Do not buy this gun . Clipped head nails are no longer being offered by bostich and no one else offers 28 degree nail sticks . Bostich will offer to ship you a feed liner to supposedly you can use the full round head nails but why bother . Some building codes require a full round head so clipped head nails are now extinct .
 THE hinges were of very poor quality ... . seat could not be lined up with toilet -LRB- causing constant shifting -RRB- ... . after only two weeks in use and much slipping ... . had to be replaced ... the only thing that got sucessfully flushed involving this seat was my 30 bucks !!
 I ordered one of these back in 2008 and liked it so much I decided to reorder it again . The oak color matched the rest of my bath and the seat was comfortable . However , since then I have order it twice now and each time it comes - it arrives in the wrong color.Amazon has taken them back so that is positive . However the color is brown . . almost like a very dark walnut . Perhaps the company has changed the color and if so hopefully Amazon can take out the word Oak in the description and also put in a proper picture . I mention this because I ordered it twice and had to send it back twice thinking that maybe they had just packed the wrong item the first time around.Apart from the issue with color , I really liked the product .
 A previous reviewer wrote this was four pieces of oak glued together and broke . I would have been happy to get a solid oak toilet seat and have to glue the pieces together if they broke apart . The seat I received is not solid pieces of oak , or any other wood . The package says it is `` genuine solid oak '' . Apparently , the Chinese have a different concept of `` solid '' than I do . Perhaps they just mean it is n't a liquid or gas . The item I received was not solid wood as advertised by Amazon -LRB- sold and shipped by Amazon -RRB- . It has a veneer over some other substance that I suspect is medium density fiberboard -LRB- mdf -RRB- . I bought this item because it was advertised as solid wood and the picture appeared to be made of solid pieces of wood . Was I disappointed !!! Shame on you Amazon.The hardware is supposed to be in a plastic bag taped to the inside of the packaging . When I opened the package , the plastic bag had a large hole in it and the hardware was loose in the package . I could n't find one of the plastic washers anywhere.I would never buy this again and not recommend it for anyone else . This purchase is making me rethink Amazon as a store for regular purchasing . It looks like I 'll have to try -LSB- ... -RSB- to see about getting a custom seat made .
 The seat is made of four pieces of wood glued together . After only a couple weeks , one of the joins began to split , and within two months , the seat was completely broken.It 's very pretty , and priced well , but I ca n't recommend it .
 Do not buy this item -LRB- Ginsey Deluxe toilet Seat -RRB- . It is of poor quality in workmanship and material . I purchased two . The seat split on the first one 2 days after installation . When I opened container of second one the lid was cracked in two pieces . Took seat from one and lid from other so as to make one until I could purchase a product of better quality . Again do not buy this item .
 I bought this seat 2 months ago and it already broke in half , it 's made very cheap !! I just wish I had n't thrown away my old toilet seat !
 Be aware that this model is only the 7-1/2 Amp saw , not the heavy duty 11 Amp saw . I 'm surprised that many are paying more than $ 110.00 for this light-weight instead of just paying just a few dollars more for the 11 Amp , which will outlast this model , and blaze through your projects without overheating and bogging down .
 The Irwin Company has a long tradition of quality products that are made in the USA . Their Vise Grip brand comes to mind . In an effort to cut cost , deplete the US economy of jobs , and boost their profit margin they are now marketing this cheap import with their name attached . No where on the discription of the product do they tell you that it is made in China . Only after you get it are you disappointed.Moral of story ... buy from Ridgid !
 I wrote this several months ago
 New style easy-clean hinges ... while a good idea , just did n't hold up . I 'm male , 6 ' 190 lbs and it was broken within a month . Too bad ... the butterfly pattern fit my wife 's bathroom decore .
 Poor quality . Ripped in two places after 3 months . Padding is not good quality . Bottoms out . Not recommended to anyone .
 picture shows larger 2.4 battery but add says 1.7 size . no response from seller , working with amazon which is always great . arrived in a timely manner .
 Originally I ordered 2 of these lights . They arrived in an Amazon box with the original product packaging inside . These units are made in China , and the original packaging looks like its been through a war . The packaging is also very flimsy , and in my opinion for a delicate item like this is totally inadequate.Amazon promptly replaced the damaged unit , and I received another that is damaged even worse that the previous one.So I am returning both units today for a refund . In my opinion , Amazon should drop Quoizel as a vendor and stop taking any orders as long as they keep sending inadequate and severely damaged packaging and product.I have hundreds of previous orders with Amazon and this is by far the worst product packaging issue I have had . Amazon has been very prompt and courteous with the returns , but overall I think they would do better to weed out vendors of this quality.I 'm going back to Amazon to search for new lights , but definely not from Quoizel .
 These guides are advertised as being in inch dimensions . If that 's important to you - for accurate template offsets , for example - pass these up . All have millimeter OD 's . None are the fractional inches shown . I 'm returning them unused as being useless for my purposes .
 This is a * hard * to use set of template guides . Since there 's no container and the guides themselves are n't marked , it 's hard to get the right size one when you need it -LRB- or know what sizes you have -RRB- . Spend a little more and get a set with a case , or spend some time to build a case you can easily use to identify which is which .
 I installed this in my bathroom about 8 yrs ago . Soon after , the handle leaked . Contacted Kohler for replacement parts . The replacement leaked too . We rigged it to work temporarily but I 'm buying a new Delta faucet instead . Our Kohler handheld shower and the shower door also broke . I purchased Kohler brand because I thought it was quality and it would last . All done with Kohler .
 I would not buy this again . Within 1 year , the `` chrome '' hinges , which are just plastic with a chrome covering , start to peel . The seat then gets locked up , and wo n't properly open and close . I did not have a good experience with this item
 I ordered the tool with the 7/16 '' hex and received a 1/2 '' square . THe box was right but the tool was wrong . Both Amazon and the manufacturer claimed that the tool I received was a reworked version of what I ordered . I lost respect for Milwaukee tool on that one . I was also told the right tool was not available and was offered the opportunity to return it . I do n't plan on ordering reworked tools online anymore .
 This level i must say is very solid and will stay true . Magnets work very well . The bubble in the vials separates with the slightest vibration or tap . This is unacceptable from any level in construction use . I am very disappointed in IRWIN as i trust them to make decent tools . I am a commercial carpenter and rely on my hand tools . this torpedo level is ridiculously heavy . I kept trying to loose this level and it kept ending up back in my too bag . I 've finally parted with it , and i currently use the `` Stabila 25100 10-Inch Die-Cast Rare Earth Magnetic Level '' I could not be happier .
 Listen to the other reviews , I should have . I waited over a year to pick up this saw from when I saw it introduced.I ordered this from a local reputable wood shop and assembled the unit per the included directions.At the point of blade installation I was appalled to find that the blade was 1/4 '' out of alignment . The blade could not be lifted to full height through the red insert . Heck , it was 1/16 '' from hitting the cast iron frame lip that supported the insert plate.Per the local repair center 's instructions I dissabled the unit and even pulled the motor off to relieve the pressure/stress on the frame and bolts during the alignment process . I was able to take it from .250 '' to .042 '' out of alignment but the tie rods connecting the trunions are warped . Including my time , I 've had the unit in the repair shop now for over 3 weeks since purchaing the unit , and have yet to turn the system on.One thing I did find out from working on this left tilt blade is that this saw is very difficult to work on compared to a traditional cabinet saw or contractor saw . If your looking to save space in your shop as I was , dont pay the extra for the compact footprint and the motor . Its not worth the hastle . Delta has low quality control on this product .
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 My saw arrived a couple of days ago without the Biesemeyer fence system . My saw was shipped from Amazon inventory in Irving Texas , and I notified Amazon immediately that they had n't shipped all the boxes . It took 5 days just to get a form letter response to my first email.After 9 days of run around , counteless emails , and conversations with managers , and a Amazon telling me it would take at least a month for them to ship the missing fence , which they admitted to having in stock , I canceled the order , am returning the saw , and bought a different saw locally.Now to the saw : The shipping crate was a little worse for wear , but still intact . The only visible damage to the saw was a slight dent on the motor cover , and a spot where the paint rubbed off the motor cover from something in the crate rubbing up against it.At first glance the saw looks very good . Delta has obviously put a lot of effort into a good finish , however he fit on this saw is poor.On my saw , the mating surfaces on the right side of the main table , and on the right extension table are not square , the result is that when the right-hand table is installed , it angles up resulting in a substantial gap when I lay a straight edge across the table top . I had to shim it with .012 '' shim stock to get it to bolt up flat.I would not recommend this saw and I really would n't recommend Amazon .
 I 've been woodworking with Delta products for over 10 years . In my opinion , Delta 's quality has gotten worse . I got an `` excellent '' deal on this saw -LRB- $ 775 -RRB- but was pretty disappointed by the quality . For starters , this saw is made in China and , simply stated , it 's obvious . Cheap cabinet , cheap screws . The fence is bolted on and if you have to remove the screws more than once -LRB- like I had to -RRB- the badly tapped threads become stripped.My friend bought this same saw -LRB- we got the same deal -RRB- and he 's already had to take his to the shop because the tilt would n't go past 20 degrees . The instructions were OK but hardly what you 'd expect for a > $ 1,000 saw . It took a LOT longer than I expected to get the table saw assembled . It would seem that could make the assembly much easier - rather than expect the consumer to finish the manufactoring process -LRB- seriously , the extension table was n't pre-drilled ! -RRB- . This 36-717 saw will be my last Delta product . I have n't really spent much time looking at Jet or Grizzly ... that 's my fault/regret . It appears Delta is no longer concerned about quality control . I 'm sorry to see that Norm still uses Delta - they must be paying him big bucks .
 Positive - The Bies fence is great.Negative - The fence is n't any good if the saw does n't work.I received the Delta Hybrid about a week after placing my order . Assembly and alignment took ~ 3/4 of a day ; directions were adequate . I then ripped one 8 ' 2x6 in half and and the engine burned out.After about two hours on the phone with Delta Customer Service , I was told that I had two options
 Delta 36_717 biesmeyer fence w extension table etc. . very poor instructions for assembly do n't understand why a hybrid should even exist at all . They could have sold it as a entry level cabinet saw . What 's the point anyway?Spent hours trying to align the trunnions under the table everytime I tighten the bolts down the setting would change . It 's been a real pain in the *** . The blade guard/splitter is a joke ... PIA to align I expect most people would not use it . The pulleys on the arbor and motor have no flanges so its by luck the ribs on the poly belt line up if it all because you ca n't take a straight edge and see.the weight of the motor hangs off the belt which acts as a tightener , just try to lift that damn motor with one hand and try to put the belt on the pulleys with the other real fun !! I found the tightening knobs on the blade height / angle crank wheels have different thread metric on the blade height shaft and sae on the blade angle shaft . One of the knobs is not going to fit on the shafts goodluck!The beismeyer fence instruction set is the pits too almost nothing shown actually corresponds to the bolts and fasteners in the packaging . the thing may as well be written in Chinese.I got the thing running but it makes a weird moaning sound not a constant moaning sound . like a sine wave it goes up and down . . do n't know what to say . I would have expected Delta to be top of the food chain here . for 1000 bucks I would have expected better . Like the other reviewer said `` it 's apiece of junk ''
 I did not like the Delta 36-717 and my guess is Delta is going to re-design this saw . I had a lot of problems with it , including shaking badly ; however , my local dealer , Apex Saw of Reno , NV stood behind the product and took a return . In addition , Delta stood behind the saw and also told me they would give me a return.That is great customer service and I want to praise Apex Saw of Reno and Delta for their service.AD2
 Every new product goes through a shakedown period . All the early reviews for this saw seemed to reflect every problem in the book . So I waited until the reviews got better . I ordered , and the saw came in a sturdy , intact crate with the three fence boxes in perfect condition . The shipper put the pallet right in my garage . I unpacked everything , and all was in great shape . My only challenge was to get the saw base into the cellar . I stripped it down and using an appliance dolly it was soon in place in my workshop . I put the wings on one wing side at a time from an elevated position , and had no trouble tightening everything up and in alignmant . The motor was a challenge , as I had removed it to lighten the cabinet , but raising it up using the packing material guided it into position with no real trouble . I took off the base to mount on a movable frame , and then slid the whole thing in place from the pallet.The saw runs beautifully , with no vibration , and plenty of power . Quiet as a mouse with a dust collector in place . Who does n't wear ear protectors ? All in all , exactly what I wanted and expected from Delta and Amazon . They probably shipped 20,000 units and at first got 12 bad reviews . Not bad , considering . Time to order with confidence !
 I bought this saw a week ago and it is still not running correctly . The front Biesmeyer fence bracket had one hole drilled incorrectly and had to be replaced . The back bracket interferes with the blade gaurd . The whole thing vibrates enough to put waves on the surface of a glass of water placed on the table . Delta says the belt just needs to be worn in . I think it 's a faulty motor , but I have to humor them by running it for hours to convince them . There is no mobile base available for this saw yet.If you want to troubleshoot and tinker with a saw that is still really just a prototype , you 'll love this saw . If you want to actually use a saw though , forget it . I 've lost a week of work screwing around with this dog . They make you assemble and adjust things they could have done just as easily at the factory . I do n't want to work for Delta assembling saws . I want to USE the saw . I will never buy Delta again .
 I doubl if Delta 's design engineer ever tried to put this saw together ! Putting the belt on the motor is a half hour chore . The left extension wing on the table has a 20 thousands dip ground in . The right table mounting holes did n't line up . I had to elongate the holes to level the right wing with the saw table . It took 8 hrs to assemble the saw . The saw blade raising and lowering mechanism is difficult to turn.I used the saw for two months when the 1 3/4 hp motor quit . This is a cheap motor and the wrong application for this saw . It is a capacitor start , which is fine , but it also has a capacitor for run-which means it has an internal switch - which can go bad . A saw is frequently turned on and off and so this motor should not be used on a saw . I have a Delta contractor saw I bought 25 years ago which has a 1 1/2 hp capacitor start motor . It is still running fine . This is what Delta should have put on this so called `` Industrial '' saw.Well , it has been over two weeks since Delta said it would send a replacement motor - but they have no idea when ! Just Great ! What will they send ? The same motor or one that fits the application ? I will keep you informed , if Amazon permits .
 Sad to say , this latest Delta saw is junk . I own 9 other Delta products and I can say without a doubt this machine is inferior . I originally ordered this saw in 3/05 as an addition to my shops Unisaw and was told it would not be delivered until late June . By late August with no saw in sight , Amazon cancelled my order and told me Delta was having quality issues with the saw and probably would not import it . One month later it was still in the catalogue so I ordered it again and actually took delivery of it . The shipping crate showed no sign of being miss handled so I accepted it . Upon uncrating it in the shop I was amazed by the amount of damage to the motor cover/access door . A crow bar and small sledge were employed to open the door and beat the cabinet back into some shape . This damage most likely occurred in the factory , due to the undamaged condition of the packing crate , and it was still shipped ! The assembly instructions are inaccurate and incomplete , as were the instructions for the Biesemeyer fence . You are left to guess if you got the drive belt on straight , the `` factory aligned '' arbor was out by 5/32nds of an inch and I was not able to get it closer than 1/32nd of an inch . You can gain access to the rear bolts thru the sliding panel for the splitter and the front left nut buy using a 10 '' extension on a ratchet . Do all of this before you install the fence . To install the fence itself requires some ingenuity and thought as the instructions are not very clear and the holes and hardware do n't match . All in all POOR ! Try a Powermatic saw . The quality is stunningly poor relative to what I was accustomed to from Delta . I would have to think hard about if I would ever order another saw from them . Lastly , power is adequate at best . I was not expecting it to give my Unisaw a run for the money , but I 'm glad I was only planning on using it for sheet goods . Think hard friends , and have a complete set of tools , before you buy this LOSER .
 it 's not what it used to be , ... very poor quality , no leather insole , just the heal piece made of the leather . I returned them .
 I was looking for Oomphies , which I have bought several times over the last 15 years . These have the appearance of Oomphies on the website , but when I received them I found them to be very poor substitutes . The styling is dowdy and the materials inferior . I guess Oomphies are gone for good .
 Nice slipper but I 'm concerned about slipping as the sole is very smooth . Also feel slipper is off about 1/2 size . Will try to break them in and any suggestions for the soles would be appreciated . Never spent this much on a slipper and am disappointed .
 I bought these slippers for my mother in law who has been wearing this brand of shoes for over 35yrs , and she couldnt get her foot into it they are so narrow , and I purchased a ww ... these shoes just are not made right
 Daniel Green slippers , like everything else , are now made in China . They are no longer all leather inside and out . That is what made them so fabulous ! I was so disappointed with the man made materials on the inside , and returned them .
 i purchased your slippers with a gift certificate i got - unfortunately they are NOT TRUE TO SIZE - and they had to be returnedand i therefore was charged for the postage on said purchase which i dont think was fair - i have worn this product before and had no problem - so it makes me wonder WHY these didnt fit
 My wife knows her shoe size . We ordered according to her shoe size and the slippers were too small . The item was fine otherwise . We had to return them . The vendor should know his product and warn people that the sizes run small so that we could avoid the error and pay for shipping that was unnecessary .
 I ordered a 6.5 W and it was still too narrow . I have ordered this slipper direct from Daniel Green and the regular 6.5 was narrow . But the wide was no different than my old pair that was n't a wide . I tried to simply exchange it but was not allowed . They took returns only . When I tried to reorder , the discounted price had increased by $ 15 . DO NOT ORDER FROM THESE FOLKS !!!
 The belt I received had less friction to it and the wood slips a little bit when it goes through the sander . For the cost , I am disappointed , to say the least .
 As others have stated , the installation is a bit tricky . I had to totally remove the tenson roller bolts to get the belt on . Another 1/2 '' of material would not kill the supplier . That being said , I do like the belt . I have not had an opportunity to use it for an extended period , but I will be milling and sanding a lot of Hickory this week . To the person having slipage issues , be sure the tension rollers have adequite spring pressure . That will make a big differance.Update 2-17-11 . I just upgraded my sander with a 1-1/2 HP Motor . I have had a lot of problems with slippage with the poly belt . I added stronger springs to the tension adjustment . I will be running many board feet of cedar today . I guess I will find out if I have solved the slipage issue.If you do not have the ability to modify your machine , I would not recommend this feed belt.More to come.3-1-11 After running for about five hours running a lot of cedar boards I have found that the belt will not maintain tracking at all . I have to leave the bolts holding the outfeed roller loose so I can adjust the belt every hour or so . Even with micro adjustments , I still am unable to get this thing to track.I have been working with wood for over twenty five years and have maintained my equipment through the years . In retrospect I wish I had just purchased the Jet/performax belt.Update 2/3/2012I am going to get rid of this worthless feed belt . It will not track , material right out of the planer slips so I have to follow every piece with hand pressure.Basicly I consider this a total waste of money !!!!!!!!!!!!! If I could give this zero stars I would .
 I purchased this replacement belt based on prior reviews that i read and they must have written them themselves because the first little piece of wood i tried to sand just came to a stop while under the drum . turns out some sanding dust came off the drum and got between the feed belt and the wood and caused this traction problem.the problem is this dust is unavoidable , its a drum sander ! the belt needs to have a more aggressive surface similar to the one that came on the sander originally.THIS IS A WASTE OF $ 95.00 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 The belt seems to look like it will outlast the sandpaper type . Absolutely no information on installing the new belt big question use the guide blocks or not I left them off seems to track just fine . Now the big question how well does it work ? Not to good work pieces totally slip the surface is more like nylon than rubber -LRB- if your familiar with rubber roofing pretty much the same . -RRB- just way to slick . I 'm hoping in time some of the slickness will wear down then it might grip . I think for $ 100 with shipping it 's a waste of money . If you do a web search there is a place that sells the sandpaper feed belts for $ 25.40 . Do n't know if I can post the web site this might help search `` Sanding Stinks but Our Sandpaper Rocks ! ''
 I bought this unit about six years ago , and used it a few times a month for light-duty electronics work . It simply stopped working one day . It just blew warmish air instead of hot air . Do yourself a favor . Buy something else .
 I ordered four of these porch lights and every one of them arrived broken in the same spot at one of the four braces holding the glass on the top portion . They appeared to be relatively well packed and came from two different shipping locations so I can only assume that it is the metal in the fixture that is weak . Also the glass in them is held in by little `` L '' brackets that allow the glass to slide around . I returned them for a refund .
 we only used it occassionally at work . . and burning smell was coming out from it ... and it went dead.poor quality
 I loaned this from a friend in like-new condition . I used it once on 6 screws and then it stopped . It now only moves counter-clockwise .
 Buy this for the set of bits and throw out the screwdriver . The screwdriver does not have enough power and only has one speed . You can not adjust how quickly it turns by pressure on the trigger . This yields tons of stripped screws . It also does not have enough power to screw in anything by soft woods or pre-drilled holes . This gets two stars for an amazing array of bits . I use the bits all the time in my Dewalt driver .
 The drill is a wonderful idea because it fits my small hand and is light enough that my arthritic wrists can handle it . But it was not powerful enough to drive in screws for the first two projects I tried it on .
 I bought it to drive screws into a 2x4 where I was going to put a clothing rod up . It did n't work at all for this . It did help me put small screws into another project . However , I am very dissapointed . I feel I wasted my money .
 This little drill is not worth the effort . I have an earlier B&D rechargable I use a lot but I bought this one because it was small and could get into small spaces . But when you put on the bit and adapter it is as long as my regular driver . And the bits and adapter fall out of the `` chuck '' easily and I 've nearly lost it the few times I have used the tool . It hold a charge for along time but that does n't count for much as I probably wo n't use it .
 after reading all the reviews for this tool i purchased 1 from amazon . . i have used it several times and found it to be far inferior to my milwaukee screwdriver . . i barely got about 20 minutes of run time from it . . i am an electrician and use it for replacing devices . . my milwaukee comes off the truck after sitting a week and can knock off 15 or 20 devices no problem ; charge it fresh and it 's good for all day . . this tool barely made it through 6 devices . . i 'll try to charge it longer and see if it changes the duration of use . . if you are looking for a hard working tool , look at the milwaukee screwdriver kit . . you 'll pay more , but it is worth it
 I 'm glad it was free . It came with some other tools I ordered . I am a remodeler , and this is not a professional tool . It lacks power , and speed , so I ca n't do much with it .
 I ordered four of these porch lights and every one of them arrived broken in the same spot at one of the four braces holding the glass on the top portion . They appeared to be relatively well packed and came from two different shipping locations so I can only assume that it is the metal in the fixture that is weak . Also the glass in them is held in by little `` L '' brackets that allow the glass to slide around . I returned them for a refund .
 Update ***** I exchanged it and found that my new one is much more accurate . It is only about 1/16 inch off at 16 ' . I am very happy with this one . Once again , I reccomend checking it.I bought this last night to mark a small room for chair rail . I started at one point and went around the room in both directions from the starting point . By the time my two lines met , I was almost an inch off . The room is not even 10 ' by 10 ' . After playing with it for awhile , I discovered that at 10 ' I was approx 3/8 '' off . The spec says + / - 1/8 '' off at 10 ' . Maybe I got a bad one , I intend to exchange it and try again . Bottom line is if you get one , check it . One simple way is to hold it on a wall , mark it approximately 10 ' down , then turn the device around and hold it 's face up to the wall and check the line again at 10 ' . The marks should be no more than 1/4 '' apart worst case.Even with this kind of innacuracy , it can still be useful for some jobs . Like I said , I intend to exchange it and see if I can get a good one .
 First of all , there is nothing ` SONIC ' in the measuring capabilities of this tool . You need to roll the tool across a smooth surface to measure distance between two points.The unit is made of cheap plastic with a couple of rubber grips . The leveler on/off button feels as if its going to come off if I use it one more time . The buttons in the front get stuck into the unit sometimes and need to give them a few seconds to come out.When I ordered this tool -LRB- my bad that I did not read the complete description of the product on Amazon -RRB- , I was expecting a tool to measure distances that uses ` sonic ' -LRB- ultrasound , to be more precise -RRB- waves . Rolling the unit on a surface to measure distances is absolutely not something I had in mind.Though I did n't like the bulkiness of this unit , I was prepared for that already as I read that in a couple of previous reviews on this product and checked the product dimensions . But if you need to roll it to measure distance , you need a wide rolling path.I do n't think it 's worth even < $ 40 price I paid . I am sending it back to Amazon .
 Although we 're fairly avid do-it-yourselfers , this is our first laser level . It is very easy to use . I love the vertical/horizontal feature . It does require a small hole in the wall to hang it on , but we have n't found that to be a problem.It also works well lying on the floor for aligning tile , etc. . I would n't hesitate to recommend it for the average DIY-er . ** UPDATE ** I would no longer recommend this product . I realized a few months after purchase that the level is n't level !! I was painting stripes -LRB- horizontal -RRB- around a room , and discovered that the `` level '' line is off -- nearly an inch off by the time I made it across two walls.We no longer use this level because it is just `` off . '' No good .
 Black and Decker has an excellent idea but needs to make this out of harder plastic.I broke mine while hamming of a wall and it fell on carpet from 3 ftgive me a break.I was able to fix it but still the point.Otherwise a good tool marks around corners and shoots a great beam no `` special glasses `` Like the older ones.Good tool for a homeowner but not up to par for daily use.Also the sonic tape measure is good for estimating but I would cut anything by its measurement if thats what you have in mind .
 since the milwaukee company sold out to ryobi , the quality and workmanship have declined dramatically , but since there are no mechanical parts on a canvas bag to go cheap on , they couldnt mess it up to bad !!
 I have the full set of Bosch 18V Cordless tools and am very happy with them . However this unit was a major disappointment . It burned out after very little use . I have the Corded Bosch Jigsaw and it is a much better tool .
 My first one failed and I assumed it was just a fluke since my other Bosch cordless tools are very reliable , so I ordered another one . The second one burned out after about 2 hours of intermittent use.Very disappointing that Bosch continues to sell these .
 The motor got burned after about one hour use . I hope to not have the same problem as I have the whole fleet of cordless tools . Only the jig saw had a problem . It 's so usefull for me I bought another one . I 'll see.The second one got burned as well . Do n't buy it . Do n't . Buy the corde one .
 It worked well until it burned out with very little usage -- perhaps one hour . A very expensive hour at $ 145 plus a very expensive battery , which is now of no use .
 The motor on my saw burnt after little use . Great saw while it lasted , but at a high price . Trying to bring awareness to BOSCH that it 's time for a safety recall . If you experience a similar problem , please let BOSCH know .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Because of the weird bowel opening at the bottom of the bowl this toilet can not be plunged . It took forty minutes , no joke , to unlcog this toilet after it stopped up . I literally got a workout doing it and I suppose the clogged up toilet paper eventually brokedown and allowed the toilet to flush.I called Kohler about this and they said it 's a known issue , yet they were not smart enough to fix it . The new Cimarron and similar models have the very same issue . Kohler suggested a special type of plunger which we bought and paid extra money for yet it also could not plunge the toilet . Aside from this whenever anything gets caught on the sides of the bowel , it will not flush because of the way the toilet is designed.We are getting rid of this toilet and I can not wait to flush this toilet in a dumpster -- goodbye Kohler !
 It 's nice to see that when you advertise deep discounts it includes an $ 80.00 increase in price .
 Being a carpenter for 28 yrs now . My trusty pouch of 10 yrs has failed . Only need the left side but ca n't find same brand . Sure this system has alot of pouches but no place for pencils , nailsets or my knife . I 'm right handed , so , my knife is on the right as are my pencils . No little slot for them on either pouch . And whats with all the hammer holsters . Also , whats with 2 tape slot holders . Never in my 28 yrs have I seen a carpenter use a tape slot to hold their tape . The clips break , I use a tape pouch , much easier to get in and out . So I 'm returning it today and restart my search for a new pouch system .
 Totally disappointed . Really ca n't find anything positive to say . I do n't like the setup for several reasons it may be me but its now mine . Let 's start with what looked big in the pic really is misleading . The small pockets are actually too small to carry a quantity of screws nails etc for hand work . The hammer loops have my hammer banging off front or back of leg -LRB- get to that -RRB- . Tape clips make tape obtrusive and tape will probably get knocked off too often . No pencil holder where I preferSwitched bags around and took off small loose pouch . Plus side my phone is now in back away from sawdust spitback and water dripping off roof . That 's just a sore spot . Prices of phones today I try to keep it well protected . Do love the extra velcro to keep phone case attached . Now divided handtool and 3 pouch is on right . I prefer to grab small bar chisels etc from left I 'm a righty . Hammer claw now sits atop first pouch but that does keep axeshaft from banging into my knee somewhat . Speed square spot is ok just ok . But now I have pencil where I 'm more comfortable . I 'm . Also not thrilled with the fact that everything slides around when not being worn . Suppose you could rivet bags directly to belt but that takes away being able to remove bags or switch up or out to other options . Handles on top of pouches would 've cured that like on Husky bagsI do n't know if its me or overthinking on Milwaukees part trying to fit 10lbs into 5lb bag but personally its like having legs come out of your shoulders and arms out of your hips
 It 's large , cumbersome , underpowered and slow . Instead of the two double sided bits advertised I got one single sided bit . The articulation is nice but the whole thing is far to large to fit into smaller areas were that feature would be handy .
 This product is terrible . It has no power . I would like to return it .
 This tool worked fine for everyday-type chores . The built in light is a definite plus.One hangup however.THE TOOL DROPPED DEAD AFTER LESS THAN 19 MONTHS AFTER PURCHASE.I tried recharging it -LSB- with the charger that came with the unit -RSB- to no avail . Worse yet was my ` quest ' on the unit to find a way to get to the ` replaceable battery . The only visible screw on the unit was at the back end of the handle and was of the Allen -LSB- sp ? -RSB- variety . Not one of my set of 11 Allen bits would fit.Possibly the saddest part was that I purchased this at the retail price of $ 30 . This was not a re-conditioned job , so try to imagine one that had already been returned to the factory . I then paid to have it recycled at the dump!This experience will keep me away from ALL Skil products .
 Unfortunately , there are a lot of negatives with this product that I wish I had known before purchasing . To start off , I was hesitant about the safety of this product . It may be certified by TUV and considered safe by OSHA/NEC standards , but essentially it is a charger attached to the quick connects of a standard receptacle . I put my concerns aside and attempted to install the unit . After removing my old receptacle I found that the unit was too large to fit in the receptacle box ! Unless I wanted to replace the old box , which would include making a larger hole in my wall , this was n't happening . Also worth mentioning is that the unit is not self-grounding . That means a ground wire would have to be fabricated if there is not one already attached to the old receptacle 's ground screw . I am not an electrician , nor to I have the time or patience to properly install this product . If you plan on purchasing this item , I would suggest studying its intended location for any obstacles like the ones I mentioned .
 I thought this item would clean up some of my USB connection mess and be an easy install since I am a former licensed electrician and have installed more duplex receptacles than I care to count . The shipment arrived as promised and the picture illustrated in the offer appeared to look like a normal duplex receptacle along with the two USB plugins . As soon as I opened the box , however I a was disappointed to see that the device was so bulky that I wondered if I would be able to install it . The design of the device is , in my opinion , very poor and it took me a very long time and a lot of aggravation to attached the hot , neutral , and ground wires.The case appeared to be designed by an accountant not an electrical engineer . Why ? there was not sufficient space allowed to put the wires around the screws -LRB- to narrow -RRB- and the ground connection was especially awful . Finally , after attaching the wires , I could n't slide the device into the standard box . Oops , the hot wire had to be routed down and back in a channel and the white wire has to be routed in another channel that was recessed along side of the device . It finally fit in the box and I installed the face plate . To add insult to injury the punch out for one of the USB ports was misaligned and misshaped . I was able to move the plate enough to push in the USB plug . The USB plug worked as promised , but I would avoid this product especially if you have no experience in installing receptacles.PRO
 I installed this outlet and wired it according to the instructions . Both plugs and one usb port have power . Unfortunately , one of the usb ports does not power on .
 Bought this as we thought it would a great idea . It did not work well with the outlets and it seemed to pull too much away from the socket .
 I bought this outlet as I thought it would be easier to charge many of my devices without having to use the adapters . The device I was planning to use with it the most was my Android Asus Transformer Tablet . Even though the description indicates that it has 15AMP for the USB which is required for most tablets like the iPad it would n't charge mine . When plugging a phone or iPod in it works just fine but for my primary purpose this product did n't meet my needs or expectations.I did n't see any other reviews or comments related to the iPad or other tablets so if you are thinking of using it for that purpose beware .
 I have checked the Underwriter 's Laboratory website and found NO LISTING for either `` Fastmac '' or `` TruePower '' -LRB- the company name listed on the PDF installation instructions for the Fastmac -RRB- . I contacted UL directly and they have no devices listed for either company . Simply quoting the UL categories under which such a device MIGHT be listed is not sufficient . Unless ` Abbi ' can provide a legitimate UL file number for the device , I would have to consider that it is NOT UL approved . I would hesitate to install one in my home , especially considering that the extra depth of the device would cause a crowded wiring condition in a standard 2.5 inch outlet box .
 One of the more serious questions I would have about this product is if it is UL approved ? It is normally a violation to put line voltage -LRB- 115 volts -RRB- and low voltage into the same electrical box . Questions about this to the company have gone unanswered . The company has now responded to the direct question ... Is this device UL approved ? The answer was not forthcoming and eluted to a little know 3rd party organization called -LRB- TUV -RRB- who claims that it meets `` safety standards '' . I have always believed as a master electrician that unless there is a UL sticker on it that it does not meet NEC , local and county fire and electrical codes . I would use extreme caution in purchasing and installing such a product .
 This device does not indicate that it has a UL listing . Many other , but not all similar devices sold here on Amazon also do not have a UL listing.As a fireman , I know that if you are in the US and have a fire , and the cause of the fire is determined to be this device , and it is not UL listed , your insurance WILL NOT PAY!It seems to be false economy not to buy an UL listed outlet.One reviewer mentioned TUV in Germany . That 's fine - if you live in Germany . Although , it is my understanding that Germany uses a different plug configuration and 220V , not 110V , so I do n't think this product is intended for the German market .
 ... twice , shame on me . I spent time and money to have this piece of crap installed and USB ports did not work at all . Great idea , bad quality . I will be returning it and not buying from this brand again . I do n't need it that bad .
 I bought this but unfortunately did not read the reviews and found out too late that it will not charge myblackberry torch 9800 .
 I used a Porter Cable for several years . When it quit , it was cheaper to buy this Bostitch than to have it overhauled . I wish I had gone for the overhaul.Inconsistent depth . Often double fires . It jams a lot , but on the plus side it is easier to clear jams than the Porter Cable.I regret this purchase.Jim
 CMT makes an excellent router bit but Amazon ca n't ship it safely . I ordered 2 bits and both were damaged from poor packaging . I asked Amazon to send replacements in better packaging and they too arrived damaged.Again , I will continue to buy CMT bits but they definately wo n't come from Amazon .
 Note that the band shown as a companion product is not the same band that uses the 90538 replacement pods . The old 90518 band was discontinued and I have not been able to find replacement pods for it . I ordered what were supposed to be replacement pods for this from Ace but I received pods for the current model which are useless with the old band . The picture on the Ace site and here shows the 90538 pods with the blue stem but they are sending out 90537 pods instead , which have a hole and no stem making them useless for the old style band .
 As per the other review here - the pods they ship are not as pictured . They have no peg to fit in the headband and will not work .
 We purchased two of these lights for paintings in our living room . When they were installed we could not believe how badly they lit the artworks . The only lit the top 1/6 of the paintings - actually mostly the wall immediately above the art , even when we trained them down as instructed . There were 5 small bulbs , in the size we bought , and rather then give an overall even lighting , they showed 5 separate spots of light . The light quality itself was unpleasant and it strained your eyes to look at the paintings . When we bought them the dealer said that they were non-returnable . Now we understand why . They must have had so many returns that they had to make that policy . Rather then give them away and inflict them on someone else , we threw them out in spite of the rather expensive price . We understood that The House of Troy has been in business for a long time and has a good reputation , so we were quite shocked .
 The good news is you get a box that holds tools , and tool sizes are fairly standardized . The bad news is the tools themselves are n't very sturdy . I had already broken some bits for the screwdriver on the second or third use .
 Bostitch does not have a customer review section , that should tell you a lot . The compressor comes with a 1 year warranty . Mine quit just after a year with very light usage . I tore it apart . The 1.3 HP motor should not have a ratting of more than 1/8 HP , no heat dissipation , very little fan cooling and then only when running . Just as it needs the most cooling when finishing a compress cycle the fan cooling quits . The motor has PLASTIC bushings ! The Max.ambient operating temp . is 94 ` F . The over temp protection is very cheap and unreliable , mine took over 3 days to reset ! The motor has just barely enough power to build enough pressure to shut the motor off from the pressure switch . The diaphragm pump is undersized as well , the last 10 pounds of pressure takes about as long to build as the initial 115 pounds . SAVE YOUR MONEY , this is a way under-designed product , not worth the money at any price .
 I purchased this compressor in late November and had no problems with the compressor until January . The compressor started to leak air out of a valve on the side and would constantly run to try and keep the air compressed . That issue was fixed via a 30 minute conversation over the phone , but then 1 week later the compressor began to only compress air up to 20PSI total . It would run and run but never actually compress any more air . I had to take the thing into a local authorized repair shop because it was past 90 days at LOWES and the repair shop has now had my compressor for 1 month with the expectation that it will take another 2 weeks before I 'll get it back . Stanley Bostitch said that there is a manufacturer defect with that type of compressor and I just have to wait for the company to fix it . DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT , unless you have a backup compressor on tap to use because 1 1/2 months to fix the thing does n't work for someone that needs the compressor every week to use . TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE !
 Had unit 18 months , was used maybe a dozen times . Motor froze up . Warranty supports wants me to drive 80 miles and pay to gave it repaired . Do n't waste your money !
 All my good air tools were stolen , including a good Makita compressor , so I decided to buy an inexpensive compressor that would n't be such a loss if stolen again . Bought a relatively inexpensive Bostitch that worked well at first , and then bought another rebuilt one for spare . Neither compressor got much use during warranty periods , and both refused to build enough pressure to drive framing nails into southern pine after light to moderate use . Still work OK if using spruce lumber or small finish nails . Good compressor for someone who will never or seldom use it . Sort of like a cheap exercise bike . Good tool to buy if you do n't plan to use it much ! Basically , it is a junk throwaway tool .
 I bought this compressor to use as a portable unit ; nail guns , air up tires etc. . First , it will not start on an extension cord smaller than 12 ga. . Second , it is often hard starting even plugged directly into an outlet . This compressor has less than two running hours on it , and I 've gotten no reliable use from it . At this point I 'm ready to give it away , So I pulled the cover off to clean it up , and discovered the casting broken just above the mounting bolt on both sides . I paid $ 200 for this thing , and got less than 2 hours of use from it , and now it is ready for the dumpster.Man , but this ticks me off.I will never , and I mean never buy another bostitch product !!!
 We bought this 6 gallon compressor and have had it for two years with very light use . The regulator knob where you set the psi is plastic and it threads onto a metal pipe , so the threads are quickly eaten up and then the unit will not work . This is a very common problem with these compressors -LRB- you can look it up and see many complaints online with the regulator -RRB- . We tried contacting the 800 service number - who sent us to a local -LRB- 40 miles away -RRB- service center . Of course they will be happy to replace it for parts and labor $ - with another plastic knob that will not last.We have also had to replace the hose that was on the unit . I do not recommend the Bostitch brand of tool or thier service .
 My compressor failed after owning it -LRB- bought new from Lowe 's -RRB- for about 2 years . I did not use it heavily , and the piston and what looks like a fan failed ... grinding to a halt with an ugly noise . My customer service interaction with Stanley/Bostitch -LRB- the maker -RRB- had them asking me to pay $ 116 for parts , when I paid about $ 160 for the product . For a few smallish parts -LRB- less than 10 % of the whole -RRB- they want to charge me $ 116 . My response to them
 I bought this compressor with the trim gun set for a good price at Home Depot . It always smelled kind of funny when it ran but since it was brand new I assumed that 's just the way it was . I had it two years with very intermittent use and one day it started to smell worse and worse and start to smoke . Now it wo n't even cut on . The warranty is up so even though the compressor is basically brand new and broken , I 'm out of luck so far.From other reviews I 've found online it sounds like this model compressor is a complete dud .
 The regulator WILL break , get another brand . It only lasted 3 months on medium use .
 The very first day I started using it , not even two hours after I ran it for the first time it just ceased . I called the manufacturer and the only other option they gave me besides shipping it back to them was to physically bring it in to a repair shop over an hour away . I got it back two weeks later , and it worked just fine for about a month until it started acting up again to the point that it just would n't load beyond 20 PSI.For a less than $ 200 compressor , it is just not worth my time to be on hold for an hour to claim the warranty or drive for an hour to have it fixed yet again.My advice , invest on something more reliable -LRB- I am not blaming the brand , I use Bostitch Nail Guns -RRB- but I know that if had taken the time to research it a little further I would have never have to waste my time or money on this .
 I 've had this compressor for a couple of years . I framed and finished a basement with it when I bought it , and then it sat for a year or so , and now I 'm trying to use it to fix some fencing.When I first bought it I noticed that if it was cold and there was any pressure in the tank -LRB- 10 psi or more -RRB- the motor was not strong enough to run and build pressure . It would turn a couple of times and then stall and you could hear it drawing current and not getting anywhere . I would have to turn it off , empty the tank , and then start the compressor again . Once I did that the motor would get running and it could build up to 100 psi no problem.Recently it started doing this every time - meaning I would shoot 5 nails and the compressor would kick on but the motor would stall . I would need to shut it off , empty the tank , and then turn it on . It takes a few minutes , but it builds up a full 100 psi again ... Maybe there is something wrong that needs repair , but I ca n't find anything on the web about what might need to be fixed . I think the motor is just too weak on this compressor ...
 I have had mine for about 1.5 years and used it sparingly during that time . I noticed early on that is had issues from not turning off to not turning on . Now i can not build any pressure as the regulator is broken . I took it apart and saw that the unit is basically a plastic quagmire . It is of very poor design . Bostitch should be ashamed for selling this crap . Now in the scope of things I wonder how long it might be before the tank over pressurized and blew up my garage . Do not buy this or any other unit made by this company . It is simply dangerous IMHO .
 I purchased this to do some work around the house after hearing that Bostitch was a good brand . Well , technically it did allow me to complete one project but it was incredibly loud and it took 15 minutes to achieve decent pressure -LRB- !?!?! -RRB- . I used it for tacking up baseboards -LRB- small finishing nails only -RRB- and then stored this thing in our workroom . I also used it to pump up low car tires once . Just over a year after purchasing it , I tried to drive some more finishing nails but this thing wo n't charge up beyond 10psi . It is out of the warranty period and it costs almost as much to fix it as to buy a new one.Next time I want to buy disposable garbage I 'll just go down to Harbor Freight and save some money...-Disgusted .
 Purchased this product in 2007 and use sparingly . Have not been happy with the product . Had to replace the compressor head because one of the wafer springs broke . Then the safety switch stuck open and would not pressure above 20 lbs . Now the there is leakage back through the cylinder and will not hold pressure . Also , after pressure drops back for the unit to start again , somehow the cylinder is locked and the motor spins in the belt.I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this from a box box retailer that bundled it with a brad , finish nail , and stapler gun . For starters this thing was loud , really loud , and would take a few minutes to get up to pressure . But it worked and I did a few light projects with it over two years . Perhaps this was a sign of quality control , but it would lose pressure fairly quickly , like in 2-3 hours it would be down to 10psi if I just left it . That 's a sign of poor sealing somewhere.Anyway , a couple of months ago I brought it out , and it struggled to get to 100psi - I ended up stopping it at 90 , did my few nails , and them put it away again . Next time , would not pressurize at all.An email to customer service was quickly answered - could be a couple of items - they ended up shipping me parts for free - a valve and two gaskets . The compressor was able to get up to 40 PSI but then would stall . So they sent me another part for free - this time it was not a part on this compressor so I gave up.In the meantime I got an Hitatchi model and it was soooo much better . Quieter , faster pressure build , and it would hold pressure for days . I did n't know what I was missing in a pancake compressor.In a nutshell , this design is very loud , slow pressure building , and does n't hold pressure , even when new . Not reliable . Only saving grace is their customer service cares and tried to help out . Not perfect , but they tried . That 's why they get two stars instead of one for this compressor .
 Purchased this compressor w/Brad Nailer as a gift for my son . He used it once , then moved to an apartment , storing the unit with me . I went to used it and it would not bring up any pressure . Afraid I broke it so looked up a factory repair center . I brought it in and they told me `` they did not want to mess with it '' . I said what ? and the explained that this was so bad he had ten that customers have just told him to keep it . Also the factory rep came by and he could not even fix it . He went on to say he replaces the valves in them for $ 47 in parts + $ 40 in labor , the customers leave and return them next week broken with the same problem . Bottom line the nailer is great , but buy a Craftsman compressor and save yourself the headaches .
 Feb-2014 . I have 2 of these . One runs but does n't compress air ; the fittings broke off the other -LRB- under pressure , which was fun -RRB- so I 'm using the 1st one for parts.If I 'd known these were made in Italy I 'd have not bought them . I have 2 other pancakes
 The unit was a gift . I started using it some months later , after it was out of warranty . On the very first project , it started leaking air at the regulator/switch assembly and would no longer develop pressure . The design of this assembly is very poor . I can see why the factory was not able to assemble it correctly and the reviews are so low -LRB- more 1s than 5s -RRB- . Out-it-goes . No Bostitch purchases for me . I got a Husky , no problem .
 Bought this to replace an old pancake compressor . This Bostitch is very noisy , almost too loud to be inside . Also has very little useable capacity , runs almost constantly on a framer and very frequently on a finish nailer . I used this on one job and am replacing with a Dewalt twin stack . As I have many Bostitch Nailers I was very disappointed with this compressor , the only good thing I can say is that it was fairly inexpensive .
 First one arrived broken . Amazon took it back and sent a new one . Worked ok for a few months and now runs constantly at about 110 psi when its not even being used . I 'm told its a bad piston/valve assembly and now I have to take it to the nearest repair center . Its also pretty loud but comparable to other similar pancake compressors . Anyway , my advise is buy a porter cable if you want something that works for around $ 150 . Sounds like many others would agree .
 My home compressor is a Makita Mac2400 which blows this thing out of the water . However , I have to use the bostitch at work . Earplugs are my new best friend . This thing and the portercable pancake are too loud IMO.I have to admit , we run this thing pretty hard bangin in floors all day and it keeps up . It seems to be hard working . Regardless , I ca n't wait till it breaks .
 Got my Bostitch CAP2060P delivered by FedEX and opened to find that the top was crushed as if someone had turned it upside down.Called Amazon and they sent a replacement the next day by UPS.I opened it to find that it was nowhere near as broke as the first , but still the handle was broke.Called them back and now it looks like all I 'll get is a refund and experience opening the boxes these come in.I am really upset over this and am now scared to order anything of this nature from Amazon .
 THE FIRST COMPRESSOR I ORDERED CAME WITH A BROKEN CARRY HANDLE.GUESS WHAT ? THE SECOND WAS THE SAME WAY.QUALITY IS NOT IN THIS PRODUCT .
 Have been waiting for this item . Delivered today . When I got home I found the box was left upside down , because the bottom of the package had been taped up . When I looked inside , found the handle broken with pieces in the bag . Item looks like it had been repackaged because the staples were open on the bottom and had been taped shut , the top still had the staples in . Will now have to wait for a replacement and another week of waiting or so . Quite possibly they tried pawning one of the other broken handle ones on me based on the other reviews .
 BAD RELATIONS WITH RFBDIRECT TRIED TO RETURN MY COMPRESSER BECAUSE OF VERY BAD REVIEWS AND RFBDIRECT WANTED THE COST OF SHIPPING FOR BOTH WAYS PLUS 15 % RESTOCKING FEE ABOUT THE COST OF THE COMPRESSOR . I 'll NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN ... EVER
 This mower is nearly $ 600 less than the nearest competitor which . Makes it appealing to the budget buyer . BUYER BEWARE !!! I bought this mower new in April and mowed with it for 5 weeks before the right hand hydro went out . It was in the shop for an additional 5 weeks . When I finally got it back I had the pleasure of using it another 3 times before it was stolen . The belt constantly came off for no reason . I could mow in 18 '' tall grass for an hour and it would stay put but it would come off mowing 4 '' grass . I struggled for hours trying to get the belt to stay on for any period of time . Finally I took the belt covers off and figured out how to get the belt back on in a few seconds . JUST WHAT YOU WANT TO BE DOING WITH A BRAND NEW $ 2800 MOWER RIGHT ? Also the rear tires are too small to go uphill -LRB- they spin like crazy -RRB- . Whoever stole this mower got themselves a gem . I would strongly urge you to look elsewhere ! Like the old saying goes you get what you pay for !
 There 's a reason its $ $ $ cheaper than the nearest competitor . I bought one and put 4 hours on it before I returned it to the store for a refund.The IZT drive system is weak . The drive system has one box that contains both pump and wheel motor with a lot of aluminum parts inside . That was what failed on mine after mowing twice with it . Something went wrong with the right-hand side transmission , the thing would only travel in circles . It would run good until it got hot -LRB- ~ about 30-45 minutes -RRB- then it would slow down and make some terrible noises.The deck adjustment system and the height indicator are a joke . The indicator went missing after the first 30 minutes of use , it just fell off . I did find it before I ran over it and stuck it back on.Its poorly designed - when you sit on the seat with the engine running , the seat pushed the plastic shround on the engine against the flywheel and it shaved part of the shroud away.I 'm a huge fan of B&S ; engines but when you pointed this mower uphill the engine started missing and burned enough oil to emit a huge cloud of blue smoke - no mosquitoes here.I took it back to the store and got a refund . Then I spent another $ 1000 and bought a Simplicity ZT1844 with a Kohler , BDP-10 pumps and seperate wheel motors . The Simplicity is a mowing machine .
 I do not have the swisher in my possession . I did not have the need to use the extra trimming wire .
 The charger for the model CL180 always tended to overheat when plugged in ... and finally lasted less than two years despite only light use . And it seems to be unavailable for separate purchase . So apparently I get to throw away a perfectly good , nice , cordless drill for want of a charger !
 The place I work bought this trimmer for me to use to keep our 1 acre yard trimmed nicely and to give me some back relief from a handheld . I assembled it , followed and read the provided handbook . This is AFTER rummaging around the box to find all the parts that were loosely rolling around.NOTE TO WHO PACKS THIS
 The drive belt keeps coming off ... the plastic cover for the belt got destroyed the first season-the assembly of the mower was not easy . I had to fabricate a fuel filter to keep the gas tank from clogging ... as already stated a very poor overall design ... if someone gives one to you , take it ... just dont spend any money on one .
 Hard to assemble . No real directions . The plastic cowling is now broken that covers the gears and belt it was not put togeather correctly and had to be adjusted . the trash shield broke the first time it ran . if you run the unit on high to trim the cord gives way like butter but if you use the lower speed it lasts some longer.you have to be strong to hold it up for whatever it is doing especially vertical trimming . The advertised easy to install new Swisher line is quite hard to set in place as it is so stiff it dose n't want to go there and the loop is lose . you have to wear the goggles and overalls when using the machine as the blow by can really bite.it is very dangerous if you let it go to the ground . Wheels are so big that the machiene changes angles and you get more bite than you thought - BE CAREFUL.Oh - it is very easy to start !
 Do n't try getting repair parts from Swisher . You ca n't get most of them . They do n't sell through other distributors so you ca n't get them from there either . The cheezy little staples that hold the line on mine broke . After welding them a few times , I tried to buy a new disk . Nope . Ca n't . It 's a simple device . Motor , belt , disk and a couple wheels . Works OK for what it is , discounting the cheap B&S ; engine that 's designed to last one season and be unrepairable at any reasonable cost.I got it to do heavy brush around a fence line . Works for that . It is n't a mower . No easy height control . Too heavy and unwieldy for general whacking . Lines break frequently at the staples rather than wearing out . Bad design . Pick something else or glue some wheels on your week whacker .
 I used it once and determined that is was too big and cumbersome for me and I had it in my garage for years until I sold it a garage sale for a lot less than what I paid for it .
 I purchased this model over some of the cheaper models because I thought the tiltable head would be a great option , however it is a source of frustration . The locking clamp will not hold , so while you are using it the position changes and all of a sudden you are scalping your lawn . I finally helped it some by really tightening it with a 10 '' cresent . So now if I need to change position of the head I have to carry a cresent wrench . Also the line does not last very long . It does not wear out on the ends but breaks at the head where you loop it . This line is also expensive even when purchased in bulk on a spool . Also when you tilt the mower back to change the line the mower seems to flood and I have some trouble restarting it . So here is the big picture I have a large lot with lots of edging , In order to get the job done I have to carry a 10 '' cresent and approx 4 pairs of extra line in my pocket . I spend time whenever I change line waiting to start it and if I have n't really tightened the tiltable head I wind up with many scalped areas in my yard . The one adjustment it does not have that is available on others is a height adjustment so the only height is very low . Had I purchased this item at a lawnmower shop I would have returned it and purchased a Troy built for less money .
 I am stuck with a trimmer that had parts crack , leaked oil , threw off its drive belt , and trimmer strings in less then 15 minutes of proper use . The wheels are flimsy , the cutting height is not adjustable , the handle is uncomfortable and not padded .
