 I 've switched all my knobs & pulls to Amerock throughout my home . Great quality . Could n't be happier with their products.Purchased a large number of these knobs for my new cherry bedroom suite . The satin nickel is spot on and matches the satin nickel we have in lamps & accessories . Got these here at more than half off list ... not sure why the price has gone so high , but still worth it . Stopped by to pick up a couple spares .
 Works great without fail . No problems at all with everyday use going on two months . Bought two of them to operate rope lighting .
 i bought this item to connect to a strobe light . unit functions well . not sure that it has all the range claimed , but i never really believe everything a manufacturer claims about a product like this . just too many variables . I can say it works from my neighbors house into my garage ; at least 40 ' going thru two buildings . now if i make too much noise later at night he can simply press a button to let me know .
 Purchased for an invalid with limited mobility . Works perfectly , and just as advertised . Came with a battery , which was a plus . This was a replacement for a `` Clapper '' , which lasted only about a year .
 Nice simple packaging . Straightforward instructions . Easy to install . Works even in a power strip . No problems at all with this wireless remote switch . Great buy for the price .
 I bought a couple of the singles and one of the triples and they all work perfectly . I 'm disappointed the triple is not available and may not be . Use them in my office where the triple handles the three lamps , and in the house where three singles are with three different lamps in the bedroom , home office and basement . Makes it nice to turn all the lights on from one place -LRB- my desk in the office -RRB- or from the door so you do n't have to walk into a dark room and grope for the lamp switch . Used daily for about 6 weeks and going strong . I 've had others in the past and they have lasted years and years . These are nicely made and seem durable . Mounting is a good idea so you do n't end up groping for the remote in the dark !
 ive got a lamp in the corner of my room behind my desk thats a complete pain in the arse to turn on and off . ive been using this with the lamp for a month now and it works perfectly . added a little velcro and now i have a light switch where ever i want . under my desk , shelf , etc. .
 Its a good standalone single socket product has good range over 50 feet or so -LRB- Indoor or outdoor -RRB- . Only thing I am not sure is what will happen if I have two or more of these wireless sockets and multiple remotes . Will there be interference between two or more devices ?
 Wireless Remote Control with 3 OutletsI like the 3 outlet one better but this single one is great for my cellar -LRB- aka basement =P -RRB- Its not rated heavy duty , but I plug a 75watt work light in the basement and leave the remote at the top of the stairs or in a kitchen draw . Now I just click and the basement is not creepy.The outlet part is bulky but its well made .
 ... for those `` out-of-the-way '' plug points ! Works really well with the ambient backlight that I use for my LCD TV !!
 Pull the battery saver tab , plug the unit into the wall and plug-in the device you want to control and everything works ! I tried it from 25 feet away and through one wall and the remote turned my device on and off without a hitch !
 I bought three of the wireless remote and place one in my bedroom , dining room and my son 's room . They all work well and very convenient . I do not need to walk around to the corner and press the button . Love it and great seller . Thanks
 These fixtures are perfect for the bathroom in our finished lower level . I wanted something a bit modern but not too cold-looking and these fit the bill ! They are very well made and packaged . The frosted shade is thick and evenly frosted - not like some are swirled . They are very high quality and I highly recommend them to anyone looking for something to bridge the gap between traditional and modern .
 It matches the picture , and it 's heavy . Hopefully , it will never be put to the test.What I like : * Solid feel . * Anchor hole in bottom so it can bolted to the floor . * Small shelf inside . * 6-digit electronic lock.What I do n't like : * The specified outside depth -LRB- 12 5/8 '' -RRB- does not include the hinges and front panel . I wanted to put this safe inside a cabinet that was 13 '' deep . It does n't fit because it 's 14 '' deep when you include the front panel . Minor disappointment , but I had a backup plan.Overall , I 'm happy with the purchase . It provides peace of mind knowing my most valuable possessions are now protected against theft and fire .
 Better than more expensive holsters that I have purchased , my only complaint is that the strap that holds the phone in place is a bit too wide for the antenna on my phone . It fits but would fit better if narrower.The holster does not swivel but I knew that when I purchased it.Too bad the shipping cost is more than the holster .
 I bought this cell-phone holder after misplacing my previous one . This one is superior to my very similar previous one in that it has a loop -LRB- two actually -RRB- to run your belt through . I 'm a farmer and am often squeezing into tight places or crawling under machinery and the like so having a holder that ca n't scrape off is very useful . My previous holder also had a velcro flap like this one but did n't stick together tightly anymore . I suppose this one will wear out as well with time but after about a month it is still very adhesive . The ad here on Amazon says `` two way carry '' but you can carry it three ways . There are two loops -LRB- you can run your belt through one so the holder top is up or you can run your belt through the other so the holder top is sideways -RRB- and the metal clip . The picture shows the holder with gray material with lighter gray stitching but mine is all black and looks much better -LRB- at least to me -RRB- .
 Contrary to other review , I found my cell phone holder to be of very good quality and have used it for a long time now with no problems whatsoever .
 Fits my large , Motorola flip phone very well . The flap is a little long and somewhat cumbersome at times when I 'm wearing a coat , but otherwise fine . This is the only phone holster I 've found that has a belt loop . The attached metal clip is too slick to hold a belt securely . I have lost several phones due to broken -LRB- plastic -RRB- or inadequate -LRB- metal -RRB- belt clips with other holsters . A loop is the best way to go .
 Very god works good the people I gave them to good they love then thank you will be buying more
 Circuit Board arrived in quick fashion and in good shape . If you are just slightly mechanically inclined you can do this replacement yourself . Maybe the most difficult thing is working on a ladder . Had garage door working in less than 30 minutes .
 The words ` circuit board ' scared me at first . However , the board was very easy to replace . It took me less than 30 min . including cleanup . Think of it as plug and play , remove a few plugs off the old one and just plug the new board in and screw it into place . It saved a me a lot of money as well , new openers are a lot more expensive .
 I bought this as a replacement board for a 10 y/o opener . The original board was permanently fastened to the opener chassis and had to be cut off . I then had to drill holes in the side of the opener and fasten the new board with two screws . Unfortunately Liftmaster uses the same exact stock numbers without indicating that there were changes made . In the end it works perfectly but is no job for amateurs .
 Ordered the product , came pretty quick , works like a champ . Very satisfied with the product . Would recommend , but purchaser had better know how to install .
 I use these at my automotive school , notorious for un-calibrated torque wrenches and people who do n't like reading directions . I would go with professional grade set if your working on rusted bolts , or in awkward or tight situations . Otherwise , for light to medium duty work
 The true test for The bits was drilling stainless steel . With a slow speed and some tapping fluid it went right thru . No noticeable damage to the cutting edge . Great kit for the price . The bits look a bit cheesy , but they do the job . I was pleasantly surprised .
 I had managed to strip the torx screws on the stand for my iMac when trying to install a VESA wall mount . This caused the worst-case scenario for a tool like this : * The screw was hardened , tempered steel . * The screw was inserted into aluminum * The screw was recessed -LRB- counter-sunk below the surface . -RRB- This set worked perfectly -- in less than 5 minutes , I had the screws removed , and zero damage to the surrounding aluminum . Very pleased with the purchase.The set is packaged in a nice metal container that is high enough quality and sturdy enough to throw in the toolbox without a thought . -LRB- This is a big problem with most small tool sets like this -- the plastic cases will get destroyed in a toolbox . Nice this comes in metal . -RRB- The set comes with a variety of sizes that will work for most common uses.Best of all , very inexpensive for a quality product . Great stuff .
 Good little set of reverse drill bits and corresponding EZ Outs . The # 4 bit however , is a little short for the case , and if it is not closed properly , the bit will stick out of the case . This is how it was shipped , denting the case a little bit . The bit does not look damaged , but I have not used it yet .
 Very satisfied . Good quality and especially like the switch on the handle to turn the vacuum on and off . Would be 5 stars if the stub that inserts into the outlet fit better . It is extremely snug . Will probably wear itself into a looser fit with time but I may have to try to file it down a bit . All in all pretty happy .
 This hose replaced our original 11 year old hose . The amazon price was so great that we opted to &#34; upgrade &#34; to the model with the on/off switch.First off , this hose weighs so much less than the one it replaced . It is fantastically easy to haul around the house , up and down stairs and around corners.I also love the on/off switch and the handle . The old hose was not difficult to maneuver , but this is a dream.I was considering replacing my vacuum cleaner attachment for carpets , but this new hose cleans so well , I feel comfortable holding off on that purchase for a while longer .
 Super great product , it works better than the original one . The material of the product is much better than the original one . The service that you provided was great , thank you .
 Finally replaced our 20 + year old central vac hose with this one and WOW ... what a difference ! The handle and the on/off switch really take a lot of effort out of this chore . Highly recommend !! Now , if only someone would invent an easy way of storing these things !
 We needed another hose , one for downstairs and one for upstairs . I researched and found that amazon had the lower price . Qaulity is just as good or if not better than the original hose the vaccum came with .
 got the hose within a few days , very pleased with the quality and durability of this hose especially like the on and off switch great convenience
 Is a very nice product and makes a great vacuum but the service took a very long while , i contacted the seller they newer responded i ordered it a while a go and it finally shipped on january 2nd it should arrive soon but it will be a great product - Dordiscott
 I used this tool for at least 4 days a week for at least a few months for several hours a day until i sold it to a coworker when i bought a Dynabrade turbine powered 100,000 rpm pencil grinder ... which really sucked and had little to no torque whatsoever . so it was usless to me and I completely regret buying that expensive p.o.s. . I used the Sioux to put some heavy edge breaks on some very hard metal parts . So I put alot of pressure on this tool alot . For the most part it had a good amount of torque . The wedges on the inside of the pencil grinder eventually broke after a few months but that was after a whole lot of abusive work done with it and those wedges are very easily replaced and cheap . this pencil grinder works well with even titanium and inconel which are very hard metals
 This is a great looking door knocker . I tried to find one with a viewer in satin nickel at Lowe 's , Home Depot , etc. with no success . This is a good size and very simple to install . We have had it eight months and it looks as good as the day it came out of the package . Highly recommended !
 this is something I have been looking for and could n't find in the box stores so it came in good time and the only draw back is a template to drill the mounting hole which it does n't have but good material and finish .
 The long screws were too long and the short screws were too short . Trip to Home Depot fixed that . All in all good product .
 Great Door knocker . It has a very clean look to it and the peep hole is n't obvious . It 's a little on the thin side but I guess you do n't need much . It was easy to get engraved . It was n't the easiest to install . Would have liked a template to assist with lining up the screws . Other than that , it looks very professional .
 I really like this knocker/viewer . It installed easily and looks great . I checked the home improvement store first , but all they had was the type without the viewer . I needed one with the viewer , since that 's the way my old , weathered knocker was , and I like the look -LRB- and security -RRB- much better . I checked online and there were some cheap ones for like $ 10 , but stay away from those ! They are small , thin , have a poor finish , are not solid brass , and are very cheaply made -LRB- believe me - I got one and immediately returned it ! Just think - those have got to be very poor quality if selling for around $ 10 or less -RRB- . Anyways , a couple things to know about this one
 Love this knocker because you can see who 's at your door before opening it ! Great safety feature .
 I had to modify the case a bit but it works well other than that . I 'm not noticing any pressure spikes .
 fit perfectly . does the job . would recommend this to any one who needs it . can now use my air compessor
 I was looking for a shower door that could open from either the left or the right and I did not want one to choose for me . This door ticks and fits all the right boxes in that department . I like the crystal glass effect too . It is very clear and allows a lot of light into the shower hub . It is frameless too which is what was asked for by the wife.Its sturdy quarter of an inch thick glass also is a nice feature . But most of all the pivot door is a feature I got on with too .
 Could n't be happier with this door so far-Installation was a breeze with the adjusting brackets and the frameless design makes for a really classy look . We used it for our new addition on a 1900 's historic home , and the door really is beautiful and its understated look really shows off any tile/fixtures that you have within the shower . The door handle is a small , slighly conical , chrome pull . It is tough to find any really good pictures of this one on the web , but I believe the actual unit 's simplicity and beauty exceeds any of the pictures you see online .
 Kohler K-702410-L-MX Matte Nickel Fluence Fluence Frameless Pivot Shower Door with Crystal Clear Glass - 35 '' - 36-1/2 '' W x 65-1/2 '' H K-702410-L . Fluence frameless pivot shower door with Crystal Clear glass , 35 - 36-1/2 '' x 65-1/2 '' The Fluence pivot shower door features a Eurostyle frameless design with Crystal Clear 1/4 '' - thick tempered glass . Featuring a roller compression latch that secures closure , the door allows 1-1/2 '' adjustability for out-of-plumb installations and can be installed to open to the left or right . 35 - 36-1/2 '' x 65-1/2 '' The continuous contact point along the entire jamb edge provides a smooth , stable operation while keeping the hinge concealed
 So much about carbon monoxide poisoning these days . . decided to get a few alarms for protection . Easy to install and work great ...
 Simple , straightforward , and no problems in the few weeks I 've had this . Very good price . Good basic protection . I now prefer First Alert over their major competitor , after a problem with that companies ' detectors , and their customer service did not seem to care at all . First Alert 's customer service appears superior to me .
 Great product for the safety in the home , always had a smoke detector and decided to add this for more protection . Easy plug in hookup .
 It looks good , but we never had carbon monoxide in our place yet , so we ca n't tell if it works or not . The red light is on when we plug it in . And it works when we press the test button .
 I was very pleased with my first alert plug in Carbon Monoxide Alarm . I like it because it is not that noticeable . It 's not an ugly plug in and I like that . We received it in the time that they said it would be delivered and I would not hesitate to order again from Amazon . We have ordered many , many things from Amazon and have never been disappointed with their service.Thank you , Mary Lou Pantuso
 It 's hard to review a product like this ... do n't have a can of carbon monoxide to test it with ! So , on faith alone , I 'm going to say I like it ! I bought this particular model because I do n't like being tied to the battery makers , and , as opposed to a fire/smoke alarm that you would still want to work even if the power went out , I really do n't see the advantage of having a battery backup for a CO monitor ... the power goes out and the ability to make CO pretty much goes away , too . Anyway , good -LRB- I hope ! -RRB- product at a good price ... I recommend it !
 our old alarm finally wore out after 8 years of service in our home . it began randomly going off and not being reliable . My research indicated that there is a life span for these devices and that we had probably hit it end of it with the old alarm . I looked at a number of replacement alarms and decided on the First Alert because of positive reviews and a lower price . we plugged it in and that 's about it . it seems to be working great and I now have renewed sense of safety that we are protected from potential CM leaks in the home . I have no complaints and would definitely buy this unit again . I see no reason to spend up to twice the money for a unit that will not work any better than this one .
 Simple , no batteries to replace , But should have 7 yrs life instead of 5 like the old ones did .
 This plug in model does what it is supposed to do for very little more than the battery-only model and you do n't need a nail in the wall to hang it . Just plug it in a wall outlet . The only CO in my all electric condo would come from a car in the garage so it is highly unlikely that there would be a concurrent electric outage when someone forgot to turn off the car -LRB- which is easier to do with keyless entry models -RRB- . If absence of battery backup is a concern buy the cheaper battery only model . All First Alert CO alarms last only around five years -LRB- according to the manufacturer -RRB- so why pay for unnecessary frills . Mine will chirp when it 's time to replace , then all I have to do is order a new one -LRB- probably from amazon.com -RRB- and plug it in and throw out the old one . I urge you to read the instructions on where to place these in your home ; it is n't in or next to the garage as you might first think .
 Seems to work just fine - hopefully I 'll never know how well it works : -RRB- The price was excellent - no frills .
 works fine . Easy to install . Discreet . Directions were easy to understand . We got this because we have a gas fireplace and wanted to be safe . I ordered a battery operated alarm because I wanted more options of where to place it other than being commited to an electrical outlet . However , what was shipped was the electrical kind . I decided to keep it because you know the hassle of returning was n't worth it and it does it 's job .
 Just plug it in and go ! Very easy to use . I feel it does the job and Ifeel safer .
 Product is just exactly what we needed . Performs the task well and was economical to buy . Small size allows it to be right beside the pellet stove and allow room in the outlet for the stove to plug into .
 I needed a simple and easy to use detector and this fits the bill quite nicely . Just take it out of the package and plug it into a wall socket and you are compliant with Calif building codes . I was pleased at the good construction and the great price on Amazon .
 Easy product to install . No fuss . Plug it in . It is out of sight behind a couch . I am satisfied.j .
 Product received timely . The plug in feature is favorable in that there is no concern of battery failure . Product is easy to use .
 I bought the First Alert CO600 for two reasons . I own a rental unit and California requires a carbon monoxide alarm in each one . The second reason is the price . I ordered this unit and had it delivered to my rental unit . The lady who rents from me is not mechanically inclined at all , but she had no trouble with setting this up . She 's completely happy , California is happy , and I 'm happy .
 Quite happy with this purchase . Wish that it detected Natural Gas also :--RRB- It is good to be able to rest easy however knowing that if Carbon Monoxide finds it 's way in - we will be alerted before it is to late .
 I bought this product plugged it in and it works fine , no issues ... I have nothing bad to say , I hope it never alerts !
 This is easy to install and is very light . Other units with a battery back-up were too heavy and disconectedvfrom outlet .
 This is a wonderful product , it works as the manufacturer said it would . It was easy to install , and gives peace of mind where the threat of carbon monoxide is concerned . Like any other product of this sort , there is a minimum amount of maintenance weekly to make sure the unit is operating properly . I have had other carbon monoxide detectors , but this unit is by far the best . I give it five stars , and would give it more if possible .
 Takes more time to cut open the box than it does to plug in . Just plug it in , hold the test button , stick your fingers in your ears so you do n't do deaf , and your all done . I 've used First Alert products for many years , and they just work . They do wear out -LRB- 5-7 years -RRB- , but they will alert you when that time comes , usually with a chirping , like other detectors do.Simple , easy to use , no fuss peace of mind unit . Plug it in near air vents in bedrooms or just in open ares for non-living quarters and that 's it !
 We purchased this for our home several years ago . We have a modern home , yet we have a propane oven and heater . We placed this in a strategic location in our home . Last week , a burner on our stove was left on . In the middle of the night this alarm sounded off , and sure enough , upon waking , we all had symptoms of CO2 exposure . Luckily our symptoms were mild , but I ca n't imagine what would have happened if we did n't have this alarm . So yes , this can happen to anyone , and many household appliances release CO2 , so you do n't have to have a propane system in your home for this to be an issue , and a simple burner left on can result in tragedy . BUY IT ! IT WORKED !
 After opening the package , I simply plugged this in to a wall socket -LRB- making sure that it is not near a heating source , gas , moving air , dust or sunlight -RRB- . I tested it , the alarm rang loud and clear . A red light lets me know that it is functional.I feel better having it in my house .
 A very compact and efficient house tool . Plugs in , easy to use , easy to read . Just what we were looking for .
 It works and thats about all I can ask for . A necessity in every home . Note that this model does not come with a battery backup though - something that some people may want .
 These things are mandatory in WA state now and this detector is a great find . It just plugs into the wall and works fine , just like a smoke alarm . It 's a little bulky , but all of them are and that 's just how life goes sometimes . For the price I think this is totally the way to go . if you have rentals this is a great price , keeps you legal , and is pretty dummy -LRB- tenant -RRB- proof too !
 I really like that this is a plug in rather than battery-operated because it works without the batteries running low . Fast shipping on it and good service .
 I am a manager of some town homes and the city required us to get these for all our tenants . They are easy plug-in and quite loud when you test them . I have n't had any issues with these and we are going on two months of use .
 Appears to work fine , but I suppose I ca n't really know unless we have a CO2 issue . I recommend it .
 Plug-n-play is easy . Wish it never would sound besides testing , but how does one know it actually works when needed ?
 Easy to install , just find an outlet in center of home . Product is made by first alert too which gives me confidence in operation .
 this is a home item that EVERYONE MUST have in their home . Carbon Monoxide does not give a warning before it 's too late .
 plugs in and works right away . easy directions.objective is for safety and not to worry about batteries and latest recommendations
 Detected CO the day after i bought it , yikes ! Good item to have , do n't let your family be in danger .
 We had to place these on each level of our home prior to closing when it was sold . It took 30 seconds to plug it into the wall and look to see if the light was on -LRB- indicating that it was working . -RRB-
 I hope I never have the experience of this product actually working - but it appears to be doing great ! Very easy to use - just unpack , find the right location , and plug it in the wall ...
 Easy to use ; plugs into a wall socket and has a self test functionAfter 5 years discard and get a new alarm ; it is wise to write on the bottom of the unit the expiration date .
 We purchased this for our home several years ago . We have a modern home , yet we have a propane oven and heater . We placed this in a strategic location in our home . Last week , a burner on our stove was left on . In the middle of the night this alarm sounded off , and sure enough , upon waking , we all had symptoms of CO2 exposure . Luckily our symptoms were mild , but I ca n't imagine what would have happened if we did n't have this alarm . So yes , this can happen to anyone , and many household appliances release CO2 , so you do n't have to have a propane system in your home for this to be an issue , and a simple burner left on can result in tragedy . BUY IT ! IT WORKED !
 These CO detectors are mandatory in many states now . I happen that the man who cleans my carpets is the Captain of the town fire dept -LRB- also up for promotion to chief -RRB- , and he always points out my fire hazards or things I do or do n't really need to do . I had my first CO detector up on the ceiling next to my smoke detector . He told me it di not need to be on the ceiling , and it 's easier to get a plug in one so you do n't have to worry about the battery aspect . Then incidentally my ceiling one broke somehow . So I bought this one , plugged it in , in the hallway near my bedroom ... he said to do that so you can hear it quickly , and loudly . It 's doing it 's thing . A little pricey , but actually one of the cheaper ones . He approved !
 For the price you ca n't beat this . Just plug in and no expensive batteries . Very simple .
 I ordered three of these , which worked just fine , but then I found that MASS. . REQUIRES BATTERY BACK-UP for CO detectors.Amazon accepted them all back , however , and had credited my account within 24 hr . of sending them via USPS back to Amazon . Amazingly efficient!It would almost be good for Amazon to put a `` Check your local code '' warning on the CO Detector page to save us and them the hassle .
 Great product . i gave this product to my son and i feel much better that he and his family are safer from carbon monoxide . thanks .
 The Carbon Monoxide Alarm met what I needed for my rental house . I like the idea of the plug in vs the battery only type . The Alarm has a battery back-up , which covers a power failure.The new law requires the CO Alarms for rentals and homes . Reasonable price too !
 This is a great buy . Wonderful for exsisting dwellings . I put them in all of my rental and my own home .
 Could not be easier to mount ! I bought one to make sure it would work in any outlet and will purchase more in the future . It is the lazy woman 's Carbon Monoxide Alarm ! Directions are good for where you can and can not use .
 I was looking for a Carbon Monoxide alarm that was reasonabally priced , and was glad to find this one on Amazon.The reviews on Amazon were why I purchased this one . I tested the alarm , which works well , and hope I never actually need it !! Thanks Amazon for having it !
 I was looking for a good , reliable , uncomplicated carbon monoxide detector . I wanted one that plugged in because I did n't want to have to keep replacing batteries . For that same reason , I did n't want one with battey back-up . I did n't care whether I could see the readings . As long as the alarm is n't sounding , I 'm fine with that . I think I got exactly what I was looking for in the First Alert CO600 . So far , I 'm very happy with my choice . It works for me !
 Just as described , very nice item . the size is perfect - able to plug it in almost anywhere with it not being in the way . Like it that it does not have a battery to worry about . When the power goes out so will the furnace . The price was very reasonable too . Item that every home should have .
 Since most of the major appliances , stove , heater , water heater etc in my home are powered by natural gas I decided CO alarms would be a good Idea . This alarm has a small form factor so it does not take up all the space of the electric socket , you will still be able to use the top plug . Its a plug and play application . Plug it in run the test and you are good to go . Although small the alarm has a loud warning alarm in case CO is detected . I have n't experienced any false alarms or weird behavior from the alarm and so far is has worked well.The US Consumer Product Safety Commission recommends buying and installing a CO alarm that meets the requirements of the current UL 2034 safety standard . I saw a review here stating that this alarm was not UL 2034 certified , which is not true . The CO600 is UL2034 certified.Underwriters Laboratories Inc. . UL2034 defines three specific alarm points by whichall residential CO alarms must alarm . They are measured in parts per million -LRB- ppm -RRB- of CO over time -LRB- in minutes -RRB- . UL2034 Required Alarm Points : * If the alarm is exposed to 400 ppm of CO , IT MUST ALARM BETWEEN 4 and 15MINUTES . * If the alarm is exposed to 150 ppm of CO , IT MUST ALARM BETWEEN 10 and 50MINUTES . * If the alarm is exposed to 70 ppm of CO , IT MUST ALARM BETWEEN 60 and 240MINUTES . The detector must ignore CO levels of 30 ppm or less for at least 30 days and ingore levels of 70 ppm or less for at least an hour . There are detectors available that will alarm at a lower level . All detectors must have a silence button . Pushing it will silence the alarm for four to six minutes . If the concentrations stay above 70 PPM it will alarm again in six minutes . -LRB- Previously set at 100 PPM -RRB- The detectors have only two alarms , a full alarm and a trouble alarm . The second revision of UL-2034 detectors allowed -LRB- not mandated -RRB- warning alarms that sounded at low levels . Some found this confusing.Detectors manufactured under the new standard should reduce the number of nuisance alarms . These detectors must not alarm in the presence of the gases listed in the following table below the indicated level.Methane 500 PPMButane 300 PPMHeptane 500 PPMEthyl Acetate 200 PPMIsopropyl Alcohol 200 PPMCarbon Dioxide -LRB- CO2 -RRB- 5,000 PPMMore info on UL-2034 can be found on Underwriters Laboratories website ul.comIf the device starts to malfunction / give false alarms I will update my review .
 Rec 'd co2 alarm 2 weeks ago . It seems to be working fine . Feel much better having this new alarm installed as our last one was no longer functioning .
 Some of you are going to think I 'm a `` terrible '' person , but I must say that this fuss about carbon monoxide just drives me nuts . Worse , it drives legislators to legislate even when another law for homeowners is -LRB- as usual -RRB- unnecessary.In California , there were 279 non-vehicular deaths from carbon monoxide poisoning between 1979 and 1988 , the only period that seems to be used by the one guy in Sacramento who had n't come up with a new law in 2010 and it was his turn . Meanwhile , the population of the state is 38 million ! That is 0.0000002 % of the population per year , but the alarm lobby is stronger than statistics , and so there is now another law that says we have to have a Carbon Monoxide alarm in the ceiling of every home and apartment in the state . You ca n't install a new AC or heating unit or sell your home unless there is such an alarm.Of course , from just a standpoint of decor I can understand that the mandatory fire and smoke alarms in the ceiling needed another round or oval gadget to make Picasso proud.So , a review . This is extremely convenient and I do n't have holes in our ceiling , BUT the inspector of our new HVAC came by -LRB- because we have to pay the city for the inspection which is mandatory etc. -RRB- and told us that this alarm does not meet code since it is n't in the ceiling . But he left and it 's plugged in.I have n't checked its accuracy , but I 'm am writing this review so evidently it knows I 'm still alive.EW
 I think this is an easy and check Carbon monoxide detector . Thankfully , we have not had any problem so I really can not tell if it works or not but First Alert is a good brand so I feel better having it .
 I got six of these . They were painless to install and do n't take up the entire outlet plate . Took off a star because I could not stand the time-consuming plastic , sealed packaging they come in .
 I am very happy with product . They are ten dollars cheaper then at local hardware stores for the exact same product
 Seems to work as advertised . I opted for the non-battery back up , as my heating system has electric blower , so if power goes , heating system does not opearate . Battery/non-battery an individual judgment.Pros
 I just plugged it in and it 's on the job . Perhaps it would be more assuring if it had a digital read-out of level of monooxide in the air .
 I like the idea of the plug-in , no battery worries . Qualtity vs.cost was also good . I ordered two and had super fast delivery . All in all 5 stars . RMiner
 I 'm never quite sure if it 's working right . I came home one day and it was beeping every couple of minutes so I opened the window and left for a little while . Then it stopped beeping . I 'm still here , so I guess it was okay . Read the manual , I lost mine .
 The manual is at http://www.firstalert.com/pdfs/2007/06/08/m08-0152-002e_co600_web.pdfThe product is simple and easy to install - just plug it in.DO NOT LOCATE THIS CO ALARM : * In garages , kitchens , furnace rooms , or in any extremely dusty , dirty or greasy areas . * Closer than 15 feet -LRB- 4.6 meters -RRB- from a furnace or other fuelburning heat source , or fuel burning appliances like a water heater . * Within 5 feet -LRB- 1.5 meters -RRB- of any cooking appliance . * In extremely humid areas . This Alarm should be at least 10 feet -LRB- 3meters -RRB- from a bath or shower , sauna , humidifier , vaporizer , dishwasher , laundry room , utility room or other source of high humidity . * In areas where temperature is colder than 40 F -LRB- 4 C -RRB- or hotterthan 100 F -LRB- 38 C -RRB- . These areas include non-airconditioned crawlspaces , unfinished attics , uninsulated or poorly insulated ceilings , porches , and garages . * In turbulent air , like near ceiling fans , heat vents , air conditioners , fresh air returns , or open windows . Blowing air may prevent COfrom reaching the sensors . * In direct sunlight . * In outlets covered by curtains or other obstruction .
 I purchased this for my Mom , who has a very low tolerance for any type of electronics that has more than one button . This fits the bill perfectly -- just plug it in , and it works . Other models have more advanced features , such as a digitial display or a batter backup , but if you 're looking for simplicity and a low cost , this is a great choice .
 I chose this alarm because it was the easiest to use . Just plug it in and that 's it . I have a gas fireplace and was told that I needed a carbon monoxide detector . Plugged into a regular outlet , it has a dim light to let you know that it 's working and you can test the monitor at any time to make sure it 's `` alarmed . '' Hopefully , I 'll never have to see how well the monitor works in an emergency but I feel safer knowing that I have one .
 This product works as advertised . It is simplicity itself to install , and does not cover up all outlets when plugged in . This indicated to me that some thought went into its design . I purchased 2 units , and both are working perfectly .
 I feel that these are a necessity especially if you live in colder winter climates where you may have the windows closed for a few months.I prefer this model as it plugs in to an outlet rather than battery operated units.I found the models through Amazaon were several dollars cheaper than stores around my area .
 I purchased this alarm to replace an old alarm that began chirping frequently . After taking it outside -LRB- on a power cord -RRB- where it continued chirping in fresh air I realized it reached end of its life.This new alarm has a helpful notice right on it which explains what the beeps mean :1 -RRB- When everything is working fine and there is no problem it is silent2 -RRB- When it detect CO levels it emits 4 beeps pause 4 beeps pause -LRB- red light flashes rapidly -RRB- 3 -RRB- When the unit malfunction malfunctions it gives 3 chirps every minute -LRB- red light flashes 3 time a minute -RRB- 4 -RRB- When it reaches the end of line if chirps 5 times every minute -LRB- red light flashes 5 times a minute -RRB- This unit is light and fairy small -LRB- smaller than the unit it replaced -RRB- and it is a plug-in only unit -LRB- no battery back up -RRB- . Photo of the alarm next to the ruler attached.The important notice for installation that CO alarms -LRB- unlike smoke alarms -RRB- should be installed low in the room . If the detector is placed in a long hallway -LRB- more than 40 feet or 12 meters -RRB- each end of the hall way should have a detector . They should not be placed near a fan as blowing air could interfere with detection of CO. . Putting the detector in direct sun light will shorten its life . Humidity and dusty area also interferes with detection so the alarm should not placed in the bathroom , garages , unfinished attics.Maintenance
 Greaat I finally found a carbon monoxide alarm without the stupid battery back up . Who needs a battery back up unless you plan to be without power and somehow run your furnace ?? Anyway , this one works great so far
 I am part of the contingent who does not need battery backup because none of the conditions exist for me to need it . So , dead battery annoying beep warnings are a thing of the past . And the price is right too . Regarding those who complain about no battery backup and deduct stars ... the product does not claim to have a battery backup ... it is right there in the description and so at best all that should be noted is that it does not have one . Taking away stars because the alarm does not also brew your coffee in the morning is just plain silly .
 This is the third different model of First Alert Carbon Monoxide Detector which I have purchased . I have never bought anything but First Alert Detectors over the several years I have owned my homes . There has never been a problem with any of them.I chose to purchase the plug-in model since I only have an oil burner which could produce carbon monoxide . I figured that if the power was out , the oil burner would automatically be out as well . Since I do not have a wood stove or other heating or cooking source of monoxide which may operate without electricity , I did not feel I would need the battery back-up feature.The only factor which should be reviewed prior to purchasing this model is the status of any state or local ordinance for monoxide detectors . I have noticed that certain states/cities require a battery back-up model in every case . I did see that First Alert offers this model for about $ 8.00 more .
 easy to provide protection ... simple for those of us who can be hesitant to change light bulbs , lol light weight , easy to install and very worthwhile
 Very easy to use , just plug in . Currently it has n't alarmed yet . You can test it if you push the button .
 easy set up , working great - no complaints to far . it was nice to find one so cheap ! we 'll see how long it lasts ...
 A well made product which works well and is priced right . Yes , I would recommend to anyone . Easy to install .
 Extreemly satisfying answer to the hidden dangers of Carbon Monoxide poisoning . We have a wood burning firebox so its imparative that we have a trustworthy device . This has a seven year warrenty ... We taped the purchase date on the housing and will automatically replace like we do our fire alarm batteries . Since it is so reasonably priced , we will replace it in 5 years !!
 Just what I wanted , a simple detector that plugs into an outlet . Have had First Alert before and they last a long time .
 This carbon monoxide alarm was easy to install and I feel safer in my home knowing that they are in use . You simply plug these into the wall -LRB- yes near the floor , apparently they are the opposite of smoke detectors -RRB- . The directions are very clear and tell you the best place to install these in your home .
 Does what I need it to do . As all of the other reviewers it is hard to know if it works well or not , but the tests that are built into it run just fine . I feel safer because of this device.You do not need the battery backup if it is not state required . Stick with this one it works just fine .
 Every home needs a Carbon Monoxide Alarm and this one fits the bill . Relatively small , plugs right into the outlet and keeps your family safe . Ca n't ask for anything more .
 When you need to put a specific sized hole in a specific spot in gasket material there is no better option than a hollow punch . This set did exactly what I needed to do for this job and will be available for many more jobs in the years to come . dj
 The punches are a quality kit , the case however is not so great . The main point is , the punch and handle is solid enough . The screw does come loose after a few solid whacks so I used teflon tape to put some friction onto it . It is fine now ... I punch thru leather , felt and even thin pieces of sheeting . I really ca n't complain about the price vs some of the cheapies I 've seen in other stores .
 I purchased this kit to punch some holes in heavy thick vibration dampening material for a Model A. I was not sure it would do the job . Was I Wrong !! It worked Great!The selection of sizes was good , the punches interchange very easily , the punches stayed sharp , and is not too heavy to work with.The value of this set is well worth the purchase price.I would recommend this for any do it yourself person or even a professional shop .
 Just what I needed . Worked like a charm . Loved the various sizes . I suggest using an x-acto cutting mat underneath the leather . It 'll get destroyed but it gives you a nice clean cut .
 I did not buy this set to punch holes in leather . I am a scale modeler and needed a punch set to cut through soft styrene plastic as well as painters tape to create masks for wheel hubs . The set comes with 9 punches they all have a nice weight to them , you feel like you can pound the H % * L out of them . I only have to hit the punch once and it cleanly and quickly cut through my hobby materials . These punches would probably work on leather as well , but that 's not what I purchased them for .
 I bought these tools to cut holes in leather and it does a wonderful job . No need to strike the punch more than once . Using a soft but firm background with the punch is important , so after the blade goes through the material it is not dulled . I also like the interchangeable head system and box , as that makes this set of nine punches easy to store and easy to locate .
 Dear supllierThat have high durablity , nice and practical . I am very happy with that article . Its important.Thanks friendsWilber Legonia
 These punches came promptly . They are of great quality and packaged in a great little storage case . I would recommend this to anyone wanting hole punches . Price is unbeatable .
 Great for ambitious leather work and hard to find/expensive gaskets . Need a gasket for a pushrod cover or sidecases on your restoration ? Some inexpensive gasket material and a few strikes with a mallet and your done .
 I bought a pair of these to replace similar hoses in my 5 ` er . The came on time , were well packaged , and work exactly as they should work . I had a tiny leak in one of the originals , and so replaced the pair . Very happy with the results .
 Ordered to replace a failed part on a hot dog cart . Works perfect , all fittings lined up . Appears to be pretty good build quality .
 I am a plumber by trade and I was impressed because the description was exactly what I was looking for . It arrived before I expected , and was exactly what it said it was . Worked perfect out of the box .
 I bought this since the big MK I also use was too heavy and messy to take into condos . I rehab ocean condos and lug all my tools into the condo for 2-3 months -LRB- compressor , table saw , router table , etc -RRB- . So I focus on portability first.However , the instructions were limited , the arbor allows the blade to not spin true , and the setup screws will be quickly lost after unpacking.But strangely - the saw and fence quickly cut straight after you allow for the width of the blade wobble . Angles require some extra work . I used a 7 '' speed square against the fence for diagonal cuts . I have n't tried the 1.3 '' cutting depth yet . It should do it . But for how long ? I do n't see it as a long term contractor grade saw but as a saw that can be used for 2-3 yrs with about 2-3 jobs per year .
 For the cost , this tile saw met my expectations . Following the setup instructions for aligning the fence , the saw performed well cutting tile . While it is difficult to freehand beveled cuts using the tilting table , it worked well when I used spring clamps to attach a guide strip to the back side of the tile that followed the edge of the tilting table . The water reservoir provided a good source of water to the blade , but I found that I had to replenish the supply of water on a regular basis . I bought this saw to be able to diagonally cut 19 '' tiles that would not fit in my sliding table tile saw . The quality of this saw is definately much higher than less costly plastic versions . Having used this tool , I would buy it again if I needed a tile saw .
 I saw a demo of this at home improvement store . I had intentions of buying a throw-away $ 100 saw , but was sold on this one due to the 1hp motor , the 7 inch blade , and the aluminum decking.I have been cutting porcelain tiles and it cuts very well . I can see where people might complain about the rip fense , but frankly I have had no difficulty with it . Do not over-tighten the screw and it will not strip . Mine stays in place for cuts . Keep in mind , it is a guide . Do n't push against it when cutting ... slide against it . I have had NO problem getting the blade guard support to line-up with the blade ... 2 screws and a little adjustment and it is in perfect line with the blade ... not that hard people.As for the blade guard
 Used this saw to cut 3/8 inch granit tile and it worked better than i anticipated . Had no leaks as others indicated . . some mess , yes , but not unusual with tile cutting . The diamond blade lasted throughout the kitchen project but did show signs of wear towards the end . . Certainly a great value !!!
 My husband has a whole bunch of power tools that I refuse to touch . I had a tile project in mind so I decided to add this to his big scary tool collection . Turns out I 'm the one who used it and though I probablly trashed a few tiles more than the hub would 've I made the coolest plaque for behind the stove . I never , ever cut tile before but I went though chair rail on a 45 * angle -LRB- 1 1/4 thick -RRB- , decorative rope , cut beveled edges etc. . Light , easy to clean and store . You have to learn to listen for a certain pitch thats made as the blade cuts the tile to get a clean cut . -LRB- Not much of a mess either -RRB-
 I do not use tile cutters as a rule unless I rent it.I figure for the price of a rental and having to use it quickly so as to save some money I opted buy one instead.Well I am impressed as I had to put up 155 8x12 tiles and 23 3x8 tiles and this saw was excellent in all aspects for the cuts.I would recommend this item to anyone.It was well worth the money.Homedepot has plenty on the shelf . A satified customer .
 I borrowed an MK saw from a neighbor , and found it difficult to with . The fence never kept straight and I could n't cut large tiles . The Plasplug 7 '' has a much better fence , which can be easily adjusted , and will cut large tiles without any problem . The water reservoir needs to be refilled occasionally , but that 's a minor inconvenience . Would highly recommend this saw for the DIY type who wants to install his/her own tile .
 I bought some great 16 `` X16 '' tiles and found my sliding table wet saw would n't cut it . I bought this saw and found it 's unlimited in size and cuts you can make . Its also got a 1HP motor which is twice as much power as my sliding table wet saw at half the price ! A store employee also showed my how to cut pipeholes , electrical outlets and even curves on this saw . Simply the best for a lot less money !
 I am cutting 12 '' tile . Make sure you follow the directions before use . Fully assembled does not mean blade is tight . Cuts fast and good . The side rail can not be used for ever cut and the miter tool is kind of flimsy , but overall great buy
 Great tools well made heavy duty can not beat then for the price would recommend to anyone looking for good tools
 so , i have a 1/2 hp craftsman garage door that worked for everyone with no problems except me . Every time i was trying to close it , it would start closing and after 8-10 '' of travel , it would go back up and start clicking . I 'd try it again and it would do the same - start to close , then stop and go back up , and clicks ... so , i called a garage door repair dude , he came over and said `` it 's the RMP sensor '' . I will fix it for $ 100 . let me know when you want to do it '' . His mistake was to tell a guy who is really handy what is causing the problem . I came on amazon , purchased the RPM sensor , took the cover off , unplugged the old sensor , plugged the new sensor and the door works like a charm right now . his price - $ 100 . my cost - $ 8.99 + S&H ; + 15 mins of labor . the 500 screws that were holding the cover took more time than the actual repair.apparently liftmaster makes the RPM sensors for craftsman . in fact , craftsman is exactly the same product as lift master . they just get to charge more.so , there you have it . if you door ca n't open or close all the way down , get one of these and save a bunch of money .
 This was a perfect replacement for the my opener . Our door stopped working correctly after lightning struck close to our house . The door would open about 6 inches , then reverse like it got stuck . After checking the track , invisible eye , and tension/travel settings , I determined this was the likely problem.Disconnecting the opener from power , then taking off the red housing of the motor unit will reveal this part near the front of the door opener closest to the track . Very accessible and easy to replace.It 's cheap enough that even if it 's not this part , you 're not out a lot of money.One tip , though
 Looked up the manual to my garage door opener on-line . Troubleshooting section advised that the problems I was having was likely due to a faulty RPM sensor . I found one on Amazon for the best price on the web . It arrived quickly and came with simple directions . Installed in about 15 minutes and it worked perfectly . That was about 3 months ago and the garage door opener is still working fine .
 I have an older Craftsman Garage Door Opener . Had replaced the gears to my garage door opener and it would not work right . Would only move a foot or so and stop . Looked up information about what could possibly be wrong and it suggested that the RPM Sensor Assembly probably needed replaced . Replaced it and it now works like a charm . Was much cheaper then buying a whole new automatic garage door opener .
 This was one of the most simple and cost saving things I have done . instructions were exact and took longer to put cover back on vs. change the part .
 Fixed my door opener that only went up six inches and stopped . Has been working for a year . It was easy to install .
 I had that issue with my garage door opener , where it would move the trolley for a short distance then reverse back again . I had two technicians coming to my home without having any clue about solving this problem and in addition to taking unnecessary fees , they wanted to replace the whole opener for hundreds of dollars ! After searching online I found this simple solution , and once I put it , it worked great!In my model , which is a LiftMaster 3280 , you can diagnose this problem when the light on the opener flash 5-times , the Liftmaster manual also points to the RPM sensor in this case.I was really happy to find this online , instead of giving up to incompetent and greedy technicians.The only hassle was to find the RPM sensor inside the opener . In my model , it &#8217; s on the opposite end from the side that has the logic board and gears . By removing a few nails from that side , you will find it behind the interrupter cup with a wire plug connected to it . Just remove the wires and cup and replace it . This comes with an interrupter cup too but i didn &#8217; t need it , since my current cup had no issues .
 Bought this a couple of years ago and it 's still working perfectly ! The old one just stopped working for some reason and this one was a perfect replacment !
 Not sure if I needed this as the diagnostics were RPM sensor or the board . I ordered both as the RPM sensor was inexpensive and did not want to go to the trouble of installing a new board and still not having it work . All is well and my garage door now works at a fraction of the cost of having someone in to repair it .
 I received the sensor within just a few days . It was exactly what I expected when it arrived . I installed it and it did the trick . Great service .
 If the door goes down a few inches and then stops and there is nothing wrong with the sensors at the bottom of the door , this may be the cause . You can Bing for installation directions and then install it without much trouble .
 My garage door was not working for 4 months.And did some research and bought this product.Right away the garage door started working great .
 This item was super easy to install . In fact , you only have to remove one end of the garage door opener to get to it . It takes about 5 minutes if you take your time . I got the product in no time . It is small enough to be sent in an envelope so it saves you some shipping and handling . For about $ 12 I 'd try replacing this item first if my door ever quits working again.Related to this item , you might want to have a professional adjust the garage door lift springs so that the door is very light . This makes your opener last a lot longer since it does n't have to work so hard . A pro charges around $ 50 for adjustment but you wo n't get hurt messing with a torsion spring !
 Arrived quickly , works perfectly . Took off the back , popped out the burnt out old one , put in this bad boy and now my garage door will open and close . Two thumbs up !
 I thought that we would need a new garage door opener but when I researched the problem I found out that all we might need was this little part that was cheap and easy to install.I would have given it five stars but our garage door opener is n't all that old and something so important really should n't have gone out so soon .
 I have a new Craftsman garage door that is less then 6 months old . I would not go down . I trouble shot it . I disconnected the garage door and still would not go down even with no weight on the door opener . I checked the lasers on the door and they were functioning correctly . I adjusted the down force and still would not work . I called Sears . Was still in warranty for parts but not labor . They wanted $ 75 for a service call plus labor . If it needed parts that would be covered . That would cost be over $ 100 to fix a door that is almost brand new . CRAZY . I did a little research online and found it is most likely this RPM sensor . I called Sears to see if they would cover the part since parts are still covered . They would only cover it if they made a service call . I decided to take a chance and order this part from Amazon . came in two days . Took about 10 mins to replace it -LRB- most of the time was to remove the cover to the opener -RRB- . Presto . Everything now works great . Easy fix . Five stars for Amazon ... Zero stars for Craftsman and Sears .
 Great purchase . I was so frustrated and I could n't figure out what was causing my garage door to reverse direction after just a few feet . This was an easy fix . Everything was packed well and shipped fast
 The item is excellent and that was exspected and it resolved the issue . But the seller is very customer focused . Thanks
 Easy swap out for the part . However the symptoms of my garage door was no movement at all of the gears . I ordered the logic board with the RPM sensor just in case.So if your garage door is not moving at all , it is most likely the logic board . The RPM sensor is cheap though at about $ 6 . So I replaced that anyway .
 Excellent idea having loctite in a stick form . No more dripping or going where you do n't want it to be . Never be without a stick of this again .
 Temp remains within about 4 degree range -LRB- + / - 2 degrees of set temp -RRB- . Allows for gradual temp changes between programmed settings & lots of changeable programs - up to 4 settings per day . Extremely easy to use , program and only about 10 minutes to install . I have been very pleased with this purchase . Great value !
 I guess it is a tribute that I am buying another one of these . I have had this unit for 7 years and it has been slowly dying for a few months . The weakness is the pushbuttons and slide switches that wear out . The real plus to this unit is the interface which is a lot easier and quicker than the almost entirely menu-driven units which take time to change . This one is quick for guests to figure out too . So the `` hard '' buttons are both a strength and weakness . Overall though , a nice thermostat which you may have to replace in a few years -- unless the manufacturer has made any changes in it since I bought my original one .
 A progammable thermostat that you can actually set differently for each of the seven days - perfect for people with non traditional schedules . And the ` off the wall ' setting capability makes it very convenient to set up .
 This is a great thermostat ! I have 2 in my Phoenix house . I could n't find them for sale any place in town and really wanted to get the same thing , so I ordered off Amazon . I fiddled with it for a while and decided it was broken . I got on the Lux web page and typed in a little 3 line message , fully expecting to be ignored . Within 15 minutes I get a phone call from a service guy that makes some recommendations . I go home and try them , no joy . Went back to the same web page and type in message summarizing my results . Again with in 15 minutes the SAME person calls me back and arranges to send me another thermostat and a pre-paid envelope to return the old one ! Now I know `` the first one did n't work , '' however , getting that kind of help more than compensates . Great product , better service !
 We had Lux programmable thermostats in our home for 13 years and they started to act a little wierd so we purchased new ones . Very happy with the quality , features and how long they last ! Highly recommend this product .
 All good . The only wish I have is that the batteries could be replaced without taking off the whole thing .
 This product is great ! Checked out Consumer Reports before ordering and all of the Lux thermostats were highly rated . This one installed in minutes and has been working perfectly . It 's easy to program and I no longer have to `` remember '' to change the thermostat setting when I leave for work . I highly recommend this unit ... it 's a terrific value .
 In agreement with prior reviewers . I use this model in a commercial retail store because it was far better than the 2 prog . honeywells and the prog . hunter -LRB- garbage -RRB- i had . I now have one in my home . I asked my plummer `` What do you use in YOUR house ? '' This was it .
 I bought my unit at Lowe 's . I am using this for a millivolt based natural gas wall heater and it works great . Simple two wire hookup for my system , but can handle much more complicated setups . I am going to be going with the HoneyWell RTH7500D for my main house control because I want the `` auto-switchover '' feature , where it will automatically cool or heat depending on the temperature . But this unit is much cheaper than the Honeywell and is working great for controlling my heater . You would want a different unit if you had a multi-stage heat pump , since this unit is not compatible with multi-stage heat pumps .
 Easy to setup . Looks good , great price . Shopped around a bit and this value is second to none . I have only had it for a month or so and good so far .
 As I understand it , the TX9000 model has been discontinued by the manufacturer . However , the one I bought works fine.The installation instructions were clear . After I detached the old analog thermostat that came with my house , it took me about 20 minutes to install the new TX9000 .
 I was sick of the constant cycling my cheap programmable thermostat was doing . It would cycle my furnace and A/C every 5 to 10 minutes regardless if it needed it . This one let 's you adjust that cycle temperature . I adjusted it so now it can have up to + / -2.5 degree F swing . So if you set 65 it will kick on at 63 and shut off at 67 . It can be adjusted so it stays at a constant temperature as well , but I was trying to get rid of the constant cycling during cold weather . Great product so far .
 It is easy to program and install . We have been using it for a month or so now and has had no problems with it .
 We only have a heating system -- no A/C or anything -- so installing the thermostat was quite easy . The thermometer and temperature controls seem to work fine now . The only drawback is an annoying high-pitched buzzing sound while the light is on . -LRB- The screen lights up for several seconds after you press a button . -RRB-
 It was easy to install , seems to work just fine . Simple to program . The only thing I would change is being able to replace the batteries from the front instead of having to take it down to switch them out .
 Works well and easy to program . Has definitely decreased our heating bills . Price of product was also very good . Would buy again
 In an age of the internet GUI store fronts , the typical on-line stores may forget the importance of quality in F2F interaction with the customer . In this regards , FAVGUTI exceeds all expectations on customer satisfaction!The product ordered opposed to product recieved was incorrect -LRB- ... it happens -RRB- , to final product quality / reliability was addressed daily till mutually satisfied . Need more on-line stores like FAVGUTI !! -- Michael -LRB- in San Diego -RRB-
 Sometimes simpler devices are more efficient and practical than more sophisticated fancy ones.That 's the case with this thermostat , the first one I ever tried was given to my by one of my brothers , I installed it in a relative 's house and everytime I was there I felt the constance in temperature stability . So after a while I ended up getting one for my own place .
 I purchased this years ago . It continues to work fine and saves so much money on heat during the winter .
 The wrenches seem almost identical to those in the cheaper set , B0000AXB86 , but the tool roll is made of heavier duty material than the cheaper set . If you do n't need the tool roll , I 'd get the cheaper set.I got one of each to compare.Chris
 Needed this to fix my automatic garage door that is over 15 years old . To my surprise , this thing was available here -LRB- talk about obscure -RRB- . It has been almost 2 years since the fix , and I 'm simply amazed that the automatic garage door still works .
 As a replacement Front Idler Sprocket , the X145 truly gets the job done and does so superbly . But a larger question looms here ... is the market for these types of goods actually that large here on Amazon ? I am truly curious ... At any rate ... order a baker 's dozen of these today . Just be cautious that you are getting the 5/8 '' here . So , if you need a 1/2 '' , or that rare 3/4 '' power-house , look elsewhere .
 If you need a dimmer for your desk lamp that 's just too bright , this is perfect . cheaper and easier than a wall dimmer . Just remember to unplug the wire from the wall first . Other than that , you 're set .
 I purchased this flush mount , and they look much better than pictured.the base are metal and the color are antique brass finish.the design on the metal base is matching the design on the lampshade.I am very pleased with this lamp and it took me no time to assembled it .
 These are very solid , well made , and good looking.The only beef I have is that they include two bolts
 These knobs have been used all through the house during our LONG renovation process . They are performing very well well
 Everything you need to vent through wall in one box - saves a bunch of time looking at the local hardware store and price is very competitive .
 What a great Deal I got on this vent kit . And - It was only 25 % of the price on other sites !!
 Installed my 75k BTU heater with this kit and no problem at all.The 90 degree elbow was a bit difficult to turn , but it did turn with a bit of effort . Was n't worth deducting a star from the rating .
 We ordered this plaque for our front porch . Was a little dismayed with the estimated time frame for it to be delivered . We received this 3 weeks ahead of the estimated delivery , and the packaging was secure . It is perfect for our colonial style home , and the color was a perfect match for our front door ! I had questions and concerns regarding the color of the numbering , and Zeus responding to my e-mail inquires within 24 hours . Big thumbs up , for this wonderful addition to my home .
 Overall this is a great convenient lock with it 's obvious feature . BUT ... My main concern is even though it says in the features here `` Universal size cylinders with pick-resistant mushroom pins to discourage break-ins . '' This is certainly not the case , it is not pick-proof or resistant !! I was able to pick it in less than a minute . Guess I 'll be looking into replacing it with a more proven pick-resistant cylinder ! Oooops ... Good job Turner ! You should actually ask someone to pick it first .
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT :1 . Works as described2 . Installs effortlessly -LRB- and I am NOT a very handy person -RRB- 3 . Nice quality4 . Smooth turning from all three points
 Bought this -LRB- and some other Milton units -RRB- to standardize my workshop on a single quality connector . I had one out of box failure -LRB- leaked at the factory joint -RRB- out of about 25 units . Itwas promptly replaced by the seller free of charge , very pleased.I orders up various quantities of the S775 -LRB- ends of hoses or hose reels and tools with 1/4 &#34; NPT male -RRB- , S776 -LRB- tools with 1/4 &#34; NPT female -RRB- , S213 -LRB- 5 piece set of the 75 & 76 , plus the male A series ends you need for loose hoses -RRB- , S745 -LRB- used to make a conversion hose so I can borrow a friends tools that use the M style connectors -RRB- . All interconnect nicely , and seal beautifully . The real test is time and use , so maybe in 6 months after I drag them around the shop can comment on longevity.One thing that I found an improvement over the cheapo crap ones , I can snap a tool in one handed , without having to retract the collar to insert . Nice ! Would highly recommend these to replace the cheap ones that are bought at your local import tool store which all leak and get sloppy very quickly .
 I went to the hardware store to buy a new adapter for inflating tires . There are three different kinds of plugs ! And none of them is the kind my compressor came with . Now I have this coupler installed on the compressor , and it accepts all plugs very nicely .
 These are well made for the price , and do come in handy and nice to have.They are machined well and cut square not rounded inside corners , so they are less likelyto slip .
 never thought i would need these , but they have come in handy numerous times since i bought them . quite well made .
 I purchased this RamSet Ram 1000 to replace our 22 year old gate opener that finally quit on us . Install was quick & easy after I poured a new cement pad . Opener came fully assembled and included two 10ft lengths of # 40 chain & master links . Also includes an full size full color manual that is well written -LRB- in English NOT a poor Chinese translation -RRB- . I swapped over my radio receiver -LRB- not included -RRB- so all my remotes work as well as my previous gate keypad/intercom entry system.Great features I like - USA made , Direct chain drive - no belts , Control board is labeled well and has Open/Close/Stop buttons making setup & adjustments easy , -LRB- lockable -RRB- Foot pedal chain-release is awesome - no more greasy hands & can released & engaged it in a matter of seconds . Near silent operation & opens our heavy steel gate that sits on a slope with ease . Register it online and you gain a TEN year warranty!Only feature I would have liked to see it have is a way to lock the cover to the opener frame vs just two bolts holding it on . This would help prevent anyone with pliers pulling off cover and opening the gate.Overall this is a solid , well-made gate opener for a good price . After using it now for 5 months we have had no issues I am very happy with our purchase .
 Great set of crowfoot wrenches nice solid feel and good look to them as well , great for any DIY like myself to have.A case would have been nice but i guess with the price in mind it makes sense also came with a nice catolog .
 needed this to replace the power steering hose on my son 's car at the steering rack . not much space to turn things . a socket and ordinary wrench would not fit . these crows feet work quite well . come with a handy rack to store them on . they do not take up much space . have used them numerous times now that we have them . I always wondered what good a crowsfoot was . My son 's car needs them in numerous places . very handy item to have , especially where space is real tight .
 I purchased a LUX Thermostat from Builders Depot . I ordered the DHM100 as advertised and they shipped me DHM110 which is compatible and was charged $ 35.68 which is a higher than the DHM110 which they advertise at $ 28.99 and I can also purchase for $ 24.99 at my local home improvement store . The problem is I can only contact Builders Depot by email and I have to wait 5 to 7 days for a reply . When I finally did get a reply I was issued an RMA return number and I shipped the thermostat back according to their instructions , emailed my ups tracking number as requested by their customer service and they received the thermostat back on 2/4 and I am still waiting for my refund . I just received another email requesting me to give them my tracking number again . I will never order again from them but I will order from Amazon.com because they always do their part .
 This item is good for storage of cds and is less breakable than the harder cases . Wish I 'd have bought and may buy more of them than harder cases , which can crack .
 if you are a construction guy a straight edge is critical , they are sometimes hard to find at a good price/quality . this one fit the bill and fits -LSB- tightly -RSB- in my stabilla 8 ' case with a level .
 This is my one and only solder I use to repair guitars and install pickups . Lead free is the way to go . I can not find it anywhere else so I order from amazon . Quick deliver and a perfect product . Thanks amazon !
 I used this to repair a laptop motherboard . The laptop is RoHS compliant so I figured they were using lead-free solder on it already . It did seem to take more heat than my lead based solder , but it worked well for the repair .
 Low price , quick shipment . Feels indestructible!Just started out with woodworking , and bought this one , a 7 &#34; model , and a combination square . I use both speed squares more than the combo square .
 I 'm always on the lookout for something to make working in the shop easier . I saw this recommended on a web site , so I ordered it . You can read the description to see all it can do . It 's a very versatile tool . At the price , there 's no reason not to get one .
 its big and its square , very handy for all sorts of projects . Seems to be sturdy enough to last , has a nice bright color to help from losing it as well . I like the notches for keeping your pencil steady when scribing lines , also has the proper indexes for cutting all sorts of rafters and angles etc. . .
 Great product ! Flexible arm stays in place . Special care for cleaning is required . This product will last for years .
 The DavidWhite pocket sight-level is the handiest tool for carpentry , masonry , and general excavation and construction . Without any set-up or tuning , it gives the user a fast and accurate way of determining point of level at a distance . I have used one many times for sighting level from distances of 10 ' to 350 ' and have had good results in every instance . For the price , it 's one of the best gadgets in your tool box .
 I USE THIS LEVEL ON MY JOB SITE TO SHOT GRADE ON DRIT OR PIPE THE VIEW THROW THE SIGHT IS CLEAR AND CLOSE UP IS SPARD
 Quick Look : -RRB- Pros
 I still have a few original push button switches in my 1918 house . These wall plates look great . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 If you purchase the mixing nozzles this gun is a must have in your tool box . And talking about a one hand ease of use this is a caulking gun without the long tube barrel all you do is lock back add your glue tube and squeeze the trigger . If you work on your own vehicles and need to install your own glass or panels you ca n't go wrong with this product .
 At 8 '' this is the only poly square that is big enough to handle siding . Great for laying out those special angle cuts . Also , has a scribe bar that lets you use your knife to score a pieces of siding . Once the siding is scored , all you have to do is bend it down and back up for a clean cut in seconds . Now I do n't have to pull out and set up my 10 ' brake to make one or two cuts .
 Quality is always first with Swanson , they are perfectly square when you test them . Lightweight enough to be easy to handle , but strong enough to not bend like the cheap ones . Best price and instant ship .
 Just got this product installed , I love the brush finish and it looks and is working just fine!The plumber did not have a problem with this set .
 This faucet had a very nice manifold . It was extremely compact and very heavy . The finish on the hardware was good quality .
 I needed a pretty accurate square for a project and decided to get this for its heft and apparent quality . I was n't disappointed . This is one of the best measureing devices I have ever used . It is extremly accurate and very solidly built . The etched stainless steel blade is dead-on , the precision machined cast body is solid , the 1/8 '' ,1 / 16 '' and 1/32 `` graduations are easily readable , and hardened removable scriber is hefty and also of the same professional quality as the rest of the sqaure . I do n't think you could get a better value for a square for your money !
 I have about a dozen squares including some old Stanley 's , Brown and Sharp and Starrett . The Swanson is just as accurate and adjust and locks very well . The blade is also easy to read . It is amazing they do n't sell for three times the price .
 When I bought this square I considered it a disposable unit that would probably get bent broken or stolen within short order . After checking it against my Starrett and Mitutoyo squares I was surprised to find out that it was very accurate . Surprisingly , it is also pretty durable . While I am not a big fan of the zinc heads on most consumer grade squares , this one is well made , accurately machined and so far , durable . The etched and painted blade is easy to read although not as easy as the Starrett or Mitutoyo `` satin chrome '' . Granted , you can buy 8 of these squares for the price of one of the Starrett or Mitutoyo units.While I would never consider replacing my 6 '' Mitutoyo square with this one I will not hesitate to run out and buy another , or two or three Swanson squares when my current one finally does get bent or disappears.Overall , I would give this square five stars for value and four stars for quality .
 I already had a larger combo square which I used like crazy , but for many applications having a smaller square is easier to use . I use it for marking board edges , for making sure my chisels and plane irons are square when sharpening them ... . great buy for the price .
 I do precision steel plate fabrication . I purchased both the 6 inch and 16 inch units . Since I work in Decimal Inches , I never use the the scales . Instead I set the depth using the step on precision calipers and then transfer the measurement to my work . Saves wear and tear on my calipers . I appreciate that the rule edges are nice , clean and square and not just an unfinished stamping like the cheap discount store imports . Speaking of which , these only cost a bit more than the cheap discount store imports.I wish I could get extra scribes as they always seem to get lost .
 Having gotten tired of wrestling my cherished 12 '' carpenter 's combination square into cabinet making spaces , I went in search of a decent 6 '' square . While not a Starrett , the 12 '' is still a good tool , made by Union in Orange , Massachusetts many , many years ago . And I have some Starrett fittings I use on the Union blade , so I know the qualities of those tools personally . Together , these set the bar for my search pretty high.To be clear , I was NOT looking to equal the quality of the Starrett components . And to be fair , clean fitting of features from a 1 '' wide large-square blade onto a 13/16 '' wide small-square blade was not an objective either.That being said , some requirements are essential , regardless of the quality of the tool .1 -RRB- As a square , it must be square . This seems self-evident , but I have checked squares in stores and found that sometimes several samples are NOT square . I tend to buy lower quality squares in a store for this reason . The test
 This is a great size combination square to have . I used it for woodworking and furniture making . The slide works well and overall is great value . I would have liked an even smaller one though to fit in the back of my pocket easily .
 I 've had one of these for over a year and I love it , if it was stolen I 'd buy another one . Got one for a son for Christmas as he liked mine so much .
 I needed vents for my observation hive . I would have preferred something a bit smaller made of brass , but this is the best I could find . Keeping my fingers crossed , I ordered these up . After assembly of the hive , I found that they actually look pretty good and they do provide the ventilation required for the hive . The louver spacing is also small enough to prevent unintended escapes . A 1 &#34; wood auger makes a hole perfect for proper fit . They are well made and the price is right .
 I have all kinds of tools because i like trying to invent new things . For one of my experiments , i realized that i needed a larger drill bit chuck . I found the one i needed on Amazon.com , so i ordered it . I actually ordered two of them . Upon arrival , as i checked the product , i was amazed at the quality !! they performed just as i need them to as well , thank you Amazon.com.Jrealman
 Very nice drill chuck for a reasonable price . I needed a replacement chuck for my 1946 drill press and this one is doing a great job and the price was very reasonable .
 this drill chuck makes my drill press work like never before and it will hold the very small bits securelysupreme accuracy
 Just purchased Makita 2704 table saw.Recently did some renovation project on my house.This table saw rocks!Used to own 2703 which was also very good table saw overall .2704 is wider and more sturdy.I like an electric brake , do not have to wait untill blade stops completely while making certain cuts.I think Makita will knock off the rest of table saws on the market !
 This saw is an awesome table saw , the cuts are acurate and it has plenty of power for whatever job you have for it.makita has done it again .
 I saw a tip in a home magazine about fabricating a fitting to blow the water out of garden hoses for the winter . Rather than mess around with the plumbing isle at the hardware store , I found this guy that accomplishes the same exact thing . Everytime I use the garden hose between November and May , I finish by screwing this on and using the air compressor to blow out the remaining water . I usually get about a gallon out of my 100 ' hose . It keeps the hose from freezing and cracking , plus I get the benefit of being able to wash the cars on those rare +32 days.Side note - I turn my air compressor down to 60 psi . I do n't really trust a garden hose to hold much more .
 The plug was exactly what I needed.We used it to blow out the line in winterizing our RV.and it worked .
 This product screws into the city water inlet and then I hook up my air compressor to it to pressurize the lines to blow them out . This is my first time winterizing and we 'll see if I did an adequate job , but it was pretty easy to use . If I did n't and I have some plumbing damage , it was n't because of this product but rather that I did n't do an adequate job of clearing all the water out of the system .
 Easy to use . I actually used a hand -LRB- bicycle -RRB- pump to blow out water from the pipes on our RV .
 i got this just it time to winterize our camper its better than draining all the water and replacing with anti freeze . . used it to blow out all water then just poured a little down the drains . . good price and shipping was fast . .
 Winteriziing your RV can be a challenge at times depending on HOW you do it.I find it best to open all of the valves and blow all of the lines out . I still use a little antifreeze as a precaution .
 Was using some home-made items to winterize our travel trailer until I found this gem . The job became easy thanks to the easy connection .
 Have not installed yet . Looks to be the correct part and without any visible defects . No complaints . Would recommend part .
 This will keep my pipes from freezing and it is n't very expensive . I plan to use it at home and on vacation property . Buy it . It can be adapted to blow out at hose bib connections too . It will save on repairs .
 No more losing the old plug over winter with this install and your done in winter just open and drain your done till spring close and your on your way great item
 This one is much better than the plastic plugs . And the concept of blowing out water instead of displacing it with red pop is sound . The only place that antifreeze must be used is in the water pump and in the P-traps -LRB- sinks and shower -RRB- .
 This was the first time I winterized my trailer . This product was easy to use after I removed the valve stem from inside the blow out plug . With the valve stem in the plug the air pressure was too low , once I removed it it worked like a charm .
 I bought this version over the plastic version because you can connect any type of air compressor to it . The adapter is the same kind as used in car and bicycle tires.I used it last weekend to clear the water lines of my travel trailer and it worked as advertized.I initially was going to just use a bicycle pump to push the water out , but I managed to borrow an air compressor at the last minute . I blew the lines for about 30 minutes and then pumped in some RV antifreeze as recommended by my trailer manufacturer.Even though you 'll only use this adapter once a year , I would recommend this over the plastic version because it should last a lifetime .
 I used this tool to winterize our travel trailer . Simply screw it on to your water hook-up , and then attach your standard air adaptor to your compressor hose - and presto - you 're in business.The tip is flexible , but secure . That is , after connecting your air hose to this plug , you can tip the hose in any of 360-degress , and it will flex . This is great , because in colder weather a more rigid adaptor might break.I would recommend this plug for anyone that wants to winterize their RV , and I would purchase it again .
 well made , it ok nothing fancy worked as it should well made , it ok nothing fancy worked as it should well made , it ok nothing fancy worked as it should
 To keep plastic water pipes from freezing in winter , this device is used to blow any excess water out the pipes . Easier to use and cheaper than using marine antifreeze .
 I bought this item for application other than RV lines blow-out . It should work out fine for intended purpose . This solid brass product , when combined with garden hose coupler , is well suited for precharging heating system expansion tank to gain extra air space in the tank for better heating system pressure stability throughout the heating season . The standard Schraeder valve allows use with any suitable air source .
 All you need to know . It works . Made the job super easy and saves a ton of time . Great tool .
 This impact driver is really a MUST HAVE tool , i mean , it has some serious impact power , I used it in heavy ga metal framing and work for hours with a fresh charged cell , it will drive a 3 '' drywall screws to fasten wood studs togheter and drive the screws all the way into the studs plus the length of the bit you use , with this little giant you can drive ANYTHING to ANY desired depth , i even used it for hard to removed nuts on my car . I just ca n't imagine going to my job without it . It 's also very impact resistant , I have droped it about 3 times from more than 12 feet height and STILL working like when it was NEW , is n't it awesome !!
 I have been trying to find one of these impacts at a resonable price for a long time . I paid more than I wanted for this one but I am very happy with it . It seems like the NiMH batteries have finally come of age . I remember buying some NiMH batteries a while back and they performed much worse than my NiCD battery packs . My only wish is that Makita would continue to support the pod battery style tools for those of us that are still heavily invested in them . I would love to see an 18v pod style grinder and band saw .
 It extends out to just over 120 inches -LRB- 10 ft. -RRB- The markings are in inches with every 12th inch marked in red at the top of the tape . It has hashmarks at 1/4 in. , 1/8 in. , and 1/16th in . like other normal tape measures.It has hashmarks and numbers down the bottom of the tape for centimeters.It has a belt clip and part of the outside casing is rubber so it does n't slip out of your hands . The outside construction is a hard , lighteweight , plastic.The best feature is that after you extend the tape measure , it holds its place automatically . So when you pull out the tape it stays pulled out without having to hold the one end of it or pushing any buttons to lock it into place . You just keep pulling more and more untill the right amount is available , then measure . The bottom of the tape measure is a lever-button that you press to retract the tape back in . It makes it very easy to use by yourself.Would highly recommend to apartment dwellers . It 's small enough and gives us just what we need . Not really recommended for commercial or large home project use .
 Cuts through stainless like a hot knife through butter . Run it slow -LRB- rpm -RRB- and use good/decent cooling and you 'll have zero issues .
 Towel bar was purchased to hopefully match a similar one we have already ; well , it almost matches , but that 's not the manufacturers fault . It 's well made and sturdy like it should be , but I can not give it 5-stars
 Better than I thought it would be . Have repairs on larger equipment and this fit the bill exactly . Nice set .
 I was going to get the Bosch 4000 and saw the Makita at a local Home Depot . I looked over the saw for an hour and decided I would get it . Here is the number 1 reason to get this saw
 This is a fine table saw . It 's easy to set up , smooth running , stable and sturdy , and it 's easy on the back as it rolls on sturdy wheels . The few quibbles that I have are relatively minor and since the saw is new I may find other solutions over time . First , the fence adjustment is not as easy as it sounds and the manual is severely lacking in information . There are 4 allen screws on top of the fence and not two as the manual states . I had to play hit or miss to make the fence parallel to the blade . The scale layout for the fence is very ambiguous even with the magnifier . The centimeter scale is seen better than the inch one . The fence lock and adjustment is better on the Dewalt 10 '' ; I like their rotating knob adjustment . Now the good stuff . The table itself is firm and steady and ready to rip full sheets of plywood . With the blade recessed I use it as workbench for sanding etc. because it is so big and steady . The table extension is great . The blade goes up and down smoothly and easily and the best part is the smoothness of the motor . It 's quiet and strong and goes through 4x4 pressure treated stock like butter ; hardwoods too . And the brake works perfectly . I have n't tried the miter guage yet so I ca n't comment but with minor tweaking this could be the best and smoothest portable on the market . Oh , and best of all I got this saw for under $ 500 with free shipping from Tyler Tool . What a deal.After using this saw for a while I want to downgrade it for several reasons mostly the fence . The adjustment is haphazard and inaccurate and does not stay square to the blade when clamped . I see no way to remedy the problem . The Dewalt has a great fence adjustment and tightening system but the table is too small for sheet goods . Also the blade insert is not stable and is hard or impossible to get to sit flat on all sides and the blade can not be adjusted parallel to the table . All in all the saw has much promise but fails to fulfill in all the important ways.After having this saw for two years I need to downgrade it to one star . It is absolute crap . From the fence to the plastic gears to the bevel adjustment , this saw is junk . I have broken teeth on the bevel gear twice . The gears to the blade height must be cleaned almost every day . The fence adjustment makes squaring next to impossible . I could go on . DO NOT BUY THIS SAW .
 A month ago I bought this saw from Tyler Tools to replace the old Delta 9 '' I 've been lugging out to jobs . Now that I 've used it daily I feel that I 'm qualified to write this review . This is a very good little saw . My opinion of Makita tools might be biased because of past good experiences with their other tools -LRB- though their cordless tools do n't impress me much -RRB- however there is just no denying that this is a well designed machine . All the tools store on-board the saw base - tightly . Just like the Bosch - the blade storage is also on-board the base . I bet the machined aluminum table will long outlast the Bosch and Rigid as will the metal gears . I hooked up the shop vac to the saw 's dust port and was relieved of 90 % of the dust generated during the ripping of MDF . Another reviewer commented that the bevel release levers were flimsy . Well - you really do n't need to crank on it that much to release or lock it . Unfortunately the saw does n't come packaged with any finesse . That you have to bring to work yourself.This saw has more than enough power to handle ripping most any materials . The fence is sufficient . You got to remember it 's not a cabinet saw and your not buying a Biesemeyer fence . The table extension works great.The reasons I did n't give it a fifth star :1 . Makita greased up the front and rear fence rails with what appears to be cosmolene . Why ? I had to wipe the thing down when I first unpacked it and I 'm still wiping it off .2 . Although the stand seems to be working just fine - I do n't have that kind of faith in it - yet . The jury is still out .3 . The plastic push stick is pure home owner crap . Makita could have spent the cost of it by adding 1 foot more to the length of the power cord.So , all you contractors and big dollar carpenters , hurry on down to your favorite on-line store -LRB- Tyler Tools -RRB- and get yourself this mighty fine saw ! You wo n't regret it .
 I am a first time purchaser and , for that matter , user of a table saw . I purchased the 2704 separate from the stand . Got the saw on Ebay -LRB- sorry Amazon -RRB- for about $ 430 and the stand on Ebay -LRB- oops again -RRB- for $ 196 . Completely satisfied thus far . Just basically use it for ripping at this point . However , I can counter some of the nay sayers with regard to the rip fence . It does securely tighten when you follow the owners manual . Just read a bit and you 'll see that you merely have to adjust two screws . I did so and fence remained tight and cuts were extremely accurate ! As for the stand ... I love it . It does store the saw vertically . It is very strong and works effortlessly !
 The makita table saw is a great all around saw . It is easy to move around and is very stable with the portable stand . The only bad part of my deal was with amazon . The checkout is confusing and if you need to talk with someone about a mistake or a problem good luck . CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE SUCKS .
 Well after running some wood thought it I am glad I got it . Works great and runs super smooth .
 A good product , but costs a bit too much . I needed this and could n't find it in any of the stores around where I live .
 Formby 's refinisher is simply the best and easiest to work with of any finish/paint stripper , bar none . I refinish antiques as a hobby . When a dealer who saw my work actually hired me to redo some delicately carved Victorian pieces , I knew that Homer was my dude . No other refinishing liquid that 's available retail is easier to work with . The scraping that most commercial stripper-pastes require would have made the job twice as hard , and probably done damage to the carving . I 'm a loyal customer .
 Great stuff and it works fast and easy . Not meant to refinish your kitchen , this is for Furniture only . Wear gloves and use outside or in a well ventilated area .
 I would highly recommend the Danco `` separates '' for a bathroom renovation . Buying a brushed nickel set from one of the branded names -LRB- Moen etc. -RRB- can get very expensive -LRB- $ 300-400 -RRB- . I was able to piece together all the parts that I needed for under $ 100 . I am impressed with the quality and the color -LRB- I say that because some `` brushed nickel '' products are decidedly chrome when they arrive , but these look perfect -RRB- . The expensive brands may have a slight edge on quality , but I have absolutely no complaints about what I consider a high quality product for a great price .
 For the occasional need for a large bolt or nut it 's great having this large set . Quality is fine .
 Got this as a spare . Works as advertised just wish it did n't eat batteries so fast . Instructions on the package makes installation fool proof . Just make sure you put the batteries in right .
 This is BRIGHT ... accordingly , it eats the juice ! I would recommend as an upgrade if you 're after candles . Just pop it in to replace the original bulb module , that 's it . 123 batteries are reasonable so give er a try . I have the Surefire 9P .
 Doubles the output of your 9P . Great when you need a compact light , and brightness is crucial . Some of us actually have to plunge into total darkness like an abandoned building , unlit warehouse , or a park in the middle of the night . A little overkill if you just need something for camping or to read your comic books with under the covers . A 20 minute run time on disposable batteries will cost you a fortune to use this light all day in technical applications . But if your life depends on your ability to light up the night , then this is a great lamp to attach on to a tactical weapon .
 I received one item wrong -LRB- different color -RRB- , called glassware pro and I am in the process of exchange it . I liked the item itself and would recommend it
 This is a power adapter for Sony 's Network Walkman devices which otherwise would have to be connected to a powered-up PC 's USB port to charge . It 's a little bigger than average -LRB- almost twice the size of my cell phone charger -RRB- but has a retractible plug and removable USB cord . It worked fine for me both in the US and with the appropriate plug adapter in the UK . It handles 110v and 220v without a converter .
 Good product . It does the trick .
 I am very satisfied with this product . It 's perfect for travellers .
 I read the reviews and purchased the set . It arrived in excellent condtion , no chips and very sharp . I used it on some small maple turnings and found the skew excellent as is the parting tool . The gouge did not leave as smooth a surface but then it is small and I may have been a little heavy handed.I recomend these tools to anyone who is turning pens etc. I have used Penn State Industries tools before and they were all good buys . If you have a problem with any of their products , they will make it right .
 I purchased these to use on the M3 metal pen blanks as they cause you to sharpen the chisels every few cutting passes . The carbide was a little dull out of the box but I honed them on a diamond stone and they will shave my arm.The edge holds up well , better than my Sorby gouge that I paid $ 70 for .
 Excellent tools for working on pens and other small items . Vitrually never needs sharpening due to its carbide tips . -LRB- The last 1/2 inch or so of the tool is a piece of brazed on carbide . -RRB-
 I have been using this set for several months , I have made over 15 + pens , and I still have not had to sharpen them .
 The tools are great sharp out of the box and I have not had to touch them up in the 2 months I have had them . I wish they had additional tools with the same feature .
 I bought a version of this cart -LRB- the 800 -RRB- about 25 years ago and it had been flawless until the top handle finally broke . I did order a new handle from Remin , but decided to treat myself to a new one and give the old one to a friend . It had been all over the world , hauled lots of equipment and never let me down . I did replace the cords a couple of times over the years , but that 's only because of age.I did n't use the extra set of wheels on the 800 very often and prefer the 600 is it 's a lot lighter.I very highly recommend this product .
 I found this at Amazon for about half of what my local supply house wanted for the same fixture , just with a slightly different name . It looks great and works well .
 Towel bar was purchased to hopefully match a similar one we have already ; well , it almost matches , but that 's not the manufacturers fault . It 's well made and sturdy like it should be , but I can not give it 5-stars
 I would highly recommend the Danco `` separates '' for a bathroom renovation . Buying a brushed nickel set from one of the branded names -LRB- Moen etc. -RRB- can get very expensive -LRB- $ 300-400 -RRB- . I was able to piece together all the parts that I needed for under $ 100 . I am impressed with the quality and the color -LRB- I say that because some `` brushed nickel '' products are decidedly chrome when they arrive , but these look perfect -RRB- . The expensive brands may have a slight edge on quality , but I have absolutely no complaints about what I consider a high quality product for a great price .
 Ever since I learned the need to check calibration of my levels , I have been looking for one that had that capability . Irwin is the only manufacturer I have found to date.If you do n't think the ability to adjust and calibrate your levels is necessary , just test them out by taking a reading , and then turning the level 180 degrees -LRB- end for end -RRB- and check that bubble again . Only one of my five levels passed the test.Have used these a lot . The side window view of the bubbles is handy . The levels look professional and feel professional .
 This level holds up very well under pressure . When I first got it I took it out of level just to see how easy it was to calibrate and I was amazed , it was simple . I am a rough framer and work on multi-million dollar homes and it is imperative that everything is level and plumb . Since I have had this level I check it every day it is still perfect .
 These are great levels at a great price . I love the mirrors which allow you to read the levels from positions that normally make reading a level impossible . The finish of the level surface is also very nice insofar as it is relatively nonskid .
 Like the other reviewers , really like these levels . Not as pictured . Rubber ends are now yellow not black and the center vile is trimmed with yellow plastic minus the two screws shown . All that aside , they arrived dead solid perfect no thanks to the scant packaging . The levels themselves are great .
 I have owned these levels -LSB- under the levelution name -RSB- since 2000 when they were the levolution levels . I have found the callibration ability very handy . I also own some stabilla levels but in truth I prefer my irwin levels . If you have to send a big staibilla back for a new one because it needs callibration it is costly and you do n't have a level for a while , with the irwin you just callibrate and keep going . I do n't care what level you use you need to check it before use if your work needs to be accurate .
 I 've been in construction for nearly 30 years and have spent a good deal of money on levels that were suppose to be high end -LRB- laminate , I beam , mahogany , brass bound , etc. -RRB- and had to check them all before I left the store to find one that was true . I 've had my current IRWIN Strait-Line for over 5 years now and only had to recalibrate it 3 or 4 times after particularly nasty bumps or drops . When these levels get destroyed like my original LEVELUTION did , -LRB- crushed by the high lift -RRB- I 'll replace them with these . End of discussion . Happy leveling .
 I am very pleased with these levels . The price was great , they are light weight , easy to read and feel super solid . My only beef is that the aluminum sides leave black scuff marks , not a big deal on framing , but a real drag on a white painted cabinet !
 It does what I expected . I just got my first hammer drill , so I do n't really know what to compare this drill bit to .
 I use these just about every day at work and these are excellent . I abuse them daily cutting wires , cables , plastic zipties , and prying sheet metal . After a couple of years of abuse , they are still sharp and cut well and have more years of good use left on them . The best bang for your buck for a good diagonal plier.The 8 '' length is perfect , giving enough leverage to cut through thicker materials.I have used Channel Lock and Craftsman and the Stanley is superior to both of them . The only other one that I would use is the Klein , which costs about double of this product .
 My second pair . Am using to cut stainless steel . Last longer than 3 others I have tried . Th leverage from the larger cutters allows me to cut 2 .045 tig wires at a time .
 This was a gift to me from my wife a few years back and I have to say I loved it.Having used this on and off for the past few years , I love it even more . This tool gets the job done cutting about anything you can fit into it.This was used heavily during Christmas opening up kids toys from the boxes , straps , ties , plastic clips and it was no problem . Sure beats getting the knife or regular scissors out.A must have for the tool box . 5/5 Stars !
 go for great reaching 10 inch plier ... stanley is an easy see in the tool box ... i bought my fat max at another store ...
 These Milwaukee router bits are presently being clearanced out by multiple sellers , and they appear to be identical to Freud 's premium router bits -LRB- but without the red paint -RRB- . As such they can be an excellent bargain . You get a very nice Italian made bit for Chinese bit prices.Be warned , however , that this bit would more accurately be called a 1/4 '' shank bit with a 1/2 '' by 1 '' cutter . The 2-5/8 '' description is misleading at that refers to the entire bit length including the shank . For my purposes -LRB- at at the closeout bargain price -RRB- , the 1 '' cutter length is fine ... but be sure you know what you are getting .
 This is a must have to take out a pipe nipple that is tight . If you use a regular pipe wrench it will crush the nipple and make a real problem of cutting it out .
 The lamp was packed very well , and arrived -LRB- via transatlantic air shipment -RRB- in perfect condition . It 's a beautiful lamp , but be aware it 's not a tiny little end-table lamp ; this one has some height and heft to it . Allow plenty of room for yours ; the shade is proportional to the lamp .
 These are nice trim-duty end clips . I would n't want to snip anything larger than 18gauge wire , but they are great for trim work .
 Packaged well and more durable for the money than similar products . Much more authentic beadboard look . We tried three before and this was light years ahead of our previous attemtps to replace our seat .
 Toilet seat exactly as expected , good-looking and functional . Would recommend . -LRB- I replaced exactly the same one that I damaged with chlorox -- my fault . Otherwise , it performed well , including the hinges . -RRB-
 This toilet seat is wonderful . I was surprised that for the price it has metal hinges , which made it very easy to install . It has the perfect design as our spare bathroom has a wall of tongue and groove wood , which matches exactly . Toilet seat fits perfectly and is very sturdy .
 Solid product , way cheaper then BRS . Will buy again for next aquarium build.Has full shut off & on , also very smooth operation .
 Excellent product , physically sturdy , has n't broken yet ! I use mine indoors , however , it would be perfectly useful outdoors as well .
 Product works great . My father loved his father 's day gift ! Would recommend anyone to purchase this cord so long as 15feet is a good length .
 air ratchet workes on 4cfms of air witch is about all my compressor can handle . it has good speed and power also workes in tight quarters witch is what i need when i work on my equipment.couple that with good service and quick delivery . works for me .
 I bought this for my husband and he said it was perfect for the jobs he has to do . He said he liked that it was a good weight , so it makes it great for the jobs .
 The air ratchet is very well made . I looked at other ones before I ordered this one.No complaints , i would recommend this ratchet
 This purchase was well worth it . All of the pockets and loops are a great size for my tools . I wish the loop for the hammer was a little larger to make it easier to use but it 's still okay just takes some getting used to . I 'm even able to fit a 25 ' Stanley Leverlock tape measure in it perfectly . This is definitely a great quality product from CLC .
 For some reason the usual specs are not given on these or lotsof other Milwaukee bits . These are made in Italy and have thesize given in the title above . I have n't used the item I boughtyet , but it looks fine , and the Milwaukee router bits I boughtlast year -LRB- also made in Italy -RRB- work well.By the way , I highly recommend Whiteside router bits , whichcan be found at a good price on Amazon .
 The product arrived on the anticipated date . It is clearly well made . Close examination of the two cutting edges showed it to be perfect with no nicks etc on the edges . I used it the same day and got a beautiful clean finish on the wood I was edge cleaning . Well done Milwaukee
 I bought this work belt to replace my huge framing bags . They were just too massive for interior work . This tool belt on the other hand is not massive , yet still has plenty of room for what I need to carry . I 'm still getting used to this setup but up to this point I 'm really liking this set of bags .
 The previous reviewer is correct . The cutting edge is only one inch long . Unlike everybody else , Milwaukee measures their bits from the tip of the cutting edge to the base of the shaft ... hence the 2-7/8 inch length . The picture is also incorrect . Both the cutting edge and the shaft are 1/4 '' in diameter ; there is no step-up in size as is shown in the picture.What is n't mentioned anywhere is that this bit has two flutes and is solid carbide . The cutting edge is parallel to the axis of the bit , unlike those bits that have a slight shear angle . It 's extremely sharp and cuts well .
 I only tried a few test cuts , but upon examination of the tool , it 's definitely a good quality cutter and you ca n't go wrong with these . The only drawback is it 's slightly smaller than the typical 9.5 '' cutters sold by Channellock or Greenlee so I would imagine you wo n't get as much leverage using this 1 inch shorter cutter . I also tried the Channellocks though and really ca n't tell much difference with cutting -LRB- my test cuts were on 14-3 romex -RRB- between the two brands . However , the smaller size can also be an advantage because it 's lighter and smaller so takes up less space in your toolbox .
 these cutters are comfortable , strong , and hold their edge . i have only had them a few months but i do n't expect any problems out of these , a great buy .
 This is not for cutting very thin wires -LRB- electronics -RRB- . This is also not for bicycle cable wires or safety wires.This is an * electrical cable * cutter.It is a good very solid one . Nothing fancy about it but that is a good thing . It does not have a return spring and that is a plus and minus depending on what you are used to on a cable cutter.For the one star review
 This has a 1/2 '' steel shank with a 15/64 '' diameter solid carbide cutter inset into the shank . The actual cutting edge is 7/8 '' long . The bit is undersized to fit 1/4 '' plywood.The picture -LRB- obviously ! -RRB- has the cutter the same size as the shank and has brazed-on carbide inserts . It 's incorrect and looks like a standard 1/2 '' straight router bit .
 This works great on rimless eyeglasses . The tool is well made and my wife does n't have to drive to the eyeglass store every 6-8 weeks to get them tightened anymore . Nice Japan made quality tool .
 I have three sets of reading glasses that I purchased at Costco . They began to loosen almost immediately . After dragging my ass about it for a few months , I began to look for a proper tool to tighten the nuts ... which , it seems , are something like 2.25 mm star hex nuts . -LRB- The measurement that would be the equivalent of an across-the-flats measurement on a standard hex nut was 2.25 mm . -RRB- This tool worked perfectly for MY glasses.Now , I just need to figure out where to buy spare nuts and washers to replace the ones that I have lost .
 Received product very promptly & it was just what I expected . a must have for newer glasses with the nut assembly !
 The screws in my favorite rimless readers kept coming loose and since I wear contacts I ca n't see well up close to tighten them . This product makes tightening them easy . It is difficult to change the heads for other glasses though .
 I can see from other reviewers that some have had issues with the nut driver part this item working on their particular rimless eyeglasses . Based on these reviews , I went and purchased a full set of micro nut drivers -LRB- Wiha 26592 Nut Driver Set With Precision Handle -RRB- that I thought would work based on the 7 different sizes included in the set . Well I was wrong ! None of them fit the nut on my Rayban rimless glasses . So , I took a shot and ordered this item . I 'm happy to report that the nut driver is a perfect fit ! I was able to tighten the nut perfectly , and my frame is no longer loose . I do n't know what size nut is on my glasses unfortunately or I 'd list it here for all to see . Next time I 'm at Cohen Optical I 'll see if they can tell me the size and I 'll come back and list it here . Looks to be somewhat of a crapshoot whether or not this tool will work on your particular frames , but for the price I guess it 's worth a shot . Good luck !
 I have always one issue or another with my glasses and tiny screws . This thing is awsome . Got essentially all the precision drivers that you might need , unless you have a fairly exotic frame -LRB- I got some form Germany , Japan , USA and Denmark , it works on all -RRB- .
 Inexpensive and exactly what I needed , my 20 $ readers always fall apart after a while and this tool was perfect . I can tighten all my readers now and I will not have to buy new ones at 20 bucks a pop ... this tool will save me a ton of money since I have 5-6 pairs laying around the house and office
 This IS the perfect maintenance device for the Costco rimless reading glasses , like the other review says . The glasses loosen up right away and fall apart in a week or less of use , but this tool and a little Loctite , and the problem is solved . If you like and use the Costco reading glasses , you MUST own this tool !
 I just installed 2 garage door openers -LRB- Chamberlain -RRB- and I wanted a simple dual control module . This is not as fancy as the ones that came with the openers but it works just as well . I do n't need any LCDs on my garage door openers . I just want a simple , easy to use opener that looks nice . This fit the bill .
 Device is perfect for replacing two separate door openers . Install is simple and took about 3 minutes .
 If you have a dual garage door set-up , this control panel is what you need to eliminate two independent opener buttons . The unit has a code lock-out feature which is great when leaving your home for an extended period because it prevents any outside transmissions , which could possibly cause your door to open while your away . The push buttons also have light diodes included which will allow you to see the control panel in the dark . The other additional feature is that you can control the lights of your opener with the corresponding light button . This unit is very easy to connect and use although I suggest taking a photograph of your existing wiring of your old connections before you begin installation of this unit .
 garage door goes up and down , the lights turn on and off . Timer on lights helpful . Sensor turn lights on to .
 I was told this would work with the Craftsman Garage Door Openers and it does . All of the functions work as well , light control and locking control . I used it with the Craftsmans 1/2hp chain drive openers . Makes for a much nicer installation than the ones included with the openers . Just make sure the Craftsman openers are the Security + type .
 Great upgrade in the garage . Has the ability to turn the garage opener light 's on and off and also can lock the doors so NO remotes will work . Looks much better than the normal button on the wall . Very easy installation . Highly recommend this product .
 Finally , a garage control panel that controls two -LRB- 2 -RRB- different doors . It took me forever to find this product and it works great on a Sears and a Liftmaster garage door opener and it looks so much better than having two seperate controls .
 I received this item in a timely manner , however , the packaging was damaged due to the too small ` jet-pack ' that was used . As it turned out I purchased the wrong item after checking with the garage door manufacturer .
 Highly polished smooth head with great balance . this hammer seems to be built for the long haul . I would definitely recommend this to others .
 I got the `` Dead-on '' hammer , I love it . However , in the website they would give a free Pry bar with it . I did n't get the free pry bar . their website sometimes confused me .
 This is such a little dust bag that holds an important part of your sanding life . The bag is made well and functions exactly like it is supposed to . Although it is a little pricey , it is necessary to have .
 These calipers are cheap but well constructed . I use them for measuring proportions while sculpting maquettes between 5 '' and 1 ' . For this purpose I have been quite pleased . While I wish the action was faster than the knob allows - it 's quite rugged and for the price - a solid buy .
 Perfect for a tiny bathroom . Was looking for a nautical look and ahcieved that with an upadated twist by picking the brushed nickel .
 Purchase this to lay on ground before putting mulch down . Worked great , very heavy plastic , would purchase again . I see this lasting years under the mulch .
 This plastic is very conveniently shaped for running around the house - I have previously bought plastic materials that have to be cut to size and did not find them handy as this one . Very fast shipping from seller , too .
 I am not a gardener . This plastic sheeting was used to line little car tote/trash bags that I made to give to friends and family . I had tried many different plastics and found that this is ideal because it does n't show soil nor does gum or candy wrappers stick to it . The strap of the ditty bags is ideal to hang over the shift and the exterior is covered with some surplus drapery and fringe all leftover from my days of making handbags . Have pictures of my adorable little trash bags but do n't know how to load them to AmazonAlthough this is not a typical use for this product I would readily recommend it for flower beds or gardening . It is a thick mil and will serve many purposes with ease .
 It kept the blood of the carpet and it was very easy to wrap up and secure.They 'll never find the bodies now !
 Really like using landscape plastic versus the landscape fabric sold in home improvement stores . The plastic does a much better job of killing the weeds below while preventing new weeds - the fabric sold in stores is more expensive and the root system of weeds actually thrive along the material . 4MIL black plastic is my favorite to use with stones especially . Product well priced , good quality , great shipping and made in the USA .
 I ordered this to keep some viney weeds out of my garden . It worked great , though I would highly recommend the landscape pins to keep the plastic down and layered over seams . I found out the hard way after returning from vacation to discover some of the weeds had worked their way out from unsecured areas . Just placed my second order and look forward to getting out doing more enjoyable summer activities versus being stuck at home pulling weeds !
 I bought this to use as a mailing medium and it is sturdy , plentiful and works really well . I highly recommend it for this as well as the purproses it is listed for .
 Product works as advertised . It worked very well in tight space where a torch may have started a fire .
 This is a great tool . Had it for a while and it works great . Safer than a torch and great for DIY like me . May not be for Pro 's as it take a while to heat up -LRB- torch is almost instant -RRB- but great for DIY plumbing projects .
 I had seen this product in a retail location for more than $ 100 more than Amazon 's price . I liked the quality and the design fit with the rest of the fixtures in the bathroom . It 's an excellent product and looks great . The service was just as good . I spoke on the phone to the supplier who literally took a cell phone picture of it and emailed it to me to ensure it was the same product I had seen in the store as the web site pictured one slightly different in coloration . I also needed it quickly and he flagged my acct . so when I ordered it through the Amazon web site it was sent on an expedited basis . I could not be happier with the product and service experience .
 These Gerber tools are a great inexpensive Hunters-Must-Have . Most hunters have the saw , but the ratcheting pruner is great for smaller branches . It clears them quickly .
 This has to be the best portable saw and limb clipper set I have ever had . The saw is razor sharp and the clippers are just as effective . This is my second purchase of this item . Awesome
 must have item in your turkey or deer vest.This item would also be good around the place for yard work .
 even though this is labeled a hunters pruning set , I bought one for my wife , she loves it and ca n't wait to get out and start on all the rhodeys . It 's perfect for all those small pruning jobs around the garden ,
 Like it says , it 's heavy duty . It feels thick and hefty when you place it onto the box . I use it to ship stuff , and it keeps the label water-tight , as well as affixes all sorts of things to plastic or cardboard shipping containers .
 This tape is a great value for the multi-purpose packager.The tape is strong and easy to work with . A must have around the house .
 Great heavy duty tape - the dispensers work really well too ! Usually the tape falls back on the roll and you need to fish out the ends , but not with these ! Great buy
 These tapes came in and i was expecting smaller size but when i opened the box i was shocked they were big and i was so happy . The tapes looks small in the picture but you 'll be surprised because they are actually big and very strong . I use these all the time for personal use and business . It is great . Amazon had the best deal on them it was unbelievable and i love their prime membership . The only con with this cape is that the red plastic thing is a little too big but its not that bad . THe fact that the tape is very strong and very big in size cancels out any cons that it has . I would recommend anyone who is thinking to buy packing tape to get his because its defintely worth every penny if not more . .
 This unit has lasted at least four times longer than the plastic junk ones I bought at the local hardware stores . Sometimes it 's hard to insert in the basin and still have the water drain .
 Had to order these for others once they saw mine . Love the motion feature for turning this on vs. a night light that stays on all the time . Some use it for trips to the bathroom in the middle of the night . I use mine when I go to bed since my spouse is already asleep . Gives me enough light to move around without waking him up . Also , when we had a power outage , the light went on . Highly recommended .
 I 've had one of these for just over a year and find it to be very durable and reliable . Just recently I ordered another as a gift for a relative . Brightness as a night light , or as a flashlight/motion detector is entirely acceptable . The motion detector works good - the range for activation at real low incident angles is down to six or eight feet . Straight on it lights up at fifteen to twenty feet . Very useful in the hallway just outside the bathroom . We have used it as a night light in darkened cruise ship cabins , where an A/C outlet is not available . Never have come close to running out of battery power . Overall , an excellent product . Fortunately , we have not had an opportunity to test it as an emergency light during a power outage , but I 'm quite certain it would work just fine .
 I 've had this light now for two months with no problems . It has a dimmer night light which turns on when it gets dark . Then , when you approach , it gradually gets to full brightness within a couple of seconds so as not to affect your eyes with a sudden blast of light . We have one at the base of our stairs and plan on buying another for the hallway . I do n't like having a bright light on all the time , but this one is great because it adapts to your circumstance . My wife loves it ! If you 're not going to invest $ $ $ in a professional emergency exit system , at least buy a couple of these - it could save your life !
 We bought one of these and put it in our kitchen . It worked just as we hoped it would , so I bought 6 more - two for gifts , and four for us . I read other reviews before I executed the second purchase , noting the negative comments . We decided to purchase even though some people had received faulty units . Of the seven total , all have worked flawlessly . I highly recommend this product !
 Excellent product . I bought a couple a year or so ago and they worked so well I bought a bunch for at work . These are night lights but as you get close to them they get brighter . I 've used them as a flashlight in a pinch . Very useful .
 Of the 12 lights I bought , one did n't work . I 'm still waiting for the company to tell me how to get the broken one replaced . I 'll change my rating when that happens .
 Find it interesting ! 1st night I had it the power went out for a few minutes and the emergency light came on . I am impressed .
 Datexx Sentina LED92M . I 'm surprised by the negative reviews ; I bought 5 of these over a year ago and they 've worked great . Maybe I was lucky , but I suspect at least some of the issues others have had were due to the product 's user manual which is n't completely clear about a few things
 I does n't fit all our bikes , but it is very handy for holding up the rear wheel and working on the chain , esp during cleaning .
 I bought this stand to keep the back wheel of my hybrid bike off the ground while I adjust the derailleurs or fix punctures in the rear tube . Using this stand I can make small derailleur adjustments while rotating the pedals by hand to get instant feedback . I also use this stand when I need to remove the back wheel to repair a puncture . The stand holds the back wheel several inches off the ground which is a lot easier than turning the bike upside down to remove the wheel and risk damaging my gear levers.Something like this while last for many years - probably longer than I will , so it was a great buy .
 Use it to support an old hybrid bike I have . It 's not the quickest support to use as you have get down to install while slightly picking up the rear of the bike . Since I using it on a bike only use occasionall , it ok . Would recommend using one you can just roll the bike into for bikes you use a lot .
 I have had this for 13 years , and it is still doing the job , and made in the USA . Always buy USA Products .
 I purchased one of these back in 1974 for my mobile bicycle repair business that I ran out of my dorm room . It worked great for the bicycles of that era . It was very stable and excellent for derailleur adjustments . I also used it teaching bicycle repair courses on campus.One must be aware and careful of all the cables on the down tube and under the bottom bracket.It was great back in the day.I can only see very limited use with the wide variety of frames that are made today.I rate it 5 stars because it works fantastic for vintage steel frames .
 not alot of these show stands around . im glad i found it and id does what its supposed to do . hold a bmx bike up . must have 20 in wheels
 This stand is SOOO convenient . I mostly use it for propping my bike up in my apartment so I do n't have to lean it on my furniture . It 's wonderful for doing quick maintenance jobs , especially if you live in a small place and do n't feel flipping your bike upside down or setting it up on a big rack.I give it four stars only because it barely fits my Jamis Durango 2.0 mountain bike . My bottom tube is tapered and goes to about 45 mm wide , which is wider than the hook on the stand . The hook still goes partially over the tube , though , and the stand still works fine . I 'm glad it barely fits.Added comment 6/22/10 -- Because the hook barely fits , it rubs a lot every time I used it , and the rubber coating is starting to come off after about a year 's worth of use . The coating would probably last longer with a bike that had a narrower bottom tube .
 I love this >> > its cheap and does exactly what it says . its great for on the road check ups and quick maintenance
 As other people said , this is a great stand . Although it may not fit all bicycles , it definitely fits my road bike and even when pedaling at full speed , it stays pretty stable -LRB- of course I 'm not on the bike -RRB- . The reason this item gets 4/5 stars is b/c it leaves a dark stain in the area of contact . It can be easily removed with water & a cloth.I mostly use it to wash my bike & do some basic repairs . If you need a bicycle stand , get this b/c it 's the next best thing to spending $ 100 + on a bicycle stand .
 sure this is a cheap stand BUT if you just want something to hold your bike from falling over and/or you want to have it around for quick drivetrain adjustments -LRB- if you set it just so , you can turn the cranks without hitting the stand -RRB- it more than does the job . If you 're doing a major overhaul you probably want a real workstand but this is an awful handy thing to have around.I 've used it more than once to work on a bike with the rear wheel out and/or adjust a derailleur that was a little out of whack , replacing cables , etc. etc. etc. . You ca n't work on the front wheel with this stand , but that 's not what it 's designed for .
 I had a less well made one of these many years ago which served as my storage - and work-stand . I was delighted to find this to replace the one I mislaid . Cheap and effective . It holds my one bike that does not have a kick-stand and also is great as a work stand when I dont want to pull out my full-size Park work-stand . This stand probably wo n't fit some bikes , but for your conventional road bike with old-size standard tubing -LRB- eg 531 -RRB- this is brilliant.Oh , and as for the Niagara Bike people from whom I purchased this
 I 've been using this stand for more than a year to store my road bike in various apartment living situations . The stand is a great compact tool for keeping the bike upright and stable . Although there is some lateral movement -LRB- tilting -RRB- of the bike from time to time , this only occurs if the bike is bumped . Under regular use if the bike is not touched it will remain stable and in place . What I liked most about this stand is that it stabilized the bike in its normal riding position for storage in areas where I could not install a wall or ceiling mount , but had room for the bike to stand freely . The stand takes up no more width than the bike itself.As for comments about the stand not fitting some frames . This is true of any design change in frame styling and cycling products intended for cylindrical downtubes . While my Fuji Roubaix uses a diamond shaped downtube this has not been a problem with the stand . Larger downtubes , such as on mountain bikes or large comfort bikes , could pose a problem for this . The inner diameter of the hook is approximately 2 '' -LRB- inches -RRB- .
 This is a fine stand for those of us who can neither afford nor have room to store a full size work stand . My road bike has an oversized aluminum downtube and the stand fits it fine . Contrary to what other reviewers have said I see no way it can sractch the bike frame . It has heavy plastic coating everywhere it is apt to touch the bike . It has to be centered on the bike in order to turn the cranks freely but that is not hard to accomplish .
 The needed something to hold the rear wheel up while I adjust my derailers . This works well on my Schwinn Midmoor 700x38 .
 Does exactly what you would expect , it lifts the back wheel off the floor.Not much right/left support , but adequate for working on the chain , etc.Be certain that your bike does not have fat tubes . This unit is made for the average bike .
 Have n't had any issues with the size of the frame . It is larger then a road bike frame but fits fine .
 This item was under ten bucks and worth every penny . I bought this as a cheap alternative to maintaining my bike . All I need to do is maybe adjust derailleur and clean my chain and this works great -LRB- very sturdy for my road bike -RRB- for that as well as holds the bike up for storage too .
 Although it may not fit * all * bikes , if you have a relatively normal-shaped street or mountain bike ... and more importantly if you plan on cleaning it , or doing simple maintenance , adjusting or lubing the chain , etc. . . this is a must have . Bravo .
 This is a great simple product that makes working on a bike really simple and easy . It 's perfect for adjusting deraileurs , brakes , ect . where you are needing to pedal the bike . This way you do n't have to fiddle with changing gears while you ca n't pedal -LRB- which is terrible for a bike -RRB- and then lift up the bike and pedal some how . With this product you do n't have any of that mess . Does n't work with bikes where the deraileur cables are routed under the bottom bracket -LRB- where the pedal bearings are housed -RRB- as the little guides for those cables will tear up the rubber on the stand . You should n't have a bike that does that anyway because that is a really bad spot for them . Great product though , I would recommend it to anyone who is going to work on their bike , makes it so nice . You do have to make sure your bike is on the right spot so it is not tilted and what not , but it only takes me about 10 seconds to put my bike correctly on it so I can not complain about it , especially for the price . And this thing will last too . Not much to go wrong . If you have a large down tube that the stand rests all of it 's cantilever weight on , you might have to spread the hook part of it apart for it to fit , but that would not be hard at all . I highly recommend it unless you are a pro bike-shop who would need the pro stands , ... obviously .
 It 's made cheaply both material and the workmanship . It 's made of relatively soft metal like chrome colored brass . Bright side of this is it 's easy to cut , so if the wheel of you bicycle goes way up high , you can cut it lower with a hack saw with relative ease , at least easier than cutting steel . It supports the weight of a bicycle pretty well but you ca n't sit on the bike while it 's on the stand , of course . Even when I cranked the pedal to the full speed , it was stable to reasonable level . It could have been a better design with hollow aluminium -LRB- or good quality steel tube -RRB- and lighter and I would have happily paid the higher price for it . The bottom line is this . It 's not the most refined looking stand but it works for its purpose and I recommend it to anyone who needs a simple portable bike stand for on location repair or adjustment .
 The Pyramid Bottom Bracket Type Display Stand is an awesome item to take the place of a traditional kickstand . I do n't need to add weight to the bike while riding . The stand is waiting for me in my garage when I return from my ride . A few minutes after returning from my ride I am easily able to safely secure my bike in a stable upright position , reducing the potential for the bike being damaged through falling or knocking against an rough textured adjacent cinder brick wall . Could n't be happier . Sturdy , and well coated to protect the bike frame from any damage from the stand . Also , raising the back tire allows for routine maintenance of the drive and back wheel components . If your looking for a low cost , simple way to protect and maintain your bicycle investment , this is it !
 Works fine . Raises rear tire approximately 4 '' off the ground . Good for adjustments or some repairs . Great value !
 The Pyramid Bottom Bracket bike stand is a great option to take along on those overnight rides . For example , when I do the DALMAC ride it allows me to stand my bike up during the overnight stays instead of laying it down on the ground or trying to find a -LRB- scarce -RRB- tree at the campground . With my bike standing I can then hang my riding clothes on it to dry in the sun . For these reasons I highly recommend this portable bike stand .
 Works . Simple product to use . Must be careful in nesting the bottom bracket to make the bike stand straight . I hook it on the down tube , lift the bike and slowly move it forward as I let it down . That helps rotate the stand under the bottom bracket . Need to watch carefully that it is nested properly and not up toward the hook .
 The price is right and the holds the bike for repair , cleaning , or just parking . Does not hold the bike very tight but for the novist repairman , it is great .
 Bought one 21 years ago from my local bike shop.Used it to hold my bike up and as a work stand.Doesn ' t work well with over sized tube bikes since `` hook '' is too small to hook.Rubber came off awhile ago , but replaced with duct tape.I do n't think I 'll ever need to buy another one since there 's nothing to break or fail .
 I was looking for a simple way to park my new Bianchi roadie and thought this may do the trick - it did . Extremely well made -LRB- for a BB stand -RRB- with a non-marring coating anywhere the stand touches the frame . Picks the back wheel up far enough to easily make drivetrain adjustments as well as remove the rear wheel.Best stand at nearly any price - but for under $ 10
 I was surprised to even find this battery . I have had my Bayco rechargeable light for years and one of the batteries is failing so to find a replacement for it was a very good thing . You have to love Amazon for the variety of items it sells . The battery was shipped quickly and works as advertised . Thanks Amazon !
 Alright , it 's pricey but if you want the best , most powerful air hammer on the market , this is it , no joke . I work for a GM dealership and do alot of front end work . My snap-on air hammer ph3045 -LRB- not blue point -RRB- ca n't compare to this thing . I work with a guy who has one of these and whenever I had trouble he 'd break his 717 out and knock whatever it was out without a problem . Ball joints , wheel studs , bearings , no problem . Thats why I bought one . You will not be disappointed ! Everyone in my shop always talks about this air hammer as the end all to anything stuck and it never disappoints !
 I worked in a tire shop for 20 years doing a lot of front end work . I 've used a lot of air hammers , you name it I tried it , Snap-On , Mac , Mac-co , Cornwell , even Craftsman . All were mere child 's toys compared to this CP . It has a long stroke , so the hits per minute are n't that high , But it hits hard . It 's like a Diesel engine , low end torgue . I know it cost 2 to 3 times what a `` normal '' air hammer cost . But it will take a ball joint out 2-3 times faster . Oh , If you ever do King pins . OMG , I really do n't know how you 'd do them without it . Trust me . You will ask yourself , How did i ever get along without this.Jason
 This is the same handle that comes with the drills when you buy them new . I had bought one used missing the handle and wanted a factory replacement . Perfect .
 These are definitely worth the price . They are really brite and hold their charge all night . I have 10 and they look great around my patio . Durable metal and plastic housing is not cheap looking .
 We love the lights ! We bought six to use in an outside stairwell . The lights periodically do not receive strong sunlight , yet , the low levels do n't seem to lessen the light output we get each evening . We can clearly see to walk in a dark stairwell without the worry of where to step next . Product price was reasonable . Product arrived in a timely fashion and in excellent condition . Having hard plastic in lieu of glass for an outside area allows us to use the product throughout the winter . We are extremely pleased with the product and seller .
 We have so many different solar lights and these are by far my favorite ! They are very bright and hold its charge all night !
 Good price and good product . Easy to install on my chainsaw . I thought about sharpening my old chain , but the tool to do so costs as much as simply buying a new chain .
 The 303 is a great ladder . It is top heavy when fully extended with the wall standoff and I 'd recommend having two people when working with it this way . In all other cases , the ladder is very easy to work with and very easy to configure . The ladder is very solidly built and wobbled very little when fully extended . As an A-frame , it is rock-solid . It also stores easily , more easily than my ordinary six-foot ladder.The work platform is a must if you plan on using the ladder as an A-frame and want a place to rest a can of paint . It is designed to handle up to 300 lbs . and looks like it could handle more.For the average homeowner , I would stick with the 203 or 303 . The 103 really is overkill for a non-professional and the extra weight I think would make it more of a hassle , especially with the wall standoff .
 Just got this ladder so I 'm still trying it out but it works great for the kinds of things I need to do around the house . Much more stable than the two step ladders I 've had . And supports my unfortunately large -LRB- 260 lbs -RRB- frame quite well.The various configurations make this ladder great . It can be used as a regular step or A frame ladder but the adjustments that allow you to move it closer to the house while in a modified A configuration really make it safe.Using it as an extension ladder is great too although it has a shakey feel to it when climbing . However , that could be my weight or the fact that I 'm not used to climbing that high on the ladders I 've had.Folds and stores very neatly into a small package and adjustments can be made simply and easily . The video tape that comes with it helps to understand the various formats and should be viewed before reading the booklet.Saw this ladder advertised on TV for more money -LRB- although it did come with a neat step stand that can be used with it - Amazon does n't offer that but should -RRB- . Worth the price .
 If you want to purchase the Little Giant ladder as seen on TV , watch out . The one advertised on TV has a 300 lb . rating and is classified as industrial grade . This one has a 250 lb . rating and is classified as a household rated one . All in all , both are excellent . This one weighs about 6 lbs . ligher than the industrial grade model . In addition , for those struggling with its weight , you could break it down to two ladders and save your back .
 As a professional home/building inspector , my ladder is very important to me . I 'm a big guy also . I ca n't rely on cheaper made knockoff units sold by discount warehouse stores . When I 'm up 17 ' on the side of a building , it 's nice to know I have the best ladder in the industry under me.This ladder is made like a tank ! It folds up into a compact unit that fits either in my wifes compact car trunk or behind the seat of my extended cab Chevy pickup.I ca n't tell you how many times people have said , `` Wow , that is one neat ladder , where can I get one ? '' Compare these Little Giant ladders to the knockoffs and you 'll see why they have the `` Wow '' factor going for them !
 BEST LADDER I HAVE EVER WORKED WITH . VERY VERSITILE AND EASY TO SHAPE FOR ANY JOB . DEFINETELY GET YOU IN AND OUT OF A TIGHT SPOT .
 Note the TYPE I rating !!! It means 250 pounds . The picture appears to be the 1A model . Do n't believe the commercial that says `` does n't bend and sway '' . Maybe the 1A -LRB- 300 pds -RRB- is much better but the flex in the Type 1 is disconcerting . I am a 225 pound guy and this thing flexes considerably at full length . In addition , the narrow part of the ladder is very narrow . However it is well built and functions as advertised . I am just concerned about trusting the little hinge when I 'm 15 feet off the ground . I 'm not sure I 'm all that happy at this price and consider that $ 80-100 more for a Type 1A may be worth it .
 I 'd previously purchased one of the Werner convertible ladders through my local home improvement megastore , but found that ladder bulky and heavy and hard to use , and took it back within the week . I 'd read about Little Giants here on Amazon , but the price was daunting.Two years later , after the acquisition of a new house with a 17 ' cathedral ceiling in the living room , I finally broke down and bought this ladder . It 's like night and day from that Werner ladder . The operation is simple as could be - slap a big button on each hinge and the ladder folds , unfolds , or moves to lock closed . Pull one big friendly hook out on each side of one end , and extend , then put the hook into the hole at the end of a new rung . I got the ladder grip things that Amazon recommends with the ladder , and they help it feel a bit more secure in extension mode , but it 's pretty darn good all on its own . The ladder is a little heavy -LRB- as a woman -RRB- at just under 40 pounds , but not oppressively so , and it 's easy to carry due to good design . The included work platform took me a while to figure out -LRB- photos here on Amazon helped -RRB- , but it 's very sturdy and easy to use.Already I 've used the ladder in all sorts of configurations , and it 's wonderful . I 'm just sorry I did n't make the room in the budget to buy this two years ago !
 This is a darned expensive ladder , but I 've found it to be worth every penny . It handles my 250 pounds without difficulty , even when fully extended in either the A-frame or straight mode . It really is super easy to change modes and height , which is great when painting cathedral ceilings . The rubber feet stay well-planted on hardwood floors without scratching . A touch of oil on the flip-out holders keeps everything working smoothly .
 First , we ordered this and it arrived the next day . I did upgrade from super saver shippping due to the negative feedback I saw regarding the time to receive the product -LRB- I upgraded to the next level for $ 10 , not Next Day Air . -RRB- We needed this ladder for home improvement work that we started this weekend , and could not afford a delay.Second , this ladder comes with a work platform , which was a nice surprise . I thought that one of the reasons that the ladder was less expensive than the model on the infomercial was due to not having the platform . This is not the case.Finally , as for the product , it is perfect . I spent 6 + hours on it yesterday , removing wallpaper and paint off of the walls over our stairway . Some have complained about the lower grade for this ladder , but I found that the ladder was quite stable . I am 180 pounds and did n't have a problem . It is extremely adaptable , and I am very happy that we downshifted to the lighter grade model , I have no regrets . This product has already paid for itself in one weekend of work and I 'm sure that this product will pay us dividends for many years to come .
 I own a window cleaning company and this is my 2nd Model 22 . There is considerable structural difference in the Type 1A/1 . The Type 1 is still a very good ladder for all household work . Understand all ladders have a characteristic flex and feel . Use them correctly . My crews felt very comfortable working with the Type1 . I shipped the saver method and had it here in 3 days . Great price and great ladder . Kudos to the ZON
 We now only need this ladder rather than our other 3 . This one ladder has been capable of doing all jobs we needed it for and being in the handyman business , its great to know that the ladder in your van WILL be the one you need.Pretty easy to lift as well ... I love it .
 Ladder is a little heavier than your normal A frame ladder , but its well worth it considering it functionality . I would highly recommend !!!!
 Ladder works great . A little on the heavy side , you would n't want to be packing it around from place to place all day but it is one ladder that can be useful for many jobs . Would give it five stars if it weighed a little less .
 I recently purchased this ladder because I was moving into a townhouse and as you can imagine space is very valuable . This ladder is perfect since it folds up to only be about 4 ft tall and fits well into my outside storage closet . The ladder opens and closes easily and feels sturdy while standing on it in all of its different configs . While painting my house I had to use it in all of its combinations except for the scaffolding since I did n't purchase the standing surface for it . The only issue that I had with it was it did n't have the wheels like the picture on amazon showed . I e-mailed the company that was selling it through Amazon and they apoligized for the error and sent me the wheel kit free of charge .
 We recently moved into a home with very high ceilings . This ladder gives us access to all those cannister light bulbs , smoke alarms , ceiling fans , and battery operated blinds . And it 's light weight allows us to easily move it from garage to wherever it 's needed , even up and down stairs . We love it .
 I ordered the Wing 10303W 11 ' to 19 ' Little Giant Ladder Sep 24th . It arrived at my house this morning Sep 27th . This is outstanding performance by Amazon . Thank you very much for a great ladder at the lowest price anywhere .
 For a ladder of this length , the Type I 22ft . Little Giant must be the best conbination of weight and size . This ladder weighs about the same as the 300 pound rated 17 ft. 1A with the increased length needed to climb onto the second story roof of a two story house with a slab foundation .
 I purchased this ladder last month -LRB- Dec -RRB- , since I am out of work and now have time to paint my interior . Yes it was a lot of money to shell out , especially being out of work , but I have cathedral ceilings in my kitchen and living room and need an extension ladder to reach . I look at it this way , the rooms needed painting and like before , would have had to call in a painter to do the job . I purchased the ladder thru Amazon . Everything worked out good , purchase , extra assessories , shipping in time , quality . Only one problem encountered , when I opened the ladder , the spring loaded palm button flew off . This is held on by a holding clip . I was a bit surprised , I called Pro Ladder and they were to send me a new clip , of which it never came . I just went to Ace Hardware and found one the right size , just annoying . Other then that , my ladder did the job , reaching those heights , and I felt safe on it . It 's a bit of a pain getting it in the various positions using the lock tabs , however , this ladder stores well .
 This review is in several places due to the different offers for the same ladder.This is a great design . I looked at other ladders , including the Werner Chinese-made copycat product , and at all the Little Giant products before determining that this was the best value.The action is very smooth and tight when adjusting . The hinge stops are designed very cleverly to make one-handed operation easy . It is very sturdy and although it is only rated for 250 lb I can attest that it could easily hold much more . It is very light given that it can reach 22 feet in length . I bought mine with the accessories and have tested them all except for the leg leveler . They seem well designed and built and serve their purposes perfectly.I see no reason to spend more on the heavier gauge ladders , although I was tempted to , making the assumption that the lightest gauge would feel cheap or wobbly . Glad I went for this one instead . Yeah , it 's more expensive , but the quality is excellent and it 's a serious tool , not a Wal-Mart cheapie .
 For a residential use , this is a ladder system that ca n't be beat for the price -- quality is A-1 ... Light weight yet sturdy . Should have bought one years ago !!!!! So impressed , that I bought one for my son in Arizona as a `` house warming gift '' .
 Just as advertised and does all that its supposed to do . Sturdy , well constructed , and American made . Stars and stripes all the way !
 Sure amazon has the lowest price ... but they do n't necessarily have thr product ! A friend of mine tried to buy this ladder on Amazon on June 1st in time for her husband 's birthday in early July . You would think a month would be plenty of time for Amazon to ship this ladder , but they obviously do n't have it in stock because they kept moving the delivery back - today they moved it back again with an estimated delivery date of mid July . Give me a break ! Amazon , if you do n't have something in stock , you should be upfront about it !
 I had been wanting to purchase this ladder for years for my husband . Now that my husband is older , and I do n't like him climbing on regular , flimsy ladders , I bought it for him for Christmas . WOW ! This ladder is fantastic ! There are so many configurations ; one for every spot in your house , and it is so sturdy - no movement whatsoever . I must admit , it was a gift for me as well ; I think I 'll use it more than my husband !
 I love this ladder . I purchased the 22 foot model . Had a cheaper Werner folding ladder before , the Little Giant is better hands down . But , the company supplying the ladder is something else . It took from June until August to get my ladder . When I got the thing they over charged me $ 277.90 . I called and got that straighten out . On my first payment -LRB- 4 easy payments -RRB- they over charged me $ 9.00 . Still have n't got credit for that . This month they over charged me $ 3.00 . My payment is $ 99.59 . The keep saying `` I do n't know why accounting is doing that '' . Watch the Wing company , but once you get your ladder and pay for it , you 'll love it.Update
 Excellent purchase !! So many uses in one compact unit AND compact storage . Used one of the special configurations the second day I had it . Great price .
 i love this thing ! It replaced my stepladder -LRB- s -RRB- and small extension ladder for around the house products and it fits in the back of my car . My wife likes it for the stability but she has a harder time than i do to set it up . Keep it clean and lube the locking mechanism with some real light lube that wo n't attract dirt . I love the shelf / step it came with , very handy .
 Bought this 17 ' Type I ladder . It arrived in 3 days . Box badly damaged and full of sawdust ?? I quickly gave it a wash off . I felt like a new dad . I 'm so proud . Ladder came with one platform and video . I played with it for about an hour and it works excellent . Despite dirt and box , product very worth the 269.99 with free shipping .
 After spending a lifetime on shakey unstable ladders , my first climb on the Little Giant made me wonder where it had been my whole life . While heavy , it offers stability unmatched and versatililty of application . It is worth every dollar .
 Best ladder around . This ladder is still working great . It works in so many situations . Our 6ft ladder finally bit the dust and it has n't been replaced . We do n't need another ladder .
 I have done so many projects and it is the most versatile ladder I have ever owned and I trust being on it in any position I have placed it in .
 This ladder is helping me save thousands by painting my recently purchased home with 18 ' ceilings . Although , I was a little intimadated by the height and falling , climbing this ladder is very sturdy . My only drawback is the weight of the ladder . I 'm a 40 + y/o female and find handling the ladder not for the weak . Fortunately , I weight train & workout 6 - 8 hours weekly and I still handle the ladder carefully as it can be very cumbersome to handle alone . Overall a good purchase but you will need some solid upper body strength to maneuver .
 I can ; t say enough about this ladder , it is the last one you will ever have to purchase , I am very happy with it , have used it hundreds of times , Great feature is its stability .
 Ladder folds well , has a cool design . It does feel a little rickety , maybe the one for more weight is better .
 Ordered the ladder from Amazon . The best price around . It works great . It is a little heavy , but I would rather that than it be cheap in quality and light . I would recommend buying it with 2 platforms . They work well to put your supplies on one of them and the other to stand on if you are going to be on the ladder for a period of time .
 The Triplett Model 9005-A digital multimeter is a rugged and easy to use tool . The meter measures current up to 10 Amps . The probes have screw-on alligator clips which is very useful . The flexible shell around the meter has clips for the probes on the back . I bought and returned two other meters before I purchased the Triplett meter .
 This meter is a versatile meter for testing of electrical components . It is not rated for branch-circuit or service application , and that does limit it 's functionality some . But for bench testing of components and devices it works great .
 I would stack this up against the best meters out there including but not limited to Fluke which I also have owned . It is a good one for sure . I like the button for on / off mode it is much better than the old switch type . It passes the drop test . : -RRB-
 Very nice multimeter . It 's on the large side but the leads are plenty long so you can do your work and see exactly whats on the display !
 Narrow part of slot is 3/16 '' wide . Base -LRB- wider part -RRB- is 25/64 '' wide.Plunge vertically and move sideways to create a slot for hanging things . Do n't forget to turn the router off and back the bit out ... if you just lift up while the router 's running , it sort of defeats the whole purpose . Not that anybody I know would do anything that stupid .
 We ordered one for our master bedroom and liked it so much we ordered one for every room in the house . They look great and are perfectly quiet even on high speed . Each fan comes with a balancing kit but only one had the barest wobble -LRB- and the balancing kit took care of that in about 2 minutes . -RRB- You can mount these flush to the ceiling -LRB- the blades are about 6-8 '' down from the ceiling that way -RRB- or with the included 8 '' downrod .
 I am very pleased with this fan . I have 8 ceiling fans in the house and shop . This is by far the best of the lot . very easy to put together and install . Once you have it installed , you will have one of the best balanced fans in the world .
 This is a good looking , very effective fan . Has lots of adjustments for amount of air flow . Have used it now for several HOT months and am most satisfied.We live on Maui and good fans are important . A winner !
 Got it here for half the price of the ceiling fan stores . Beautiful fan that is perfectly silent , sturdy and was quick to install . It came with extra pieces as a backup that are n't mentioned in the posting and we actually needed them for my install . Only took the handyman a little bit to put it in . The lighter fan blades shown here in this image are what we used , but the back side is richly dark . May get another for the bedroom this year .
 Our electrician only installs Emerson fans because of high quality and no call backs . Fast shipping , however , fans were shipped in original store boxes . Minor damage to boxes but no product damage .
 I bought the Voice Alert system about one year ago , with one extra sensor , it works great , I just bought an extra sensor and had no problem connecting it.Unit works as advertisted . Highly reccomend
 This really works and has a great eye on it . I placed this in my backyard under a covered patio facing the rest of the backyard . It went off once because the bug zapper was blowing , so dont make that mistake . It went off once when the neighbors cat was walking across the fence . It went off once when the neighbors kids jumped the fence . Thankfully i havent had any intruders but it is nice to know what is going on out back when im sleeping . Having said that it didnt go off with blowing plants on the deck , but it did go off when the wind blew the potted plant over , which was nice to know because a storm was coming in and the patio furniture needed to be covered . I wouldnt have known if the alarm didnt sound ... Personal experiece
 The Voice Alert System 6 works great until you have to change the battery . For some reason the system does not realize that the battery has been changed , os it still gives you a warning . But this is a great product .
 The Alert 6 gives me the security of knowing my home is being monitored when I am sleeping , or just in my home day or night . It will speak to me and I like that -LRB- my sons voice -RRB- and say someone is at the front door or someone is by the woodshed or someone is on the back porch or someone is by the cars . There are many choices with all six censors to use . It has gone off at night , we have a racoon that will go by the wood shed . The alarm goes off acouple times and alerts me that something is moving in the yard and I like that . But we have had other times when it has gone off also and we have been alerted and watching . The Alert 6 is in the center of our living space so we all hear it when it goes off , it is set louder so if you were thinking of trying the door the Alert keeps saying over and over someone is at the front door , it can be heard outside our home . But by that time we would be alerted and ready . We are very happy with this product .
 So far it seems to work fine and it does what it is advertized to do . No bad for a low cost / low tech . security gadget .
 While considering this vs. other models for purchase -LRB- my 5-star rating is arbitrary to be able to submit this review -RRB- , I found the manufacturer 's info at this page to be VERY helpful -LRB- e.g. , it does have a volume control -RRB- :[ ... -RSB-
 The product does everything is was advertised to do . It is easy to install and record voice messages . It is also easy to to place and adjust the settings to the way I want them to work .
 ... electrical alarm systems I 've ever dealt with . Unique properties . Very good quality components , easily set up.Gives a warning when anyone evengets close to my house or in the driveway . Occasionally during the day , ` falses ' are an inconvenience . My house sitsin the center of an acre so daytime security is n't really an issue . I turn it off during the day . Squirrels , straycats and strong wind during daytime temperatures above 92 degrees -LRB- I 'm in S. Florida -RRB- WILL sound an occasionalfalse . Very seldom does the system ever false after daytime hours . Actually only once in 10-15 days or so . Veryacceptable.I have six monitors in use . One is in my dog run area so that is also a reason to silence it during the day . . It gives me a great sense of security at night . Kick my front door in ? I 'll be waiting locked and loaded as you enter.Break into one of my out buildings ? Beware of flying cylindrical objects ! . Seriously , the next best thing to having 2 or 3 people with night vision equipment protecting you . I 'm hoping it continues towork as well as it has for the last 3 months . Go for it ! . P.S.
 Works much better than I thought from inside home . Sensor works inside my metal garage 50ft away . Sensor works outside about 150ft away .
 Got this for my garage after it was broken in to . Now we get notification if anything comes near . Works great and very easy to use . Just mount the sensor , power it up and you 're on your way .
 Soldered circuit boards ? In 2011 ? Per instructions I mounted it high on a garage at 7.5 feet . We have wind right now and no false alerts.So , although I was taken aback by the 20 + year old technology , if it works , it works.So far , it does.The base unit does look like something you found in your mom 's basement , though.Expensive , but the cheap ones never worked . I like the voice record , less jarring than an electronic alert .
 Exceptionaly well constructed . Works very well after the usual getting used to the setup procedure , otherwise it was a quick setup . Would be nice if :1 . You could silence an individual sensor if you were going to be in a certain area where a sensor was located .2 . A time stamp to let you know when an event took place while you were away.Other than those two suggestions ... HIGHLY RECOMENNED !!
 We purchased this system last year when there were a lot of break ins in the area . Placed a sensor in the driveway and bought additional sensors on ebay to put in our sheds and in the yard . This coupled with the security system we bought has really put our minds at ease . There are very few false alarms.I have noticed that sometimes on very cold days is does n't do a very good job at detecting white vehicles . Maybe something to do with the heat reflection on the white vehicle ? . You are supposed to point these sensors towards where a cars radiator is , as they detect by sensing heat , not just motion . This is why there are very few false alarms . It is also great that you can have different sayings so that you know what sensor in going off . We programmed ours to say `` someone is in the driveway , or someone is in the shed , etc -RRB- Great system . Would buy again . Would give it 5 stars if it had a time/date stamp on when the motion was detected and would get the light colored vehicles in the very cold .
 This base unit and sensor are well built and are not flimsy cheap platic . The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is I find the senors , I bought an extra sensor , to be some what hard to get ajusted to the area I want to scan . The range is actually more than advertised , which could be a plus in some cases . At first the sensor was setting off an alert from about 100 feet away at my neighbors house . After a little experimentation and the use of a filter on the sensor I was able to remedy this problem as I was wanting to monitor my driveway area only . Also the sensors do come with filters to help reduce the sensor to a more defined area . The other sensor is around an outside shed and I still need to tweak this one as I get a few false alerts everyday . I think this may be from the placement of the sensor to where I think direct sunlight hits it and sets it off . This unit is capable of handling up to 6 sensors with a recordable alert for each sensor . This unit is high quality and I 'm sure I will be able to make this system work to meet my needs .
 This system really works ! I 've tried several others and none of them had the range of this one . I have sensors that are about 40 feet away from the base station and through several internal walls , a floor , and one external brick wall and this system works reliably everytime . Currently I am using 2 sensors and planning to add a third sensor with all of them tied to a second base unit at a different location in the house . The first two sensors are external and have held up under a year of rain and snow . With high use , the front door sensor 's 9V battery lasted about 2.5 months . The side door sensor still is going strong but I 've replaced the batteries in both now so I will never know how long this sensor 's battery could have lasted.The sensor comes with two additional filter screens that alter the detection pattern to either horizontal or vertical . The horizontal pattern on the doors stopped the false alarms from cats and squirrels . I plan to set up the third sensor with a vertical detection filter to alert my mom 's caregivers of when she is getting out of bed in the middle of the night . The plan is to mount the sensor with the vertical detection pattern about 1 foot off the floor aiming along the side of her bed . The second base unit would be in the caregiver 's bedroom to audibly alert them as she is prone to falling . This is technology that really works solving some very critical problems .
 I had reviewed many proximity alarm systems on the internet , and was not really thrilled by any of them or their design features . When I came across this one -LRB- on YouTube -RRB- I was impressed by the operational design . It impressed me because this seemed like it was designed by an American engineer . It is simple , functional and very user friendly . The printed circuit even looks like it was designed in the USA . -LRB- The product is built in China however . -RRB- I would recommend this system over the others . Just do n't expect a long range between the sensor and the receiver , because the FCC limits the transmitter power for the sensor transmitter to the milliwatts range . For details on how I use it in conjunction with IR security cameras and siren alarms see my 2 Comments to the Review by Harry Drew on July 10 , 2011 .
 I have owned this unit for several months now . Easy to install . Batteris need to be replaced every few months . It does pick up horses , dogs , cats , humans and cars ! Yes , it will miss a car once in a while with low batteries but will be accurate 98 % of the time .
 I have had dogs for over 20 years , and after having to have my last one euthanized , I wanted to have some type of alert to warn me of visitors or intruders as my drive-way is pretty long and obscured from the street . After tweeking the wireless sensor transmitter -LRB- ie . false alarms , deer , birds , etc. -RRB- I have found that this wireless annunciator is very useful and practical . The instructions are very clear and easy set-up .
 I purchased 2 of these so that I could monitor two different outside locations and have it make the announcements in 2 different locations within my home . They work will together . In the 3 weeks that I have had the units it has not false alarmed . I have one transmitter installed on a telephone poll about 60 feet outside of my home . It is pointed so that I can detect people/vehicles that enter my driveway . No problem at all with transmitter communicating with the receiver .
 Placed 4 sensors arouind the exterior of the house , and now we know if anyone comes near our home ... one is in the storage building . We do turn it off if we are working in the yard or having family over . I mainly wanted it to alarm us when we are sleeping so we will be prepared for an intruder . I love it will tell you which location set it off . It went off one late night , but ended up being a cat . I placed the sensors pointing towards doors and windows instead of pointing towards the road , so I would get less false calls.The back door and window sensor is the only one that picks up animals , very easy to adjust . My wife loves it when I travel for business .
 The motion detector is located at least 150 feet from my base unit and is not in a direct line of site yet it picks up every time.I have had this product for over a year . Make sure to read the directions when you change the batteries because you have to re-sink it every timer . I built a cover for my detector and then screwed that to the tree . The range on the motion detector is at least 30 feet out by 20 feet wide . I placed it 6.5 feet up the tree . The receiver is programable with your voice . I have a receiver at the driveway and recorded my voice message saying someone is comming down the driveway . I also placed one at our gate and programed that one to say someone is entering the gate . You can record about 6 seconds which is plenty . Love that feature.I used the product in my garden for about 2 months because I had a deer problem . I ran a wire and placed the receiver in a bucket to keep it dry and it amplified the sound , then I placed a monitor on either side of the garden -LRB- 90ft by 70 ft garden -RRB- I changed the recordings to Get out of here deer ... get out of my garden . LOL I did not lose any more of my beans for the rest of the growing season . I always knew when a deer or anything was in the garden . Worked like a charm and I am probably going to buy a seperate unit for just this purpose.Con
 I bought one of those cheap $ 20 units from Harbor Freight to detect motion at my driveway . It 's EXACTLY 84 feet from my driveway pillar to where the receiver was , and I had to put the receiver in the window and it would barely make it . So I started the search for a better unit . Although the Chamberlain unit looked really nice , I actually discovered this system at work - we actually owned one and had it on the front door , and I never knew it . So I bought another immediately , and installed it at home . This is an American made , high quality piece . Do n't let the `` standard '' consumer looks fool you - this thing is almost `` Mil Spec '' . If I were the maker of it , I would re-design the case to fit the quality and maybe add an LCD screen . No worries , this unit has looked the same for many years . Why change it ? My honest opinion overall of the Voice Alert 6 is that you should n't even waste the cash on the other stuff . Before you even open the box , you can tell it `` means business '' . Even the box is high quality , full color printing , and HEAVY . Unpacking the unit , the first thing that you notice is the instructions are incredible . They are printed on such heavy paper , that it almost feels like posterboard . Very high contrast green lettering with pictures and diagrams . And plenty big to read , even for the elderly folks . Most important though , they are ACCURATE . I ca n't stand half the stuff on here when you open the box the manual is so small and out of date it 's worthless . Not here . Moving on , the receiver unit and especially the A/C adaptor is heavy . And it 's all pre-programmed right out of the box . In fact , the most challenging thing you may do with this system is snap the battery cover off the transmitter back . The reason is , that it is sealed tight with a high quality rubber O ring , and they were smart enough to silicon the gaps around the `` window '' . Again , top notch engineering . You can just tell that the transmitter is well thought out - the PC board is flawless and the dip switches are the good quality ones . All that 's required is to take the cover off , clip the included 9v battery on , and start using it ! Please buy a lithium 9v because they do n't freeze - it 's worth the $ 6 you will pay . Plus , it will probably last for months . Importantly , the transmitter has a very high quality mount as well , that is fully adjustable angle-wise - not some tiny plastic hole that you ca n't even get a screw through . Very well designed . As far as range , I do n't know how far this unit will go but it has no problem going the 250 feet to my shop driveway as well , through 2 walls . I do n't write many reviews , but it 's important to reward good engineering and American products when deserved . Trust me on this one , this system is WELL worth the cash . It is a very high quality product all the way around and functions absolutely flawlessly . I would disagree completely with most of the negative reviews on here ... I just ca n't fault this company or this design ... it 's THAT good . Some people just ca n't be pleased - and if this one does n't do it for you then oh well . And I forgot to mention that it even comes with some little masks that control the pattern of the IR receiver - trust me , they have really done their homework . Enjoy !
 I have heard time and time again that driveway alarms are very helpful for numerous situations , whether it be notifying you when UPS is delivering a package , or letting you know when carpool is dropping your child off , or even notifying you when an intruder is approaching your house in the middle of the night . I purchased a different driveway alarm last year , and was very unhappy with it - it always gave false alarms , and within a few weeks it started to malfunction , constantly beeping for no reason whatsoever.After missing an important delivery because my wireless doorbell system was n't working , I decide to go ahead and research options for a new driveway alarm . This one seemed to have great overall reviews , although commenters noted that this is ` old fashioned technology ' . I received my voice alert system 6 three weeks ago , and wanted to give it a bit of time before writing a review.I have been very happy with this product . I like that you can record either a message or a tone for the alarm noise -LRB- I recorded an iphone ring tone - just found one in the app store , played a sample , and recorded it into the voice alert system -RRB- . I bought a tall and small wood birdhouse from Ace hardware and attached it to a tree near the driveway , then installed the voice alert sensor in that - it protects the sensor from the elements , and also protects it from direct sunlight . I used the vertical masking piece initially , but kept getting middle of the night alerts and realized there are quite a few cats and racoons that like to walk on my driveway in the night ! The sensor was working exactly as it should , so I adjusted the angle and put a small piece of masking tape across the bottom -LRB- although next time I change the battery , I might use the horizontal masking piece inside the sensor -RRB- . At this point I only use one sensor , although I like that I can purchase more sensors and use them with the unit.In summary , I am very happy with this unit . It works very well , has great functionality , and is performing exactly as described . It was very easy to install . The trickiest part was opening up the unit to install the battery - it is not apparent from the diagram . I used a slim screwdriver to compress the tab in the slot , and it opens easily after you understand how the opening mechanism is designed . I recommend reading the instructions and spending time to test the direction of the sensor . I initially placed it high like the packaging materials recommended , but this did not work for the particular area I wanted the sensor to detect based on the distance of the tree I installed it on . I used the recommendation of other commenters and called my cell phone from the home phone , placed my home phone near the interior unit , and walked outside to test whether the sensor was working - I could hear on the cell phone whether the driveway alarm was getting tripped . I continued to tweak the direction over the past few days when I had the racoons and cats tripping the driveway alarm in the middle of the night -LRB- as noted above -RRB- , and now I am very pleased with how everything is set up and love the fact that I know when someone is coming up the driveway - whether it be a car or a person walking up the driveway .
 The Voice Alert 6 is an awesome product . The sensors work great and very easy to set up and create my message alerts . I also have a home defense monitoring system that works AFTER someone enters the home . With Voice Alert 6 I now have a perimeter set up around my house . I know when someone is hanging around my front/back door , on my deck , or sneaking around my windows . This might be the best product purchase I 've made through Amazon . Cross Point Industries -LRB- sensor provider -RRB- was also very responsive when I ordered extra sensors .
 I took the plunge elsewhere and bought the voicealert with 6 monitors.I am so glad I did . There were several reviews here that helped me make the decision to buy this system . Lots of tips and helpful hints were posted in the reviews here , and I used some of those . The idea of being alerted BEFORE they get into your home was the decision maker.This is an audible system of 6 ` zones ' . But you can have multiple sensors in one zone ! You can audibly monitor the same zone with enless sensors from different angles , distances and heights . So , you can add more than 6 sensors . You can have 10 or 20 in those 6 zones ... I also have surveillance camera 's , so if the voicealert goes off , I look at the camera screen to see what 's happening . I do have several sensors in some zones and only 1 sensor in other zones . Some of the sensors needed the reduction panels , some did not . If you have leaves blowing on a tree or bush in the distance , flags , whirley birds or something moving - even out in the distance , the sensors will pick it up . Lots of birds ? It will pick those up . Heavy rain , hail , it will pick that up . But you can minimize the distance using the reduction panels so it does n't pick up so much . If the panels it comes with is n't enough , try using a tape or marker to block part of the viewing field . It is really easy and simple to do the tweaking . Do that before you permanently place them.I used a tip from another review . I use the house phone to call my cell phone , then lay the house phone down near the base , take the cell phone with me , go outside to test the sensor to the area I 'm thinking of placing . Temporarily attach it , go out of view of the sensor , then come back in view and listen over the phone when the sensor alerts.The instructions are very good with the base and with the sensors , if you do not overlook what it says!It has battery saving mode on the sensors , which I use . I 've had it a few months and the batteries are fine.If the sensors are facing direct sunlight you might get a false audible alert . I do everyday on one sensor . Just one single alert , approx . the same time every day . But I need the sensor there . . so I do the quick look to see if something is happening , usually there is n't anything.I also used electrical tape over the seam even though it does have rubber gaskets . Just thought it would help , may not even be needed.Even with the cost of adding extra sensors , this product is worth the cost . How much does peace of mind cost ? Oh and you are getting an audible alert system that lets you know before they get to your door , window etc!One improvement idea for the company , add a battery backup to the base unit . I guess if I lose electricity for an extended time , I would hook it up to an inverter or generator . Because I would n't want to be without the use of this system .
 I purchased the system with 3 additional sensors . 1 sensor must have been previously returned because when I opened it the battery was already connected and the senor switch was turned off , unlike the other 3 which had the batteries still in wrappers and the sensor switch on . The recorded message idea works well , you have 6 seconds for each sensor to record whatever you want as an alarm message . You could record a bell or siren if you had one . I installed 2 sensors outside and 2 inside . I was concerned that our cat , or a skunk , or other critter might set off the alarm during the night on the front porch , but after 3 nights , no false alarms . The switch to turn off the led that indicates an alarm situation works well also . The system is pretty easy to set up and seems very effective for what I wanted , which is basically watching the doors to the house at night . Very satisfied .
 This little device , is inexpensive and very easy to set up . The only issue I have is that it can be triggered off easy . Our neighbor 's cat likes to trigger it off in the driveway , so do n't be alarmed if it goes off once . I have learned to wait until it goes off more than once , maybe even a few times , and then you know someone is out there . Little things can trigger it off like small animals and very windy days .
 We have used the Voice Alert for about two weeks now . This system has worked beyond my expectations . The range and coverage are as good or better than advertised . It is a dependable and high quality system , that was easy to set up and install.A couple of instances we thought it was giving a false alert . Every time there was someone there . Once it was a couple of deer .
 The sensor is a bit tricky to place . Wind and plants make a lot of false alarms if the leaves are in target area.Anamals will set it off . Sometimes a car can drive by and not triger it , but a dog in the same place will set it off.You will need to experiment with placement and focus to get what you want . But it does a great job !!! I have a submarine alarm sound off and I take the unit from building to building where ever I am working . Range is very good .
 We had our house broken into in the middle of the night , while we were home . That very scary experience led to me scour the earth for the best home security measures I could find . Although we had a home alarm , home alarms only go off after someone is already in your house , which helps by limiting the time the robbers have in your house before the police arrive -LRB- or the gun comes out -RRB- but it is obviously is too late to stave off an unwanted entry . So , I became interested in perimeter defense - some sort of system that alerts you when someone enters your property , before they get to your doors or windows . Once they 're in you have very limited time to react and do n't know how many there are , where they 're at , whether they 're armed , etc. . I ran into two issues with this strategy
 Easy to set up and use ! You 'll want at least one more sensor to monitor other areas -LRB- the system expands to include 6 -RRB- . The range is excellent , and the sensors can be installed on multiple floors or even outdoors -LRB- under an eave or overhang -RRB- . Place them high and out of reach . . Battery life is good when put in battery saving mode . Cons
 Finally , a company that has shown attention to detail and considers quality to be more important than the dollar . The engineering on this voice alert system is excellent considering it was built by American engineers . The obvious features are great - six recorded voice alerts , alert reset , etc. . The - not so obvious - features , like the ability to trigger other devices , the ability to monitor an infinite number of sensors , ability to delay between triggers , and the audio out port , show that Cross Point Industries is serious about what they build . The unit has exceeded our expectations on a daily basis while monitoring our business . And the price of the unit is definitely reasonable . The quality is high and the unit works excellent on a consistent basis . As you can tell , we are very happy with this unit .
 I have this unit mounted above my garage to monitor my driveway . I have two cars parked in my driveway and anytime someone comes up it , the alarm sounds . I even know when people are coming to my front door -LRB- they have to come up the driveway to get to the walkway -RRB- . I 'm at the door before the pizza guy or ups can get to my front door . The only false I get is some cat that likes to wonder around at night !!!! Otherwise I love this item . I have had this unit for over 4 years and had to replace the sensor once because the sun finally rotted it out .
 I 've used the Voice Alert System for about a month now . It works good but does false trigger some . I 've tried moving the sensor and adjusting the sensivitity and it has helped . I may just need to tweak it a little more . It has never failed to trigger when someone has entered the area , which is the important part . I do n't know that I would hook it to a siren but I 'm very happy with the system . Instructions that come with the unit are very good but where a little unclear about how to hook up the external devices to be trigged . I plan to add a light to be activialed in the warehouse for night . I did buy an extra sensor for the driveway and some of the false alerts there are casued by birds flying in front of the sensor . It 's a good 120 ' away and the base unit is inside a brick building in an interior room -LRB- 2 walls -RRB- . It picks up all traffic in the drive . Good system for the money .
 Less than one week after I installed my system -LRB- I installed 4 sensors in total -RRB- I caught a guy trying to break into the vehicles in my neighborhood . I pulled out my car remote and honked my horn a couple of times from the safety of my house and scared the @ out of him . He moved on . Found out the next day he was not just looking to break into vehicles , but was looking to get a hold of garage remotes . He and his accomplices cleaned out someone else 's garage at the other end of the block . To me it paid for itself at that point.Toughest place is to have on busy traffic areas . You have to spend the time and really set it up right to minimize being alerted all night long . This includes setting the sensors correctly . Looking for the motion trigger light is tough on a bright day so the trick I used was to get a long extension cord and plug the base right where I could hear the alert so I can dial it in and verify the system is working after the sensors were mounted . You can also use a cell phone and your house phone . Lay either one on the speaker and listen while you adjust the sensor . I tested the complete 360 around my house this way to check the overlap . Works great . All my neighbors are buying this now . This presents a challenge of coordinating the addressing of the sensors so my neighbors sensors do not trigger my alert system .
 What I love about this system is that it can make custom announcements about what zone has motion , and can make those announcements in in multiple places -LRB- i.e. wherever you plug in a base station -RRB- . The base station volume is adjustable , and at its loudest setting it can be heard even inside a nearby shower.The time-delay feature on the sensors is crucial for areas -LRB- front door , patio -RRB- that get more traffic than needs announcing every few seconds . I wish that zones could be suppressed -LRB- either at the sensor or at the base station -RRB- based on time of day , as I 'd like to have announcements for interior motion at night . For this purpose I 'll probably buy another base station and sensor set , and just put the base on timer-controlled power -LRB- which it works fine with -RRB- . I also wish that the system had more than six zones , so I could make the announcements even more specific -LRB- which is useful for tuning against false positives -RRB- . For outdoor sensors , I 've had to tune against false positives caused by 1 -RRB- small animals and 2 -RRB- wind-blown foliage . So I make sure the sensors are at least a couple feet off the ground , I narrow their line of sight using the included plastic inserts , and I aim them so they do n't have any wind-sensitive foliage in their view.We love the feeling of near-omniscience that this system imparts . Whether we 're in the basement , in the hot tub out back , in the shower , or anywhere else in the house , we know it as soon as anyone enters/leaves our driveway , or approaches any of the entry areas to our house . Even though I know where all the sensors are , I 'm unable to approach our house unannounced.Aug 2012 update
 I 've tried a number of DIY alarms over the years and this unit is superb . It is well designed , easy to install and use , and works as advertised with no caveats . The sensors also work flawlessly even out of doors in the heat of southern Texas , which is something I can not say for X10 or other devices which have proven too unreliable , especially at at 95 + degree temperatures . With a alternate power source a warning alarm or siren can be set to sound for 1 second or longer intervals . Sounds , default or user recorded , can be output to an amplifier , too . The few questions about the product that I had were answered knowledgeably , reliably and courteously with no wait time . There are things which could be improved upon , ie , only a single event is `` recorded '' on each channel , there is no time-stamping , and when the contact relay is used the recording does n't play . But that is for the future . I recommend the unit very highly .
 I bought two stations and two sensors for the outside of our house . I can now hear when anyone comes to the house in both my bedroom and other end of the house . The sensors work great and do not give any false alarms when set up properly . Set up of the units is very simple . Being able to add up to six sensors per station works excellent and being able to have each sensor send signals to both base units is great . The range of the wireless is very good also . I highly recommend the voice alert for anyone trying to protect there outside perimeter .
 Having installed and maintained security devices when I was working -LRB- now retired -RRB- this system works well and as advertised . Admittedly it has only been installed a few days here but a good test is coming up where the outside weather is due to snow and the temperature dropping down into the single digits -LRB- out of range of it 's specs -RRB- . I 'll retest it then ... . briefly!A shortcoming in my mind is that it does not have a date and time stamp for the alarms . For example , if you are not at home and a sensor -LRB- s -RRB- is activated there is a flashing PWR/MSG LED indicating a detection . Pressing the PLAYBACK button lets you know which zone -LRB- s -RRB- went off but not how many events and at what time.I 've looked into sound/voice activated digital recorders that will record when the Voice Alert annunciates and include a time/date stamp but have n't found any that will record each event separately instead of just pausing in between and making one `` long '' recording .
 Love these systems . This is the second one we have purchased . Wanted additional coverage . They all work flawlessly . Beware of extreme sensitivity , we have a tough area to cover and needs tweaking until you get it in the right area or it will annoy you to no end . Superior product , highly recommend .
 Very pleased with unit , easy to set up and sensor works great . Actually much better than I thought it would . Will be adding more sensors on to this unit for more protection . Great product for price !
 Compared to other alarm systems , this one is pretty cheap and it works . The setup is much easier to adjust to your preference/need with 2 people or at least 2 phones -LRB- to test if the sensors are positioned the way you want/to test the radius of it -RRB- . I think another reviewer mentioned having to adjust or purchase some sort of `` less than 3 feet '' guard so that the sensors would n't pick up cats , but I 'm not sure how that would work with cats jumping into the bed of a truck or on top of a car . The mic on the alert monitor picks up sound well , volume control does its job . . I only have one sensor right now , but plan on purchasing another . Cars were broken into on my street -LRB- 2 in my driveway were hit -RRB- and even though I would love a video feed to catch whoever is not supposed to be around the house , the moment this alert system arrived and was setup , I immediately felt safer . I still wake up every now and then from the sensors picking up these 2 stray cats in the neighborhood , but it 's not often -LRB- 1/2wks -RRB- so not a big deal for the feeling of security .
 After purchasing and receiving two base units and two senders , I agree with the writer that says `` this company that has shown attention to detail and considers quality to be more important than the dollar . '' The product is extremely well thought out and is a breeze to install and configure . I would stay away from cheap imitations that may look similar , but do not perform as advertised . Do yourself a favor
 After our vehicles were broken into I quickly realized a house alarm wo n't stop a theif outside . I purchased this unit , received it quickly , installed it in less than 15 minutes and it worked the first night . At the very moment we heard there was something in the driveway , we ran out to check and the cops had already been called to the area by someone else . As soon as they seen our lights go on , they looked for someone running through the neighborhood . Wow , all this on the very first night . It also alerts us when guests pull up . My advise it to get it if you are thinking about it . It took longer for us to figure out where to put it than it did to actually put it up . If you need outside perimiter security , do n't hesitate .
 Works great . The wife loves knowing when there is someone in the North driveway , the South driveway or around the storage shed .
 The only thing I dislike about the product is the construction of the unit . Overall it works just like it is supposed to but it will not take much to damage it .
 Now I can sleep peacefully ... This product is excellent , very cheap and easy to be installed .
 Excellent value for abrading and stripping nonskid fiberglass deck surfaces to prep for painting . Bristles held together for years of abuse and left no rust stains . However , there was a dark gray residue that we cleaned off with solvents or soap and water to ensure good paint adhseion .
 After a fair amount of hunting for a unit of sufficiently high amperage rating at a reasonable price , I bought this for my 11,500 BTU window-unit air conditioner . I wanted something that would turn on the A/C before I got home so I did n't have to waste electricity cooling the house all day.This unit is designed to plug into a 20-amp outlet , and thus one of the plug blades is rotated 90 degrees . Make sure you have a 20-amp outlet before you buy this , otherwise you wo n't be able to plug it in.The unit will accommodate 2 on/off cycles per day , so I have mine set to start the A/C in the morning , then turn it off , and then restart it in the afternoon . If you need more cycles , I 'd imagine you could get more of the little plastic pins from Intermatic , though I have n't tried this.The unit can also be manually overridden if you want to turn it on in between cycles . It will then resume the normal cycle when it hits the next programmed time.This unit is completely mechanical , and setting it is a straightforward matter of setting the correct time by twisting the dial , and then inserting the small plastic pins to correspond to when you want it on or off.DO NOT try to use a cheap lamp timer for a heavy appliance ; you run the risk of creating a fire.I 'm very happy with this unit . It 's been doing its job now for three summers in a row . I 'd highly recommend it .
 Good reliable unit . I use it to turn on my espresso machine in the morning -LRB- draws 16amps .
 I have a 2006 ford f350 super duty with the 6.0 ltr which is known for starting hard in the winter . the thought of leaving the 1000 watt heater plugged in all the time made me nuts , this timer works great and very easy to set up . with the higher wattage my heater drawls it works great . two thumbs up for the price !
 Great product ! Great company ! I ' v had mine for several years and use it for a small air conditioner in the summer . Still works great , due to simple design!I would Purchase this product again if i needed another 20amp timer , or any other amp as well.Oh yes ! and I highly recommend Amazon.com they really stand by their customers if something ever goes wrong , but most times they will Exceed your expectations .
 Great timer for dedicated appliance circuit . It has a high wattage rating for the large A/C 's but does use the plug that has one prong sideways . The only thing i wish it had was more setting tabs so i could have more cycles , it comes with 2 sets of tabs .
 As described , it works , should work for a while . Can be manually switched to the opposite cycle -LRB- on / off -RRB- but only until timer trips it again . Very bare-bones but if you want 20 amp or the T-slot this is it .
 This item is wonderful . I work in a school and at times we can overload the electricial system . This allows everything to go off in my room with the power breaker , however , it does n't blow a fuse where everything on that line goes out . What a wonderful choice I made when I purchased this item .
 For what it is -LRB- an inexpensive tp holder -RRB- , it performs great . Have had other brands , and it is built as good as any .
 I collect pocket knives . The Winchester brand has been the best collection I have for the money . They are also one of the better looking knives on the market .
 This is an amazing deal although finishing is not great . I can recommended it for anyone who needs a set of wrenches that they do not use daily.I have a sailboat that was manufactured in the US with an European engine . So I need both Metric and SAE wrench sets on my boat . This is the best deal out there for this many wrenches.The set even comes with a roll-up bag.Good deal if you do n't mind the finishing on the wrenches , it is rough . : - -RRB-
 A nice set of box and open end wrenches - excellent price good quality.Allows for a proper size wrench to use on any project encountered around the home .
 Item arrived in good condition , but since I did n't realize the range was larger than what I needed -LRB- my mistake -RRB- , I actually had to return this item . I felt bad , but the vendor was very easy to work with and the return was handled promptly . Would def order from Tool Price in the future !
 Great product . My husband loved the wrenches . The handy pocket storage makes it easy for him to hang it in his shop so the wrenches will be within easy reach and easy for him to put back into when he is done with the job he is working on . Thank you .
 I bought this product without reading reviews so I had no preconceptions . But within the first five minutes of using it , I was so frustrated with problems that I was ready to trash it like so many others . However , I read as many reviews as I could on a lot of web sites , did some trial and error on my own , and now completely like the product . I think my tips below address every problem I 've seen except for those who say it falls apart . I can only say that mine has been durable after going through six refills so far . Based on feel and examination , my expectation is that it will last about as long as an inexpensive garden hose sprayer ... a couple of years anyway.Before first use
 The reviews appeared justified however , after several user error factors on my part this product gets 4 stars because they need to provide clear instructions.First mistake . . Honestly ... Put it somewhere on the label to remove the plastic film on the container holding the fertilizer . I popped it on my hose and started going , nothing coming out . Ok my fault im an idiot should have checked.Second . Fill the container and let the water fill up completely . Once you do it works . HOLD IT LEVEL . If you start tilting or shaking the sprayer you get inconsistent amounts of fertilizer and it also starts emptying the water from the container needing it to wait to fill back up . Give it a try .
 I do n't think the people writing some of the negative reviews understand this product . They 've greatly increased onvenience over the previous version by adding the various controls , and the handle . It 's VERY hard -LRB- in this , or the previous -RRB- to actually see the water coming out as blue , but you can eventually see the water in the jar turning pale . Yes , it takes a while to fill , that 's the way any of these types of sprayers work . I have no problem with leakage -LRB- I will watch for that , based on the bad reviews -RRB- , mine had the washer where it belonged -LRB- if it did n't , I would have added one -RRB- . The instructions for the old one said to use it for 12 minutes , and then done , even if the water was blue . These instructions imply that the mixing will take place as you spray , meaning that shaking it to dissolve the crystals is counterproductive ; some clarification might help here .
 My old Miracle-Gro feeder was , well , difficult to use . It always dripped , it often squirted out its various inlet holes -- it stunk . When I saw the picture of the newer one , I thought I 'd give it a chance to redeem its ancestors . What a difference ! Three selectable spray patterns instead of only one , a comfortable grip with a built-in on-off squeeze valve that you can lock on or use intermittently , and the ability to shut off the fertilizer feed and simply shoot out water . And of course it came filled with the whole reason I bought it in the first place -- Miracle-Gro fertilizer !
 My wife likes this feeder compared to couple other ones I had purchased because its easier to hold and seems very functional . .
 I am back to purchase another one ! I could n't find this model in the store so I am going to purchase it on Amazon . I have owned mine for about 20 years , yep it lasted that long ... after this long the shut off switch does n't shut off all the way anymore , but thats ok , I didnt expect it to last forever ! I am very confused with all the bad ratings , I absolutely LOVE mine , I love it so much I am replacing it with another one !
 I bought this because I had the old one . Then I read all the reviews . I probably still would have bought it , based on my success and love of the last one , that finally broke after 10 years . I do not have luck with granular fertilizer as we do not often have rain , and you cant water enough to water it all in.I liked the old style better , but this is ok . The trigger handle does make it more tiring - I have a lot of flowers , so I may do this for 15-30 minutes each time . I did have the leaky blue water problem , what fixed it for me was NOT tightening the lid so much , but backing it off just a smidge . Otherwise , by filling the reservoir with fertilizer , and then water , THEN hooking it up , it is ready to go . I never saw blue water coming out of my old one either , unless I tipped it way down , and that was clearly an overfeed . I figure if it is blue in the reservoir when i start , and it 's not blue when I finish , I fertilized the flowers . I find the different setting to be helpful , as I water the leaves and blooms with the shower or flat setting , and some larger plants I shoot at the roots with the jet . I would buy another .
 I bought this sprayer without reading the reviews on Amazon . After reading the reviews , I was tempted to return it without trying it . I tried it anyway and was pleasantly surprised ! I did n't experience any of the problems described by the other reviewers . I own the previous model and appreciate the improvements in this one . With the different spray patterns I can reach into my flower patch without trodding through the dirt and can reach the tops of my evergreen trees without improvising a different nozzle . I also like the trigger . I use this like I used the old model . I fill the contain with fertilizer , top it off with water -LRB- you do n't want to screw it on dry or it 'll take forever to fill up and start working -RRB- , and add more fertilizer when the liquid starts to turn a light color . Miracle-Gro fertilizers seem to work well and , with this new sprayer , are easier than ever to apply .
 I love this product . I use their potting soil , the garden feeder , also the Miracle-Gro powder and next year I am going to use Miracle-Gro for tomatoes . Everything to blooming and the flowers are twice the size they should be and the tomatoes , the plants are taller than me -LRB- which is n't saying much -RRB- . But the bottom line is if you want healthy plants and vegt . use Miracle-Gro products .
 Of course , I was apprehensive after reading these negative reviews , but I have enjoyed the Miracle-Gro products for years and could not imagine that it would not work right . Then again , I can be quite persistent and if I did not like it , I would return it.Hooked it up to the hose and at first I was not too impressed . There did not seem to be any blue liquid coming out . Then I took another reviewers suggestion and filled the container with water before I started spraying it on the garden . That was the key . Start with a full sprayer and you will get the results you are looking for.Consistent light blue water came out of the sprayer . For my own peace of mind , I did shake the feeder from time to time to make sure that all the fertilizer crystals were making contact with the water . Do not know if this was in the original directions , but it is a good thing to keep in mind.Overall , I enjoyed the ease of use and the overall reliability of this product .
 I really like this sprayer . Easy , quick , and efficient way to feed my plants . I 've had NO problem with mine
 I 've had this product for three years now . I got it to water the lawn and put lawn feed in it which it works great with . Takes me about 15 minutes to use up the entire container full of fertilizer . It is pretty simple product , make sure all your connections are good and smug and it does n't leak on you , not hard to attach hose to -- I 'm very happy with mine and so is my yard .
 This is the second lamp Ott-Lite type we have purchased . The first one lasted several years . We found that when it came time to change the bulb , it is an arduous process and the bulb is expensive . So , we purchased a brand new Ott-Lite and it is fine .
 I am very happy with this item that I bought !! That was what I just needed.Absolutely brand new product -LRB- never used -RRB- with very good quality.The item I bought was delivered to me very fast in inexpensive way.I recommend this seller to everyone -100 % POSITIVE ! Look forward to buy something else from this seller ! Thank you .
 You have to shut the top half down to turn it off but that is the only down side , really bright and compact . Swivels and stays where you need it .
 This is our fourth OttLite over 20 years . Love this little light , no headaches , and it makes me feel good .
 The lamp was suggested to me by the Colorado Vision specialist here as I am having more and more trouble reading which I do at least five hours a day . The light makes it much easier to see . The only problem is that I have to sit very close to it . I like that you have to just lift the bulb holder to turn it on . You can carry it around easily although I have n't done that yet . The swivel base is handy so that it can be adjusted to whatever I am reading .
 Purchased this lamp as a replacement for one that died after 8 + years of daily use . Even though the old one died -LRB- had to do with the lighting up when opening mechanism breaking -RRB- few lights compare for bright light on a compact footprint . And with the new swivel base in this model , it is even better !
 We bought this light for my wife to use to put on her make-up . The light is great for that use and also many others . It actually does `` get used every day '' and seems to be fine after years of use . I did finally have to replace the bulb after about 5 years so I guess it is due for another one in a couple of more years . I found and purchased the bulb , with no problems , on Amazon .
 It was for my wife and she declared it as perfection ... It works just perfectly for all her needs ... Whe would definitely recommend one to anyone .
 I received this OTT Lite around 1999 or 2000 and to this day , I have n't changed the lightbulb once and it still works ! The color of the lighting is fabulous and it does n't hurt your eyes . I would definitely recommend it to anyone seeking a really versatile lamp that is easy to use and easy on the eyes ! -LRB- Not to mention the whole - it 's almost lasted a decade on one bulb thing -RRB-
 I bought mine 5 or 6 years ago as well and recently decided to get another as a gift . This lamp is no gimmick , it 's the real deal . It is very bright and truly does make it easier to read , see what you 're doing , and so on . It 's well worth the asking price . The bulbs last a long time and these lamps use very little power , so they are cheap to operate . They are well made , too.I took the time to post this review because I like to recognize products that actually deliver what is promised and are a good value .
 Bought this about 6 years ago . It 's survived 7 moves along the east coast . It has the original bulb and burns brightly . It 's a great desk lite . Highly recommended for anything from working on electronics to studying/reading .
 OttLite was an early researcher and early producer of full-spectrum lighting , and they do it well . This lamp is small , full-spectrum , and energy efficient . This means that it wo n't take up a lot of desk space , it is easy on the eyes and reduces fatigue , and it uses a 13W fluorescent bulb to produce light equivalent to a standard 60W incandescent bulb . As a teacher who reads and writes most of the day -LRB- and sometimes the night -RRB- I appreciate all of these features . The bulb is also long-lasting , being rated for up to 10,000 hours of use . Unlike the screw-in fluorescent bulbs , this lamp has the ballast in the stand rather than in the base of the bulb itself . This reduces heat in the bulb and so probably extends its life . Note that the fluorescent bulb contains mercury and so must be disposed of as hazardous waste when it wears out . I find this lamp to be beneficial in every way and highly recommend it .
 The lamp is everything I wanted for a task light to sit on my desk and illuminate papers an my keyboard . The light is clear , without heat . Looks great , classy , no like cheap imitations found a Walmart and other discount stores . The illumination is bright enough . Would also be a great hobby , task , or piano lamp . The flip up design is easy and fun . Highly recommend - very pleased . I purchased this lamp about three months ago . You may want to comparison shop for the lamp and the bulb replacement - both are available at other sites . The lamp price is good here but the bulb is less elsewhere.Update - it is two years later , and i still only have praise for this lamp . Have not had to change the bulb at all , and I use it daily for a few hours at least . Excellent product .
 I saw my sister using this light for when she works at her desk . I told her how sleepy I get when doing homework . She explained how improper lighting can cause eyestrain which causes drowsiness . She was right ! This light helps me to get through my homework without getting sleepy . It gives off a nice bright light that is not harsh or hard on my eyes .
 PROS : - Excellent/True Light - Reduced Eye Strain - Small Footprint - Flexibility to Direct Light
 I think the lamp is nice , it 's portable and easy to use . I wished the lamp could illuminate a larger area and had settings to adjust the amount of light though . It is also a little expensive for a small desk light . I am pretty happy with it and would recommend it to people who want a simple and small white light desk lamp .
 I have nothing but wonderful things to say about the Ott-Lite I purchased . I have poor vision and was having trouble reading in dim light . This little Ott-Lite changed everything . I have it sitting on my kitchen table , open it up and can read while i have breakfast again.Many years ago I had purchased an Ott-Lite for my drawing table . It , too , was amazing . I do n't know why it took me so long to get one for my kitchen table . I wish all my lights in the house were Ott-Lites . I have not had to change my drawing table Ott-Lite yet and it has been years . I hope that is the case with this little Ott-Lite . I like the modern design . You just lift up the front portion to turn it on , then lower it to turn it off . It seems sturdy and nicely built . Well worth the reasonable price . I love that it can swivel , too.Ott-Lite L139AB 13-Watt VisionSaver + High Definition Task Lamp with Swivel Base , Black
 I design jewelry and we set up at craft shows and psychic fairs , so we purchased 2 of the lamps . They are especially great when I 'm working on a design . At the craft shows we put them on a shelf & the light spreads out on the jewelry below which works very well also . They are great when it comes to packing , sleek and lightweight . Since we purchased these a person had a LED light that you could twist around and use as a spot light , so I might have checked that out before I purchased these . Overall we at -LSB- ... -RSB- are pleased with the OttLite .
 I gave it to my daughter for Christmas and she was thrilled with it ! It was just what she wanted !
 This light is in use as I type ... I love it 's compact design , great light and easy on and off with closing it down . Would definitely recommend this one !!
 This product is amazing . I did n't think it was make that much of a difference . It 's a lot easier to see a night now when I read and also even during the day when I have my AC on and blinds closed . I love this OTTLITE technology . I will probably buy all ottlite bulbs now .
 This light is just what I 'm needed to take to the rc track . It 's light weight and portable and.very bright .
 This lamp was exactly what I needed . Great light source for computer keyboard or anything else , easy to use , and very portable . Provides as little or as much light as needed .
 I have had this OttLight for 5 years and note that there are more styles out but pricey . All I want is a replacement bulb and I am not sure what kind I need and just hope the bulb is more than getting a new lamp . Please direct me to a store in the Las Vegas or Henderson , NV area so that I can get the bulb without incurring shipping . Home Depot nor Lowes do not carry this bulb . Please advise .
 After reading many positive comments from the customers online , I decided to purchase this lamp . I just received this lamp few days ago and I am really satisfied with the quality . However , there is one problem with the lamp design -- no switch . As a desk lamp , without a switch to turn on and off , it is really inconvenient . Every time I have to plug in and out ... It will be a perfect product if it has a switch . Besides the switch , the product is great .
 I purchased this task lamp to take with me when I am scrapbooking away from home . I chose this brand because I have a standup OttLite that I use at my computer desk and scrapbooking table , and I am very pleased with the quality and clarity provided by the OttLite . I chose this plug-in , lightweight lamp instead of a battery-operated lamp because reviews stated that the batteries would only last about 10 hours before needing to be changed . I will be purchasing another one of these lights as a gift for a fellow scrapbooker !
 Pros : The delivery was on time and the light from the lamp did not glare or give me headaches.I was happy with the fact I could finally replace my other lamp t hat was giving me an eyestrain.After about 8hrs of none-stop use , the light did not get too hot -LRB- which is nice , considering you close it by flipping the top down -RRB- . Cons : However , I was slightly disappointed by the fact that it arrived with a few scratches on the black plastic . I guess they either did not package it properly or it was scratched during the manufacturing . I figured I could live with a few scratches , compared to eye strains.Also , the `` Swivel '' base does not really swivel . It 's much easier to just reposition the lamp instead .
 Got this for my wife as a light for her office , but she said the light is very easy on the eyes and it wound up on the nightstand so she can read next to it before bed.Nice light . Happy wife , happy life .
 I start to like the lamp the moment I turned it on . The light is bright and comfortable . Some ppl complained that it 's difficult to turn off the lamp . In fact , you just need to fold the lamp to do that -LRB- learnt from a review -RRB- . Worth the money : -RRB-
 The OTT LIGHT TASK LAMP works really well for my Wife.She has Macular Degeneration , and has a difficult time with lighting , this lamp puts the light right where it does the most good.The lamp is an ideal size , and having it come on when it is opened is a real plus as she does n't have to try and find the switch .
 I purchased this light for my desk at work . My work space is poorly lit and I needed something compact that would fit on the desk . This little gem is exactly what I needed but I did n't know it existed until I searched on Amazon . Now I 'm going to buy one for home .
 I 'm back here to order another Ott desk/task lamp . Baby Boomers of a certain age may need a more natural light to see and read - at least this Boomer does ! It 's sturdy but lightweight , is smartly designed , and I like all the ways the lamp light can be directed . It can light up a large area or a small space . I do n't know if I 'll hang one on a wall , but it can easily be done . I 'm obviously sold on the product .
 I just tossed my original OTT Lite , which was probably close to 10 years old and still with the original lamp , and ordered a new replacement . The reason I had to discard it was n't a problem with the OTT itself , it was that the pins on the lamp had , over the course of that decade , welded themselves to the socket . Even though the lamp was still working fine , I felt the color temperature had probably drifted somewhat over time , and so wanted to change out the fluorescent lamp even if it was still working . But when I finally got the lamp out , it had separated from the pins , leaving them still firmly in the socket!With such a long life that the OTT and low-wattage fluorescent lamps have together , it might not be a bad idea to R&R ; the lamp every few months to prevent this electrolytic `` welding '' of lamp pins to socket . Also , one other tip
 I love this ott lite and plan in the future to order the floor lamp . It has helped me tremendously while working on beaded ornaments .
 This is a great light . However , be aware that it is VERY bright ! More so than almost any desk light that you might purchase .
 THIS IS A VERY GOOD QUALITY LIGHT . I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND FOR DESK OR INTRICATE TASK LIGHTING NEEDS.OTTLITE HAS MAINTAINED QUALITY , NOT DECREASED IN THEIR PRODUCTS . I HAVE TWO DIFFERENT MODELS OF OTTLITE .
 I do a lot of machine sewing , hand sewing , & quilting . I love how much light this little Ottlite puts out ! It 's small enough that I can have it right next to my sewing machine and it 's not in the way , and then I can pull it to the edge of the table so I can use it when I hand sew . I like that fact that you just open it to turn it on , you do n't have to look for a switch and it 's portable enough that I can take it with me . I would DEFINITELY recommend it to others !
 They should change the name of this to the baby boomer light . As another reviewer noted , this is great for those of us that are needing more light . I was put off by the picture but after getting the light , really like the design and have ordered another one . I appreciate the small footprint on my desk and like the swivel base . The height is perfect for me , close enough to light paperwork , but it does n't shine in my eyes .
 I first heard the Ottlite mentioned on a nail blog , so when I saw it again on Amazon while I was shopping around for a dorm desk lamp , I decided to buy it . That turned out to be a great decision . Construction feels solid , takes up minimal space on my desk , tucks away nicely when not in use , has a slight retro/futuristic feel while still looking classic -LRB- if that makes any sense :P -RRB- . The light is great too . When they say it makes things look clearer , they 're not kidding.Overall , great lamp for the price . I 'd definitely get it again .
 these little lights are so helpful - I use mine for hand work , basket making , and sewing . I just bought this new one to have next to the ironing board . My ironing has improved greatly !
 I bought this light to use as extra light while painting -LRB- oil and arcylic -RRB- . It also is useful for many other things I never thought about before I purchased it . I heard about these lights from a friend who paints and has an older model . I love how thin and sleek this one is . The light is bright and powerful , perfect in every way . Would definitely recommend this item .
 Used this bit set to cut over 50 ft of OAK without a single sign of burning . Cut all the wood in a single pass .
 I 've purchased 3 bits -LRB- all Milwaukee -RRB- from this company in the past 4 weeks . You ca n't beat their pricing - especially with a `` gold box '' price . It was less than the next competitor 's price - plus free shipping ! The shipping was super fast & professional.The bits are Milwaukee , so the quality goes with out saying . I 've gone through my share of the `` cheapies '' and they are not worth the trouble . I popped 2 sets on the day I got them - this set & the locking miter set - the cuts were perfect in the pine , oak & plywood - all one pass cuts . You will not be disappointed .
 I got these bits really cheap , too cheap to pass up . I 've used them several times on sever different types of wood and could n't be happier . No burning , no tear-out .
 I 've been putting off making some cabinet doors for years and saw this bit set . It was exactly what I was looking for . The downside is that I needed a router table to use the set . Of course , I NEEDED a router table , everything 's OK . I tried out the bits on some scrap wood and they worked as expected . Fast with no problems . The product arrived early with no problems .
 It matches the cuts up GREAT!The cutters are razor sharp!MyToolPlace is a company easy to work with . The people speak English that I can understand . My future needs will be checked on with them FIRST!Please try them because you will be happy and they will there for me to use.Lee
 I bought 2 of these for my daughter and her husband to use on their nightstands . I like the soft light that it gives off . I hope they enjoy them .
 Love it . I have this lamp in my living room bay window where not only do I enjoy it but those passing by will see this warm orange glow . The lamp is on automatic control so it is on in the early morning hours and in the evening . Buy it you will like it .
 It 's too soon to tell if the ionized crystals make a difference , but this lamp is stunningly beautiful . One of the most talked about gifts I have ever given .
 I took on the project of building my new shop . I 've made numerous purchases and saw the Irwin Cobalt drill bits . It was as close to an impulse purchase as I 've made , and I quickly regretted my decision as the set was pretty expensive . I figured that when they came in if I did n't like them I could return them.Well they came in and I was very impressed with the quality and sharpness of the bits . This is by far the BEST set of bits I have ever owned.If you compare the costs of ` throw-away ' drill bits , and then figure the frustration of having busted small bits ... then look no further than this Irwin set.It is worth it .
 Got these bits a couple of weeks ago to replace a 20 + year old Craftsman set . The first thing I noticed was the heft of the assortment ; same number of bits as the Craftsman , but considerably heavier . Have mainly used a couple of the larger ones on a cast iron grill ; they chewed through like it was pine . Have used some of the smaller bits to drill out rusted bolts . You only need to watch the metal filings pile up to know they 're doing their job . Have n't used any on wood ; seems like overkill and my older ones do fine for those . I only wish the storage box had a more positive lock mechanism . But I do like its bright size markings -LRB- sure beats stamped metal , which I can never read in weak light -RRB- . All in all , I 'm very pleased , and the price was GREAT ! .
 I know Cobalt -LRB- both M-35 and M-42 -RRB- are way more expensive than regular HSS drills , but if you 've got exotic metals or steel to drill it 's like night and day . I would n't go back to HSS except for wood and maybe aluminum after this !
 I finally splurged and bought cobalt bits . Until now I would need to stop , sharpen , then get started again . I used these to drill out siezed 5/8 '' bolts from a 60 year old tractor front axle ... . worked like a charm .
 Bought this several months ago and have used it a lot more than I thought I would . Very sturdy case . Bits have gone through anything and everything I have put them on -LRB- wood , metal and plastic -RRB- . Should last a long time . No pilot point . Set is sold as Hanson , but Irwin is the packaging .
 Over 40 years I have purchased approx . 15 sets of drill bits for my husband . I finally decided that the old saying `` You get what you pay for '' rings true regarding this drill bit set . My son-in-law purchased a Dewalt 1/2 '' drive -LRB- heavy duty -RRB- drill for my husband for Christmas . Using both products together really got the job done . He has used the bits to drill through 2 1/2 inch pipe to create a `` portable '' corral/loading area for out cattle . These products drilled through the thick steel materials like butter . He also drilled a hole through 1/2 swedish -LRB- hardened -RRB- steel with no `` wandering of the bit '' when starting the hole , it cut the normal time by about 75 % -LRB- he would normally go through 2 or 3 bits that would dull or break before it would get the job done -RRB- total frustration ! . This is an excellent investment that you should happily purchase as a very generous gift for the man in your life . It 's always nice to see your husband happy the gift you have purchased for him , not like shirts or ties , a real investment in making his work easier for him.A `` Ranchers Wife ''
 After looking around at several big box stores and not being able to find a decent set of bits , I went to Amazon and found these Cobalt alloy bits . I checked out Irwin 's web site and noticed the line `` suitable for drilling armor '' . These drills are pricey but worth every cent.When they arrived I decided to test them out . I drilled a 9/64 '' hole in the shank of my old sets 1/2 '' bit . Not a problem ! Bit not only drilled the hole throwing chips of steel off but never got hot . This old set was from Northern Tool and was advertised as `` Titanium coated.Would give them more than 5 stars if allowed.R
 I have never had any good quality bits before . All I have ever owned were the cheap $ 20.00 sets from walmart etc. . Cobalt bits are the way to go if you are drilling any kind of metal . These bits require no effort at all to cut through steel . I would recommend this product to anyone needing to drill metal
 I have always used old High Speed Steel bits and they work ok until you have to drill into something a little harder than mild steel . These bits come in a nice case and are worth the money IMO .
 Nice drill set . We like the fact that the register locks closed and we do n't have to worry about them falling out and getting lost .
 These bits cut through metal . I 'm glad I got them . They are the best bits I 've ever bought . BUT - they are brittle ! I broke a small one pretty easily . They do n't take abuse the way a normal softer bit will . Use them with care and they 'll be great for years and years .
 I feel like I have stepped up into a `` used to '' category . I `` used to '' use my Craftsman and Makita drill bit sets . I `` used to '' occasionally break bits off from putting too much pressure on them to get them to cut faster . These bits are so much better than the grades you get at Sears , Lowes , Home Depot , etc. . I have been upgrading my 57 chevy including drilling 1/2 '' holes through the A arms to put in an anti-sway bar . Tasks are just easier when you do n't have to stop and sharpen a bit or keep drilling because you 're almost done ... just a little longer and I 'll be through . You know what I mean . These bits belong in any do-it-yourselfer 's tool box . I would recommend these bits to my friends and thank my friend for recommending this brand .
 I am glad the Milwaukee set went out of stock on Amazon . This set was cheaper and exceeded my expectations .
 I was really suprized when I received these drill bits they are of excellent quailty and case was really nice
 Former FT mechanic . I just bought this set cause I 'm tired of scrambling when I do need to drill into hardened metals and my standard hi speed bits dig in for about 30 seconds and they are shot . The reason I trust these is because I 've seen them in action before . My friend had to drill through a GM rear disk backing plate to upgrade some wheel cylinders . Slow steady pressure was the trick . Top these off with a Drill Doctor to sharpen back up and you are almost set for life . These bits probably are over kill for the average guy just needing to drill though standard steel once every 1 to 3 years . Cobalts are for hardened steel . These are the m-35 bits . There are a m-42 more expensive even harder bits , but I tried to save some $ $ as I 'm not a FT mechanic anymore . Rest assured , after I use these for the first time and if I think they are not worth the money , I 'll be out here with another negative review to try to save someone else any headaches . Based on what I 've seen and other reviews , these Irwin bits wo n't disappoint . Only thing I have n't decided on is how Irwin decided to set the case up . The 3 sections of bits are plastic and removable . I grasp the concept , but not sure if ultimately I will like or dislike this feature .
 These cobalt drill bits are great ! Regular titanium coated bits or carbide bits do not compare with cobalt bits , at all . With these I was able to drill quickly - really quickly - through steel that was dulling my titanium bits , even with oil . It 's always best to use a couple drops of any oil when drilling to keep the temperature down and avoid wear . You will not be disappointed with these bits .
 These are made by the people who make VISE GRIPS.They cut really well!Every time I have used them they perform great , drilling out screws has been a pleasure with this set.I really like the case a lot also.A great buy here at Amazon for the price , my local parts store wanted double the money for this set.Not one has broken or had to be sharpened yet , I do not use these daily but I could see how you could easily with the same results , worth the money indeed .
 Well balanced and easy to use . Construction of the cutter head allows no way for the cutters to come out during operation . Head is well balanced and caused no vibration on my table saw -LRB- sears Hybrid cabinet -RRB-
 The value of this flashlight is its convenient , small size , fitting in the palm of my hand . It is metal so it can be cold to hold initially in the winter chill , but since its entire case fits in my palm , it 's just an initial chill . -LRB- My experience with longer , metal flashlights is that as I slide them around in my hand or switch hands , the chill factor keeps recurring . -RRB- This light is not designed to be a flood light but just a compact , convenient one , so do n't expect it to light up an entire room or back yard .
 At first by just looking at the price you 'd say that is a lot of money . Let me tell you , in the long run it is nothing if you do a lot of hard wood molding work . Between the 80 seperate insert prfiles you can buy and a little imagination you can do a ton of different profiles and patterns . The quaity is above all expectations . Ca n't wait to get more plug inserts
 I own a delta table saw and shaper with a lot of cutters . I have decided to purchase this head with 4 other LHR patterns . I have used a delta 850 model power feeder with this head and pattrens and enjoyed making the crown mouldings on around 100 10 ' logn 6 '' wide big leaf maple lumber . I have made perfect cuts and all my frineds enjoyed the work . The cuts are so good I have spent minimal time on sanding . I highly recommend this product for making crown molding on table saw .
 I have made molding on many different types of machines , and you ca n't get a better finish on your molding than you 'll get with this , on a saw with 3hp .
 Magic Molder MM-2 -LRB- Head Only -RRB- Ordered cutter head and P-20 cutter to cut beadboard grooves in 1/4 '' MDF -LRB- .216 -RRB- after reading reviews on Amazon . Under the FREQUENTLY BOUGHT TOGETHER heading it referenced P-20-3 / 16 cutter was popular for beadboard , upon ordering I clicked on the TAB the CUTTER HEAD PAGE to add the P-20 cutter to my Cutter Head order . I should have had a clue when the cutter arrived covered w / heavy rust but was in a time crunch and cleaned it , installed it and made a few test passes . After realizing it was cutting to deep -LRB- no room for error -RRB- I figured out I had ordered the wrong cutter . There is a P-20 and a P-20-3 / 16 . Costly Mistake ! on the other hand it makes nice beads . BEWARE !
 If you want the ability to make custom profiles in stock materials , then this molder is for you . I ordered this molder , which is used on a standard table saw , because I had a client who wanted to have doors with beaded styles and rails to match an existing set of doors that they had in their home . This tool did exactly that ... and with perfect results.The tools extreme rigidity and superb sharpness gave a flawless finish when completed . Very little sanding was required and the intended results were the beaded doors which my client requested . The offer a large variety of different interchangeable heads for the molder , so the options are almost unlimited with what you can achieve.I had a problem with the original head having a lockdown screw problem for the cutter head . I contacted the company and they corrected the problem by sending me a new unit ... OVERNIGHT ! Their customer service was far beyond what I expected , and I would recommend them to anyone in this business.If you want to do custom moldings or profiles , you need this tool .
 I love the size of this knife and the feel , however I gave it a 4 because it does n't have a stop that prevents it from closing on your finger when you close it . Not sure what that 's called , maybe a hitch , but the smaller version of this blade has one . It stops at a right angle before you close it completely . It 's a minor issue for sure , but I figure it is worth mentioning .
 I have owned this for 2 years now . I do n't think there is another flashlight out there that can put out the candle power at this size . Do n't make my mistake and leave this flashlight on by placing it head down to the ground . It will will burn the lens . It 's durable and can last forever . Great emergency flashlight . Streamlight is a great company and I own the Stinger as well .
 I have it more than 5 years . Still the best and the brightest flashlight I 've ever owned . Battery life is great and does n't seem to develop a `` battery memory '' .
 this belt replaced the first belt i bought 15 years ago . great product . product shipped on time just as the tracking info said
 Once again , I was leary on quality . I was also concerned about sizing and color . For the price you just ca n't beat it ! The color was perfect , the fit was perfect and quality was outstanding
 The `` holes '' in the register are quite large - larger than our old louvered register . The cat has knocked several items down into it , and so we may have to find some kind of chicken wire or someting to put underneath to catch these items before they fall down into the air vents . The registers are very nice looking , however .
 perfect product and good price . very happy . got it fast and it was exactly as advertised . makes things a lot easier in the shop .
 The oil rubbed bronze finish of this floor diffuser is perfect . It is well made compared to the cheap contractor grade one I was replacing and looks spectacular on my tile floor . It dropped in perfectly and matches all the hardware , fixtures , and lighting I also have in the oil rubbed finish . A great addition to my kitchen !
 The goods arrived quickly . Attractive and decent for the price . The louver adjuster on one piece was broken when received .
 I purchased two of these knives to practice my engraving on and really did n't expect much for 12 1/2 bucks , but I was really surprised at the quality , fit and finish . These knives come with a leather scabbard which appears to be of high quality and would probably sell for at least half of the price of the knife alone . I would have perferred not to have the thong hole in the rear bolster or the `` Winchester '' logo on the blade , for my purposes , but they do not really distract from the appearance of the knife . I think that these knives compare favorably with the 110 Buck which sells for three times as much .
 I have an older model Weller propane soldering iron and when the original tip became unusable I looked all over for replacements . Amazon came through again . I bought this fine tip as well as a chisel tip at a reasonable price . The quality of the tips is good to.Amazon saves me a lot of time as well a money . I sign up for Amazon Prime every year and can have hard to find items sent to me in 2 days without leaving my computer .
 When I purchased my LRH Magic Molder I purchased this and several other plug profile cutters.One reason is I used this to find the centerline of the unit on my tablesaw with a zero clearance insert and also needed it for a profile in molding I am making . All profile cutters are sharp and cut well with no chatter . Nice product and well worth the money spent !
 Ordering was easy.Product came in a timely manner and was in excellent shape.Magic Molder Detail Patterns P-3Will keep this seller in mind for any future purchases .
 This is a great update to my existing ones . It is great quality , makes the room look updated . I should have replaced these when we first moved in .
 I am a retired Trooper . I still have my orginal streamlight -LRB- still in use -RRB- from 1988 . It smashed out windshields , and was used as a self defense tool and is still in perfect working order . I have replaced a few batteries and bulbs , that is to be expected.I bought the Stinger Ultra after retirement and use it everyday . Just as good as the old light from my cruiser , but a bit smaller and lighter . Just as tough and I expect to have to `` will '' these lights to my son when I die.People always say , I wish they made things like they used to . This company does just that.The best money I ever spent . I have given them as gifts and get eternal thanks for them from the recipients.Wives and children , If you have the husband or Dad that has everything and he does n't have one of these -LRB- Streamlight Ultra Stinger 78002 -RRB- , he does n't have it all yet.Oh , and get the vehicle and house charger , it is worth it .
 This id the most rugged dependable lightweight brightest halogen rechargeable flashlight in the world . I have 3 of these . It is worth every penny . Get both chargers for house and car . Tak it everywhere you go , I have had one of them for 10 years now i have only had to replace the battery pack once and the bulb twice . U will not be disappointed with this product !
 After years of dealing with inferior product I finally made a significant investment in a quality flashlight that I can depend on , and this one did not disappoint me . It came with both a 12V and 120V charger so you can go camping or whatever and charge it from your car . Both chargers are designed for the flashlight to be able to be in them continually , so you do n't have to worry about overcharging . If I had one complaint it is that the beam does n't focus from wide to spot very well , but it 's so bright that you wo n't be needing a spot anyway.Key points - flashlight battery life about one hour between charges . How do you get a beam so bright - by running the bulb hot so bulb life is quoted as 40 hour so I suggest getting a spare , they 're reasonably priced . The beam is a clean white light !
 As one reviewer said in another forum , the Sun has competition ... This Streamlight UltraStinger flashlight is so powerful that if you point it toward the Sun , it may cause a mass coronal ejection , which could cause a solar flare , so please use caution ... At night , I shined my light into a field , and immediately turned it off because I thought I had seen hibernating animals jumping around thinking the sun was out.This light could potentially enable Astrophysicists to actually see `` dark matter '' . Recently , a SuperMassive Black Hole was discovered ... OK , THAT 'S ENOUGH ... > ; -RRB- Seriously ... I purchased this flashlight because I work at night as a tractor trailer driver on a regular route , and I must conduct some of my operations -LRB- eg . switching , dropping , hooking , relaying , relying , lying -LRB- just kidding -RRB- etc. -RRB- in areas where there is limited lighting.I am a little paranoid about driving a truck without doing a thorough pre-trip inspection , and I actually like to see what I am inspecting in the dark , so using this flashlight enables me to see things under the truck & trailer -LRB- s -RRB- that one normally could n't see with an `` Eveready '' . There are some cases where it 's necessary to `` re-hook '' , or change seals or whathaveyou , and it 's nice to be able to see whether it 's necessary to do any of those things . It 's easy to hold the flashlight just under the arm-pit without the pain that a Mag-lite would bring because it is thinner and much lighter -LRB- oopspun -RRB- .5 th Wheel jaw-locking is ever so important on tractor/trailers , especially when you work in an industry that is not so well liked by `` others '' . This flashlight enables me to check for `` issues '' that `` other lights '' could not possibly even think of illuminating.It 's also nice to know that I can use my light to check `` the area '' before doing my pre-trip inspections , and once or twice it has helped very well . Just knowing that I `` know my surroundings in the dark with some power '' is enough to `` send 'em down the road '' if ya catch my drift ... This flashlight is mainly used by professionals in certain thankless positions because of the intensity of the beam that is necessary to conduct operations that are necessary and vital to safety and if you are in those certain professions , this flashlight is highly recommended , but it can also be used for industrial positions , and this one I purchased certainly is for a good reason , and I intend to keep it for a long time to come .
 Shipped as expected -LRB- on time -RRB- , performed as expected , nothing lacking . I would buy again from Kentec . thanks for the nails !
 Small body fits well in the tool box . Very powerful drill motor . The refurbished label did n't make it any less than brand new in quality . There is no use to buy a 3/8-Inch drill when you can have this one .
 I bought this from Amazon.com and it was a terrific price , it arrived D.O.A. however , Amazon.com reputation I knew I can count on and sure enough , I was taken care of . This drill look brand new , and does it work , I will have to give them 5 star rating , in no time the replacement was at my home . It works great . And will continue to shop at Amazon.com . This drill is very heavy duty and can handle the job.Dewalt makes exceptional products and this is proof . Thanks Dewalt and Amazon.com
 As far as I am concerned , Recondition is the same as New . Especially these Dewalt power tools that come from Hardware Sales . They look like Brand New and operate the same way.I now have two Dewalt products . This Hammer Drill and a 1/2 '' Variable Speed Reversible -LRB- VSR -RRB- Drill -LRB- Also reconditioned -RRB- . I also bought a seven piece set of Bits for this Hammer Drill . I used the Drill just the other day and it worked great .
 A powerful drill to cut a 3/4 '' hole in concrete . Appearance almost like brand new and performs just like one but at half the cost .
 Use these all the time and found that ordering online was easiest as I 'm house bound and ca n't pick up locally .
 Well made feels good in the hand opens and closes with one hand easily and the blade is rock solid -LRB- meaning no play -RRB- , overall great for light duty cutting peeling and makes a great pocket carry .
 Old fashion pocket knife . This is a decent quality every-day folding knife . It is fairly well manufactured with stainless steel and quite attractive wood inlay in the handle . I actually think it looks better than on the tiny Amazon image . The clip is stiff and securely holds the knife in place . The blade too is made relatively well and arrests precisely without any wobble . No high-tec materials or innovations here . I suppose no one will expect a top quality edge for 9.95 $ . It is stainless made in China , of course and heavy duty work will leave it 's marks . For the price a good deal .
 this is a great knife for messing around in the bushes when picking blackberries :-RRB- . i say that cause thats how it got admired and then stole . this is a great knife for camping and hiking . my first one eventually just wouldnt lock right . id had it for a long time and i dont blame the knife at all . the second time the tip of my blade got bend a little but it still worked great til it got slolen BUT i did shop around to find another one just like it because the walmart id bought both of mine no longer sold this model . i ended up getting a gift set at bass pro because it had this knife and a multi blade one with it in the pack and i am very protective of both of them . though its stainless it holds a nice edge and its sturdy and after all this time it still feels great on my hand . i would definately suggest it if you love the outdoors . one thing i dont like . this is a big knife so though i use it as a pocket knife its a bit bigger than i would want for every day use though ideal for the woods .
 I got this knife 1 1/2 yrs . ago and it has held up very well.Pros : Good weight to itVery sharp - does n't dull easilyCan be opened and closed with easeHas a belt clipCons : none
 Very solid build and high quality fit and finish . 147 grams weight a bit heavy . Does not auto fold out , stiff and has to be pushed open , has single blade lock release at fold in location . Firm pocket clip . Nice to have in a collection with its classic lines or for use as an everyday too .
 I never leave home without it . unless i go to school . but this knife is sharp ! I have used knifes before , but so far this is the best quality knife I have seen in a while . THIS KNIFE IS ALSO GORGEOUS !
 I recently lost my old one so I bought another one because I like how it feels and the weight of it is perfect . The knife came within the said dates and was well packaged .
 I bought this knife because I was looking for a locking pocket knife , with a partially serrated blade , and wood inlay handle . I searched for a while , and this one fit the bill perfectly . It 's pretty heavy , but it 's a good weight , it is incredibly sturdy and strong . It 's the perfect size for me to carry , too . My dad loved it so much , he bought one for himself . I highly recommend this knife to anybody looking for a good , dependable , pocket knife for years to come .
 Solid enought to use a a punching weight -LRB- enclosed within fist -RRB- , end stamp , or open and cut . This knife is actually made by GERBER so if you do n't know who they are then you probably do n't need a knife anyways ...
 I have no complains with this drill . Received in like new condition and has worked fine so far .
 I purchased two of those to replace twenty-year old builder-quality toilets in my house . The difference is like night and day . Multiple flushes are a thing of the past , water consumption and noise are noticeably lower , and the looks are better . This toilet is significantly taller than most . I find it comfortable , and my fourth-grader has not complained . Installation was easy , and the product seems well made.P.S . I purchased these from another retailer , so the review only applies to the product itself .
 Quality product to cut coves on the table saw . I chose to take magic molder head to cut coves over CMT moulding head because I can use the magic molder head along with other patterns on table saw . With help of a power feeder I have enjoyed cutting coves . The carbide quality is very good .
 My wife bought me this drill in 2002 for Christmas and I do n't think I will ever need another one . It 's the perfect size and weight for almost any job and has more than enough power to keep up with tough repetitive tasks without overheating .
 This Dewalt drill has great power . I am not a contractor but use many power tool frequently . The first time I used it I knew it was going to be a great drill for power jobs . It continues to perform any task well . It is small and light enough to use comfortably in tight spaces but delivers all the power my wrists can take . I have had several good experiences and no bad ones with re-conditioned tool purchases so far .
 This pendant is absolutely perfect ! It 's very stylish with a contemporary look , and high-quality at a reasonable price . I have 2 hanging in my bathroom and get compliments on them all the time ! I 'm planning on purchasing 2 more for another room .
 Knife is sturdy and sharp . Full steal body with wood decoration . Might require some cleaning upon arrival .4 years later : Awesome knife with a very sturdy construction . I 've been using this for the past 16 months in Dominica for just about everything , from cutting rope , making designs on paper , to cutting open young coconuts for coconut water . This knife has been through hell and back ... and still works just as it did the day I bought it.I also take very good care of it though . I do n't over-sharpen the knife , and I clean it after every use .
 My father needed this spring for his garage and could not find this size anywhere . We found it through Amazon.com , bought it , and the size is perfect for his door . It works and handles perfectly ! Tough as ever too ; it will last forever !
 Not sure if this filter really makes a difference , but we like it and use it , the filter media does need to be changed ~ 6 months .
 I bought 2 Harken 90-lb 4-point hoisters , one for each of my kayaks -LRB- 45 lbs and 70 lbs -RRB- . Installation was easy -LRB- about 40 mins . per hoister -RRB- , and the product is well-made and works great . A few thoughts for those considering a purchase : - The install instructions are a bit confusing . Make sure you understand the parts about how high you can lift your boat off the floor versus how far away from the front garage wall you have to put the hoister . If you do n't , you might not be able to lift your boat high enough or drop it low enough . - Also with the instructions , they assume your garage joists run front to back . If your joists run side to side , installation is even easier - you do n't need mounting boards and can ignore all those instructions . - My hoisters came with metal buckles , not plastic -LRB- apparently an upgrade -RRB- . This is generally good , but the metal might scratch your boat if you 're not careful . You can simply cover the metal with tape or something to avoid this.Overall , this is a great product , well-made , and performs as advertised .
 I installed the rack over about 3 hours . Holding great . Easy to lift . Only downfall , if there is no weight such as when the kayak is not attached , it is difficult , if not impossible to lower the straps .
 Let me start by saying the rack works great . I am using it for my 32 lb Wenonah solo canoe and I am so very happy to get my garage space back . That said , the instructions were Terrible ! I should have read the first reviewer 's comments first . If your rafters run sideways to the house instead of perpendicular , they only make mention of the difference once , after that , your on your own . The instructions also jump around an an illogical fasion in my mind . It really is pretty easy to put up , but I felt the instructions made it harder than it should be . All of the manuals are available on line on their websites . If you question , now , if this is the product foe you , you can read over the installation instructions before you buy on their website .
 I 've had 2 over the last 20 years , and ca n't be without one they made it so quick & easy
 Love it . Very useful to make instant coffee and similar things . It is a very useful thing to have in the kitchen sink
 So , we purchased our first identical InSinkErator product in 2004 and it worked great until about a year or two ago when the water started smelling and tasting like chemicals and then it stopped boiling . We like the look/aesthetic of this product more then others so we are trying it again . Hoping to get 10 years out of it and no funky chemical smell this time when water boils . Still a mystery about the odor ! Otherwise , this brand model is wonderfully convenient , safe-to-use and an attractive product .
 We are very happy with our new Insinkerator hot water dispenser . The design of the handle makes turning on the water easier than the KitchenAid dispenser we had previously . The water is very hot . In fact , I had to turn the temperature down twice from where I first set it . The water is hotter than my KitchenAid dispenser produced . This Insinkerator is the best hot water dispenser we have had in 31 years . I was happy to find one in white to match my kitchen faucet . I do n't have a Model number but it is the lower faucet type not the arched model .
 The InSinkErator h990W-SS works very well and was very easy to install . The Power Cord kit is shown as if it is needed for the installation . It is not , and I am sure that most people are like me and wo n't return it for the 9.98 refund . I think this in taking advantage of the consumer .
 I love having instant hot water at my fingertips . The only drawback is that it runs out of hot water too soon . Very easy to use .
 The InSinkErator H990W-SS was relatively easy to install and so far has been working beautifully . The delivery occurred very quickly and we are very happy with the product .
 One of the first things I added to my new house . We love not having to wait for really hot water . I drink a lot of tea and this is ideal .
 We installed this product when we first built our home 15 years ago . It finally started to drip water .15 years is way beyond the expected life span . When it came to replacing it ... there was no doubt to go withthis product again . The installation was much easier than the original product .
 I had an earlier model of this hot water dispenser for eleven years . That one had a metal container which rusted out . This newer version has a molded plastic type of water container which is definitely an improvement . I love the addition of the temperature control which the old one did not have .
 The hot water dispenser is a must ; particularly for tea drinkers.This models controllable temperature is a nice feature.I understand that the internal tank is not copper , so it should corrode a lot more slowly than the copper models .
 Its gets hot but not enough to fill a large pot though.Great for hot tea and hot chocolate .
 I usually never write a review unless the product is exceptional or a total piece of * & -LRB- ^ -LRB- ^ . This product is in the former group . I ordered this on a Monday and received it the next day . I did not pay or order overnight shipping . That 's pretty impressive . Granted , their shipping facility might be next door to me someplace , but even so , it came lightening fast.The product itself is exactly as detailed here on this website . Is it a top of the line unit ? No , but neither is the price . I am concerned with the reviews out there which detail the length of time between failures , but we 'll address that when that happens . This product carries a longer warranty period -LRB- 3 years -RRB- . It makes instant hot water and it 's quiet coming out the spout with no splatter . What else can you ask for ?
 I have used a hot water dispenser for over 20 years starting with Insinkerator . The original units did not do well with hard water and would need to be descaled once a year . I switched to Kitchen Aid 2 years ago and had a non functional unit for one year , constantly waiting for parts . They stopped making that line and I came back to this . Unit is a breeze to install , took 20 min . Works as stated . The thermostat control that is easily accessible is a bonus to get the water to just under boiling without the faucet burbling .
 I had to replace the goose neck type insinkerator faucet , the handle broke.The H990W dispenser handle is like the old design that woked well , thelever built into it is a big improvement . I like it . JOHN
 This is our third hot water dispenser in various houses and by far the best one . It was recommended to us by the plumber installing the new kitchen sink . It does n't spurt or sputter , no spitting and burning hands or fingers . It reheats quickly and meets all our needs . I do wish it were a bit quieter when reheating but that is no big deal in the long run .
 I received this product for Christmas . I love having a hot water dispenser ! I had one just like this for about nine years before it began to leak . The new one works better than the other one did and I hope it will be around for awhile .
 The dispenser works well . Installation was more difficult than with previous model . Securing the faucet is much more difficult than on the unit being replaced . The installation kit should include a tool for tightening the wing nut that secures the faucet .
 This is my fourth ISE Hot Water Dispenser . The first three lasted anywhere from 2 - 4 years each , before the tanks started leaking and the units had to be replaced . In addition to the tank problem the first two units had failures with an internal thermal switch . It 's about a $ 15 part that was fairly easy to replace if you are somewhat handy with tools and are not afraid of working with electrical components . On my third unit , the hot water tank was redesigned to include a different type thermal switch that was re-settable , like a circuit breaker . That successfully eliminated the thermal switch problem . It seems that the design of the tank for this appliance is continuously evolving . My first unit had a copper tank , the next two had plastic tanks , which I hated , and now this one has a larger -LRB- 2/3 gallon -RRB- stainless steel tank . Seems like a move in the right direction . Installation was easy . I 've set the external thermostat -LRB- a nice addition -RRB- to 190 degrees and it heats the water to that temperature without any spatter . I 've verified the water temperature with a digital thermometer . On the previous units I would get spatter at 180 degrees . Since I 've only had this unit for a month , I ca n't predict if it 's going to be more reliable then the previous collection I had , but so far it has performed flawlessly . I would like to add that even with the problems that I have experienced with the ISE hot water dispensers , for me it is a very useful appliance , and one that I do not hesitate replacing when it gets to a point where repair is simply not an option .
 I needed to replace a previous InSinkErator H990 instant hot water dispenser installed in our kitchen sink . I was not pleased that the prior model had failed in about three years time but decided to replace it with the newer model from InSinkErator . I was impressed with the design change that replaced a formerly plastic heating tank with a much more durable stainless steel tank . Also , I liked being able to keep the old faucet component and still hook up the new tank . The backward compatibility was a nice touch and can save installation time . I also like the new temperature setting large knob which replaced the old metal cover hiding the temperature adjustment.Don ' t set the temperature too high or there is a lot of spitting and girgling at the end of each heating cycle.The installation had no surprises and I was delighted enough to buy the same unit for my daughter and her husband and installed it over Thanksgiving holiday up in Boise . The unit is ideal for making single cups of tea or getting a head start on boiling water on the stove . The new larger tank 1/2 gallon vs. 1/3 allows more cups to be drawn in a short period of time .
 Looking over the reviews on Amazon suggested this was the best of the InSinkErator hot water products . I 'd been quite satisfied with an earlier version of this product , even though I 'd tightened the mounting nut too forcefully and it had cracked the shell . It worked all right even though the crack gradually grew bigger.It gave up the ghost after about seven years , when it would no longer heat the water . Not too shabby.This newer version looks the same but needed a slightly enlarged mounting hole , entailing more drilling through our porcelain kitchen sink . The mounting nut is now a wing nut , intended for hand tightening only . It 's murder to get my hand up into that corner of the sink , but after about two weeks of watching it wobble , I managed to tighten it up just enough , and now it sits solidly , no cracks or crevices anywhere.What I REALLY appreciate in the new version is the thermostat allows me to keep the water at just below boiling . The higher temperature works better -LRB- and quicker -RRB- for steeping tea.Highly recommended .
 This product is generally easy to install , although I agree that the wing nut can be cumbersome to secure . That 's the toughest part about securing the tap itself to the sink or counter . The rest of the factors will depend on your plumbing and how much room there is under the sink.The biggest problems I had , unrelated to the device itself , were getting enough room to locate the tank under the sink , and inserting a tee -LRB- not included -RRB- which required me to remove my disposal and unhook my faucet to have enough slack . With the tee in place , it 's a matter of hanging the tank on the two included screws , hooking up the copper line to the tee , and snapping or pushing three plastic lines onto the tank.Before plugging it in , make sure that the tank gets filled with water by turning the tap . After plugging it in , you will hear hissing and gurgling , and have hot water spitting randomly from the tap , but that 's a normal part of the break in period . After a few hours of break in , you will have instant hot water.Whether it 's a breeze to install , or a multi-hour headache will most likely depend on factors unrelated to the device itself . But the manufacturer could not have made it much easier , aside from replacing the wing nut with a nut and including a tool to attach it .
 Installed with a new sink as an upgrade . This unit works great , however it makes some noise when heating the small tank of water . My wife loves the instant `` tea water '' instead of using the microwave that took two minutes to do the job.Great unit !!!!!
 Have used both twist on and push in connectors . when you have multiple wires to connect , the push in is far superior to trying to twist on a wire nut onto multiple wires . Takes up less room in box and does not let one of multiple wires pop out of connector .
 I am a woman that was installing our electrical wiring in our new house . I saw these in the Halo recessed lighting I was installing and remembered using them when I worked at Northrop years ago . They were used in the high voltage . I immediately went to the internet to look for them to use instead of wire nuts . I have arthritis in my fingers and found it hard to put the wire nuts on sometimes . With the push in , I trimmed it to 1/4 inch and pushed it in the hole until I heard it click . I pulled to make sure it was secure . I have had to remove a wire and just twist and pulled to get it out . These are so easy to use and seems to take up less space in the box .
 I 've never used this type of push-in wire connector before , although I 've seen them used in the trade by others with mixed success . I finally decided to give it a try with a remodeling job where I had a lot of connections in several boxes and little room . Here 's my experience : Wires must be stripped to the proper length . This is much more critical than with twist connectors -LRB- wire nuts -RRB- . Too short and they wo n't make proper connection since they may not be able to insert fully , too long and you will have exposed bare wire which could make contact with other conductors or the box and equipment metal . Improper length is likely the main problem that people have had . The wire appears to make good contact inside the connector and the clear plastic allows you to see that -LRB- or if you need to push more wire in -RRB- . You still need nearly as much free wire penetrating from the box . The two-wire connectors are easy to get aligned , but the multiple connectors need the wire length so you can get them pushed into the connector straight in and without bending the wire . I was unable to do this without using pliers except for the two-wire connectors , although with more experience it may become simpler . So unless you are really experienced , these are probably not faster.The real benefit is that -LRB- except for the two-wire connectors -RRB- these push-in connectors take much less room in the box , especially considering that with twist-type connectors , the wires must be all lined up parallel with each other for an inches or two before entering the connector . More than a couple of twist connectors containing three or more wires each and you are soon fighting for more box space . With these push-in connectors , each wire can bend in a different direction as soon as it leaves the conector.A final note . Removing solid wire from these connectors is easy
 great pressureAmazing shower and filters !! worth the whole way
 This came quickly and seems to work well . I 've only had it a few weeks , but my hair is already softer .
 We used two of these lights for a guest bathroom with limited space over a conrner vanity and mirror . It works perfectly and had a distint look to it both lite and unlite . Solid product , with artistic flair that goes well with our antique bronze fixture based bathroom .
 till my Brother in Law gave me a Skil 2866 for Christmas about three years ago . I will place this drill up against any 120 volt drill for normal home use , working on the car , whatever . In fact , recently I started doing some ham radio work , and realized I could not find my A C drills , because I have been using nothing but the Skil since whenever.I highly recommend it to anyone . Buy a second battery and then yu will always have a fresh supply , and you are Very Good To Go .
 This lock worked on our laptop when others would not . It has a rubber ring next to the computer , so it accommodated this particular laptop that had a ridge close to the opening .
 I originally was going to purchase a Black and Decker cordless finish nailer for $ 200 but then read the bad reviews for it . I decided to spend the $ 400 for the Dewalt kit . I 'm glad I did . This nailer has been great . The only jams I 've had were from the nails hitting drywall screws beneath the trim . This gun has alot of power and the batteries last a long time . It 's a very handy nailer . No need to lug out the air compressor .
 This is the best money I spent . What a hassle it was to lug a compressor and hose to do a small job . This makes it a big job so much easier .
 Outstanding tool ! Designed specifically for short-duration jobs , punch lists , etc. . I 've only had one malfunction
 UNIT WORKS VERY WELL SO FAR . A BIT OF ADVICE FOR ANYONE INTERESTED IN THIS PRODUCT >> >> > EAT YOUR WHEATIES . IT IS VERY HEAVY AND NOT FOR USE WHEN WORKING OVERHEAD A LOT . IF YOU ARE NOT OF ABOVE AVERAGE ARM STRENGTH STAY AWAY UNLESS YOU ARE ONLY DOING SMALL PROJECTS . SO FAR I HAVE DRIVEN 2 1/2 INCH NAILS WITHOUT ANY PROBLEMS AS LONG AS YOU HOLD IT FIRMLY AGAINST THE PRODUCT . HAD SOME JAMMING WHILE TRYING TO DRIVE IN CORNERS WHERE I COULD NOT PUT FIRM PRESSURE ON IT . NOT A REPLACEMENT FOR GOOD OLD AIR NAILER .
 I purchased this as a upgrade to a bathroom fixture . it 's simple to install , clean lines , good quality and actually generates more light than the previous 4 light fixture . A very pleased customer , indeed . I recommend this lighting .
 I am a woodturner , and use this scotch-brite grit in between my next to last and last coats of varnish . It is not very aggressive ; just what I need . When used on a soft-backed rotary sanding pad , these leave virtually no visible mark at all , which is perfect ! If you are trying to de-nib between coats of varnish , this is NOT the pad for you ; this is for very fine buffing out and wo n't remove any excess varnish without considerable pressure . My only gripe is that they are not perforated in 3 '' widths and lengths -- the easiest width for me to work with when sanding bowls and hollow forms .
 This product was perfect for my white , Corian sink that becomes water stained over time . Was afraid to use the normal green pads for this use , and the white was perfect .
 Prouduct works as advertised . I use it for routing from templates at least 8hrs per week . I do cut collar to depth of my templates .
 This is one of those purchases that actually makes a real difference in your daily life . I purchased this through Amazon 3 years ago and still , no buyers remorse!The most noticeable thing is how much having a filtered shower head improved the condition of my hair . Both my hairdresser and myself took serious note!The water pressure is great , and the long hose is very practical for washing me , for washing small doggies in the tub and for rinsing down the entire shower area when cleaning.It is well made -- it has held up over three years and no leaks or other complaints . Wish the replacement filters were n't so pricey , but they all are , so what are you gon na do ?
 Although a little heavy because of the filter , I love this shower head massager . I am disabled and have very sensitive skin , thus the need for a filter .
 Amazon tells me I bought this three years ago ... I would n't have guessed . For whatever reason , previous chlorine filters always broke . I have no complaints about this one . -LRB- I was here looking for one for a gift , I 'm so happy with it . -RRB- Note that this will also add several inches to the height of your shower head -LRB- maybe about 6 inches ? -RRB- ; great for those of us who are tall . -LRB- For the person who said it leaked at the connection point ; did you use plumber 's tape ? I think that 's a normal thing for changing a shower head . -RRB- Update
 Have it a few months now and now I no longer smill like chlorine from my water ! I am back to buy the bath filter now .
 The shower head was easy to assemble and works well . My only complaint is that in areas were you have to manually tighten the connection there is leakage .
 This is a rugged , nicely built drill . I do n't know how I lived without a keyless chuck in the past ! The drill works great and despite being re-conditioned , it seemed just like new when it arrived . I love my DeWalt tools and factory-reconditioned is a great way to save some money on the tools you 'd like to have but wo n't use every day . I needed something with more torque than my cordless drill/driver for occasional tough jobs like drilling with a spade bit or augering out holes in floor joists for running electrical wires and this drill does the job well .
 I like the knife . Think it 's good value for the money.It has a mystery steel , so no telling what it might be or how consistent it is , or even whether it 'll be the same steel from knife to knife . That said , the blade on mine holds an edge very well . I can hack around with it on wood for quite a while before the edge becomes noticeably less sharp . I 'm pleasantly surprised by this as cheap knives usually do n't have steel worth crap . I think the steel in this knife is actually quite decent , heck good.The downside is that to get that durability the knife is hefty . It 's one heavy puppy . The blade is hefty , and although I ca n't see under the scales I 'm guessing it 's one solid hunk of metal - very heavy . The forward scale is a steel piece and that adds to the weight , although having broken a few scales batoning , I must say that this definitely wo n't break and as a matter of fact is why I bought the knife in the first place.The blade is hollow ground , so it 's not as strong as a half bevel ground knife , but it 's a hefty hollow ground - it 's pretty strong actually . Whether it 'll chip over time , I have no idea . Most knives will , especially when it 's cold , but I have no indications that this knife will be any worse than others.If you 're into knife steels , I think this knife steel is better than Gerber 's 420HC by a long shot , and better than AUS8 by a moderate amount . Just an impression from use , of course , and it 's actually difficult to tell because the knife is thick for what it is in all dimensions.The grip itself is annoying . The handle is thickest in the very back forcing your hand forward . You do get a place for your finger to index but it 's still a funky design . I have had this knife for six months now , and have been meaning to sand the handle flat , leaving a raised area for retention in the rear , but have n't got around to it yet.Another thought that occurred to me is that the knife could be vastly improved by drilling out some of that excess metal in the tang . If one then re-handles without the metal finger hold this could be a pretty beefy , yet only medium weight knife.Well , I like the knife . Good value for the money . Good edge retention . But , heavy with funky handle design . Keep it in the glove box , the garage , or skin the occasional grizzly with it .
 I bought it for an emergency knife to keep in my glovebox for my car , I occasionally use it camping . The blade quality is nothing exciting , but I do think the knife itself looks good . Considering I will probably never use it , I 'll give it 4 stars for looking pretty and shaving kindling when we go car camping
 So yeah was worried about the quality and durability since this knife was so inexpensive but not to worry i have gotten it very very sharp and have used it a lot ! It has n't chipped or bent like most `` made in china '' knifes would . Once you get it in your hand it 's nice and heavy , well balanced and easy to sharpen . I also liked that it came with it 's own case .
 I Bought this knife 6 years ago and I got ta say it is a great knife . I have used it for splitting logs or cutting trees . It holds a good edge if you know how to sharpern it a stone works best with this knife . overall this is a great knife one of the , no THE best knife i 've ever used .
 I was looking for an exact replacement for my motorhome , because the bracket was mounted to the ceiling and I did n't want to re-mount another bracket . This product did the job . Could n't find it in local stores .
 The vinyl holds up better than any others tried but the plastic hinge is flimsy and does n't last . I bought a 2nd solid seat to get the chrome hinges . It makes one expensive seat !
 This product gets used allot in my home and its easier to sit and not hurt our backs like the traditional toilet seats do . Thank you ... Robert R
 i love this chandelier . it 's large and it looks great in my dining room ! it 's pretty light too so it was easy to install alone .
 I have all 3 winchester fixed blade knives and this one from Knives USA stays the sharpest.I keep it on my backpack along with other things I ordered from and through Amazon.com ; like compass , mountainhouse freeze dried food , heater meals and do n't forget the Winchester multi-tool .
 I purchased the smaller sized multi-tool and I am very happy with this purchase . The only bad thing I can foresee is that the tools other than the pliers do not lock into position when in use . Over time I can imagine that they will become loose but this is not a huge problem for me since I seldom need them.Otherwise a quality item for the money !
 The `` Winchester 22-01347 '' is a very small , but very useful multi-tool . It 's small size hides a wide selection of surprisingly practical and well made tools.The wood accents add a small measure of class , so pulling it out in an office does n't cause a lot of alarm -LRB- unlike whipping out a huge Leatherman might : - -RRB- This goes on sale fairly often and can be gotten for well under the list price . It is a good bargain for a well made tool.Recommended !
 It 's a really tiny tool , I was surprised at first but I really like it . It looks better in real than on the pictures . It seems sturdy enough for the use I want to make of it - does not look cheap at all . It 's totally worth the 10 bucks it cost me .
 This multi-tool is probably smaller than what you might think . It 's actually the smallest multi-tool I 've seen - which could be a plus or minus depending on your usage . However , it 's well constructed and has all the needed standard tools you would need for small jobs . We used this item as a graduation gift for HS graduates . Perfect item for dorm room needs . The carrying case that comes with the tool is perfect and adds a nice touch if giving as a gift .
 This is a handy tool that is small but has a lot of features that the more expensive stuff has . Again great for travel .
 These are for gifts for Christmas . I love the looks of them and have already ordered more .
 This turned out to be a great knockoff of the leatherman/swiss army knife type of thing , for a really great price . I 'd buy more .
 I got this as a gift for my 10 year old nephew who loves to go fishing . He needed some help getting the hooks out of the fish and this works great with his little hands . It fits nicely in his tackle box and the wood grain makes it look really nice . I am sure he will out grow it or end up dropping it in the lake but for the price i can afford to buy him another one later .
 i got the knife today as a late x mas present for my stepdad he loved it right out of the plastic commenting on how well the tools are crafted and how sharp the blade and saw are . ill be buying myself one here directly and i might buy one for a good friend of mine too ! thanks amazon for the speedy delivery
 for a smaller multi tool this works well . . I took them on a trip to Cancoon and used them many times because I had a problem w/my lower partial . Pliers worked quite well , even on spring steel
 I picked this up for my son inexpensively . It was an impulse purchase , but one he enjoys.It 's very attractive , and the case is well made . It 's like a pair of folding pliers that have extra tools that might be handy . The pliers work well , the rest of the tools are only okay in quality.It 's so small he actually wore it on his watchband today ! He 'll probably make himself a leather wrist strap for it .
 You just got ta ' have one of these if you do any type work that can utilize the tools that come with this item . Not much in here someone would n't need , but , as a `` spare '' tool kit along with being a knife , it 's just terrific . I have 4 of these in various places where I just may need to use this `` boy scout tool '' and have been happy about that decision on several occasions .
 For the price , I do n't think you are going to find anything better . It 's smallish , but much larger than a Leatherman Squirt . It seems decently made and the selection of tools is good . If you want something to carry every day , I 'd keep looking , but for a backup multitool or just something cheap to throw in the car or a BOB , it 's a good choice .
 Well , it all depends what you paid for this tool . I got it from Amazon for $ 4.20 , free shipping . And for me the price/quality ratio is just fine . My screwdrivers are OK , pliers are fine for a small tool . The only complaint is that knife is not easy to open sometimes , but it is because my nail is very short . I also like the belt holster , the total size and weight of this tool is just right for me to have it on it the whole day at work . Sure , for $ 15 I would go with a Gerber tool . But for the money it works for me .
 ... I ended up purchasing a total of 5 of these . It 's something to carry around in my pocket , not for major surgery . And the other 4 people that I passed them on to enjoy owning theirs , too . At under $ 5.00 , I think it was a fantastic purchase .
 I recently bought 33 of these tools . I 'm climbing Mt. Kilimanjaro in early Feb , and plan to use the tools for gifts to our porters . I was looking for a small , high quality , inexpensive gift , that a African can use . Looking forward to presenting them !
 Ugh , you 're thinking , not another darn Leatherman-type tool . Ah , but this one is truly gorgeous . The wood handle makes it a great executive gift . It 's very well made and looks quite rich , but wo n't break the bank .
 I read the reviews before buying this , so I knew that it was fairly small . That is one of the reasons I bought it . It is a good size to fit in the pocket if necessary . Looks very nice and more expensive than it was .
 I bought this item to put in my tacklebox . Though compact and small , I found it to be quite useful for the purposes I got it . For one thing I do n't want to carry a lot of stuff because I usually hike in to my spots . I carry only the necessities in a small plastic case . This multi tool is just right for this . It can unjam fishing line , it can cut line , it can hold a hook for sharpening or for tying a fly , and it can help loosen the hook from the fishes mouth . The Phillips screwdriver is just the right size for quick adjustments to my reels . The knife -LRB- with a little honing -RRB- is very sharp and holds it 's edge . I do n't use the other tools much , but I do n't see why they could not be used . Yes , this multi tool is very small , but that is precisely it 's value to me . I would n't buy a sledge to put a nail in the wall , so why buy a big Leatherman when you have small size jobs ?
 I am very pleased with the product The tool is nicely finished and includes the typical tools that should be handy to have access to from time to time without having to carry a bulky load around . The carrying case for a belt gives handy access to the tool when needed.The nail file that is included has two different roughnesses -- one per side . This is more flexibility than some I have seen.The knife blade may be too short for some , but I find the 1-1/2 inch length quite adequate for my purposes.Not all Phillip 's head screw drivers seem to work well ; this one does .
 This seems like a decent tool , bought it as a gift . It is a LOT smaller than I figured it 'd be though .
 For the price a great deal . All the tools I found to be functional , especially the pliers . My son and daughter have many piercings and the pliers really come in handy changing them . This is a compact tool with a nice pouch that never seems to get in the way . I bought one for myself and ended up going back for 10 more as presents . So far I have had only positive comments from the recipients .
 This product works as advertized . Sound quality is good , as is reception . I believe I received more for the money than I may have expected . I would have rated five stars , but have n't had them long enough to rate durability .
 Needed some tunes to make cutting the grass more enjoyable . These drown out the lawn mower noise . These have both AM & FM stations . Perfect . I 've seen these same ones in stores for $ 20 more that here at Amazon . Great deal !!
 My husband and I thought this radio headphone set were great for the price . They really block out the sound around you . Unfortunately , the 97 year old man we bought them for turned the dial from the classical channel we had it on and suddenly thought they were terrible because they had rock music on them ! They would be great for working in a place with a lot of noise .
 I am really glad I bought this . Does a pretty good job of picking up decently strong stations and excellent with stronger ones . I love being able to listen to music while doing noisy tasks in the shop and still protect what is left of my hearing .
 Well built , good noise reduction , fair reception . Satisfied with overall quality of the product .
 I love these radio headphones , they work perfectly for doing my yard work , I finally can listen to the radio while I work
 Peltor makes a great product , I have used their muffs in the past especially when mowing or using other power equipment outdoors . Also found them great hearing protectors at Indy when we go to the Brickyard 400 . Adding tunes is great though I like them best when listening to various talk radio programs . Use them with caution as ambient sounds are muffled so well you will become oblivious to your surroundings , often I can not hear the telephone ring , a good thing maybe . Great battery life .
 I own one of these and liked it so much that I am buying one for my son .
 Good basic unit . Hearing protection is good . Radio works well . I have no reception problems as I live in a large metro area . A little hard to tune in radio stations . I do n't change stations much so this is not a big problem for me . Suggest the digtial display unit if you change stations often .
 This works exactly has described . Item came in great condition . I love using it when I am working in the yard especially when working with lawnmower . It protects your hearing from noise but you can easily hear when someone is calling your name .
 These are such a great improvement from just listening to my MP3 player with in-ear headphones while I am mowing -LRB- I do lawn care for a living -RRB- . These actually protect your ears from the sound of the mower , and allow you to listen to music at a much lower volume . This I am sure is much better for your hearing .
 I bought these headphones for one purpose - to listen to baseball while I work in the yard . And they work great ! The noise of the lawnmower is completely deadened and I do n't have to turn up the volume and damage my hearing to listen to the game . Only complaint is the same as others have had - it 's difficult to tune the headphones because there 's no indicator of where you are on the dial . But since I never change the channel , that 's not really a problem for me . Love them !
 My husband has had this radio/ear protector headset for over 2 summers now and does n't do yard work without them . He absolutely loves them ! He has n't had any problems , has n't even needed to change the batteries and he says that they make the time go so quickly.While my husband was out of town our neighbor mowed our yard and used my husbands radio headset . He asked where I bought them from and ask if we would order him a pair and he 'd gladly pay us back . I was able to find the same set again on Amazon and bought him a pair . He was sold after one use . On Amazon we found great pricing , quick shipment and a fabulous product that we would highly recommend for anyone who works in their yard or even on a noisy job site .
 Nice product , good fm reception , not real comfortable on head , butoverall , satisfied .
 I use these all the time while mowing , working in the barn or out in the back target practicing . They do a good job of deadening loud sounds . The radio works well but is sensitive when tuning it . A digital tuner would really make this item nice .
 Having both versions , analog and digital , the analog by far outperform the digital ! Sound quality blows away the digital and you can adjust the volume as loud as you like , not limited by OSHA . Buy these now before they are fazed out !
 I 've been using a pair of these AM/FM Hearing Protectors for over a year now . I work on a flightline and around aircraft shop noise . My AM/FM Hearing Protector was one of the best buys I have ever made . I like talk radio in the morning and old school music the rest of the day . I have a Zune and a cheap little mp3 player that I plug a battery operated -LRB- one AA bat -RRB- FM transmitter into.That gives me the option of listening to mp3 music or an audio books or watch an mp4 movie on my zune and transmit the audio to the AM/FM Hearing Protector.Or I can use the cheap little mp3 player and FM transmitter to transmit and listen to music or audio books on the AM/FM Hearing Protector.The AM/FM Hearing Protector uses two AA batteries that seem to last two weeks at a time when used 8 hours a day . I left them on over the weekend more than once and came back on Monday morning and they were still playing.After a year of use I 've only had to glue the ear pads back on once . I have to use a piece of duct tape to hold the battery compartment flap on.After I found all five or six radio stations I liked I marked them off on the shell next to the tuner knob with a white paint maker so they would n't be hard to fine . I used a red paint marker to mark off the FM transmitter stations.When this pair breaks I will not hesitate to buy another pair.Sometimes cheap low technology is the best technology . Old school AM and FM are still relevant in my book .
 I have owned these radio headphones for a year now and love them . They are great for when you are mowing the yard or using the leaf blower . The radio works very well and they really reduce the noise level of loud yard equipment . Highly recommended .
 I was pleasantly surprised for several reasons . These appear to be pretty well made . They say `` Made in Sweden '' , whereas everything else these days comes from China . The only weak point I could spot was the battery compartment cover , which has a flimsy folded plastic hinge which will someday be replaced with a strip of duct tape , I 'm sure . Reception is pretty good and consistent for stations with a strong enough signal . My favorite college radio station is spotty with regard to clear reception . They are comfortable even just as hearing protectors and seem to reduce noise more than they 're rating suggests . We 've only been using these for a few weeks , but between me and my shop partner they are a popular item . Now we do n't have to blast the radio to hear the music or news above the shop noise , or one peson can listen to music while the other hears the news . I recommend these radio headphones .
 This set of earmuffs/radio is meant for use in construction or other activites where you would use loud equipment , but pairing the radio with high-quality noise-reduction lends them well to another purpose
 I manage a professional custom woodworking shop and we have 3 of these head phones , one for each sanding station . The sanding room is in the middle of the shop surrounded by concrete walls and on the bottom floor of the shop yet the radio stations still come in strong . They are in use nearly 12 hours a day and have made sanding a whole lot more enjoyable for those who do it . They do limit how much you can hear when people are talking to you so they are not allowed in our actual shop where we need to be able to hear one another but when working alone they are great .
 Great ear protection . When you want to hear some tunes they play very well . Would recommend them to anyone .
 I have owned the peltor work tunes for a couple of years now and they work excellent . FM radio comes in really well and holds stations with no problem . AM is clear for the most part but the stations do tend to fade in and out with a lot of movement . Especially when I am mowing my yard . The headset is very comfortable and I have worn them for up to 3 hours at a time without any discomfort . I highly recommend them for the price .
 I 've tried a few of these radio ear muffs - never had reception that was even close to satisfactory before this . We live about 60 miles from the FM station that I listen to -LRB- WAMU -RRB- . Once I locate the station , the Peltor holds the station pretty well . Ditto for C-Span radio . Cutting grass is no longer quite so boring.AM reception fades as I move around but might work fine if I lived closer to the station .
 These earphones are great . i bought them as a gift for my dad and i was using them the one day using a power sander and they are great . they drowned out all of the noise and the reception was really good . i will definitely buy a pair of these or at least ask my girlfriend to get them for me for my birthday or christmas . Definitely a great buy !!!
 I bought this head set for my father but tried them out beforehand . They fit comfortably and block out ALOT of sound which is actually very relaxing . The radio works well although do n't expect sound comparable to computer headphones -LRB- pretty close though -RRB- . This is what my dad sent me when I asked for his thoughts `` I wish I had them 10 yrs ago . They are very comfortable and easy to use . Reception is very adequate for me . I would recommend . Make sure you call your mom . `` I did n't call my mom yet .
 they work as expected . . but drift from station at times , however we have only 1 station and it is not extremly strong , so it may not be the products fault .
 I purchased this product to utilize when mowing the yard to help reduce the noise from the tractor and mower and also to have the ability to listen to music and/or the baseball game during the 2 hours of mowing time . The overall reduction in noise levels from the mower/tractor was more than I expected and work very well . It reduced the buzzing I used to get when not using any protection . The radio reception and sound quality is again better than I anticipated and have not had any issues with the product . They are relatively comfortable wearing and I do not have any complaints at this time . I have used them for approximately 2 months and they seem to withstand the use thus far and would highly recommend these to anyone using a larger tractor/mowing set up .
 GREAT HEARING PROTECTOR.I AM A LANDSCAPER SO I WEAR THEM ALL DAY LONG . THE SOUND QUALITY IS VERY GOOD . THE RECEPTION IS VERY GOOD FOR FM STATIONS THE AM IS OK BATTERY LIFE IS GREAT . I DO NOT WORK WITHOUT THEM.THE PELTOR 90534 WORKTUNES ARE GREAT ! ... . P.S. STAY AWAY FROM THE PELTOR DIGITAL WORKTONES THE SOUND QUALITY STINKS
 I will be ordering one of these , if it works as good as the last two AO Safety Peltor I had will give a 5 star in another review . First one got ran over with my tractor after I laid them on the fender and started baling hay again after making an adjustment to the baler . Second set got `` borrowed '' by one of my step sons for lawn work , he worked for a lawn care business and wants to keep them . Would give 5 stars except station will eventually wander off channel a little as is analog tuned . Have a set of look a likes that is pure junk that would give a 1 star rating .
 I bought a set of these to use while working in my shop and yard . They work great and allow easy listening while working around loud machinery . Peltor has also come out with a version that will connect to an iPod , etc. . It also works well , but the chord is problematic . Hopefully they will come out with a version that includes Bluetooth connectivity .
 I own quite a few different knives , but my new Case 80161 Trapper will definitely be the one which most often occupies my pocket . The mechanism is silky smooth , although requiring a bit more effort to open than other premium knives.The fit and finish are superb . The rivets which hold the iconic yellow side scales are so well flushed up that it is difficult to feel them with a fingertip . Both blades were sharp enough to shave , right out of the box . Perhaps best of all are the letters `` USA '' stamped at the base of the spey blade .
 I 'm so pleased with my Case Trapper . I 'd wanted a Case knife for some time now and I finally broke down and bought one . I 'm so glad I did . The more I read about Case quality , the more I was sold on their product . It 's sharp as a razor and it looks fantastic . I love showing it off . My wife got upset with me because I was walking around the house looking for things to cut . I wanted a knife with timeless quality . I wanted a knife that I 'd still be using when I 'm an old man on my front porch in my rocking chair . A knife that I could leave to my grandson/granddaughter ... I found it in the Case Trapper .
 I purchased this for my husband for christmas . I was super excited ahout the price . He absolutely loves it . Great purchase !!!!!
 I bought this knife because my dad always carried one like it -LRB- his was a Kabar -RRB- . I bought the stainless steel blade because I do n't like how non-stainless steel blades get rusty or pitted if they are not oiled or fussed over . Frankly , I do n't have time to wipe oil on blades to prevent rust and am not fond of the taste of oil on the apples I would cut with my knife . True , stainless does n't hold an edge as well , and is harder to sharpen , but I do n't I use this particular knife very hard . It is more of an eye-candy knife , thanks to its pretty -LRB- sorry dad ! -RRB- yellow handle .
 Not the best flash light , fells a little cheap but will work . No more picking up a flash light that has no batteries .
 i used this product during blackouts , and the devastating hurricane Sandy that hit the eastern coast of the United States . This flashlight requires maybe 10 seconds of shaking in order to produce sufficient light . the more you shake the light , the brighter the light gets until it reaches it 's maximum brightness . i would highly recommend this product .
 Its made of a strong plastic & is put together well . I used it during hurricane sandy & it was nice not to have to worry about batteries during a already stressful time . . i also used it in the shower & because of the waterproof design it was fine . . my daughter played with it pretty ruff & it survived . I ordered a second one for me & one for my parents . I received it within 4 days of ordering it & i would strongly recommended this especially if yoir living in a area affected by the weather or just keep it in your car . . just incase .
 I am happy with this flashlight but it is certainly bigger than I expected , about a foot long . The only draw back is that you usually do need to shake it for a time immediately before using it . It does not hold a charge quite as well as the HDE hand powered 3 LED version does but it is still a good light & something worth having .
 It takes ALOT of shaking to get the light to full brightness . And the magnets in the light are strong enough to erase your credit cards if you slip the light into the same pocket as your wallet .
 This is a great tool for everyone . Store in car , Garage , basement around fuse box . Never know how many times you may need it and with just a few shakes , you are in service
 Was much bigger than I thought ! I had remembered one that my parents had when I was younger and it was just a small one . This is a normal sized flashlight and the fact that you never need to replace the batteries is great !! I let my grandkids shake it when they are here for extra `` power '' but it does just fine in between as well with just my shaking it to keep it lit . Of course , the more you shake the brighter and more light you get , so if I could I would shake it more ! haha . But if you give it several good shakes a month , then there is no doubt that you will have at least some light when needed most . And best of all ? no batteries to replace ! ever ! or old batteries to leak into landfill !! I will be getting more of these as gifts!Shake Flashlight - No Batteries - Simply Shake to Recharge
 I love it ! it 's exactly what I was looking for , ecological and helpful !!!! . No batteries needed and no light parts .
 I am so tired of having a flashlight in the car , and its batteries are dead when I need it ! This solves that problem with just a few shakes !! Also great for camping or as a nite lite for a small child !!
 This is a very trustworthy flashlight . Buy shaking it back and forth several times , it gets charged enough to use . It is wonderful if you do n't want to be dependent on batteries . When you are in a emergency situation , you cant depend on how much energy is left in your batteries , and when you have to have light , this flashlight this one you can depend on when you need to . I have two .
 The quality on this item is acceptable . It looks like it will hold up well . I have never actually had to shake it , because it gets shaken so much during delivery that the battery in it is pretty well charged up . As far as brightness , I would say it is about as bright as a AA battery flashlight . Everyone should have one for emergency , because it is always ready to go and you do not have to go looking for batterys for it . You have light so you can go looking for a better flashlight :-RRB- I did look around on the auction sites and found one they were selling for a slightly better price . It does make a good gift because people have not seen them before . They are usually real happy and say they will put it in the glovebox or whatever .
 Purchase several of these flashlight for the family cars . you have to shake quite a bit and they do work . Not the brightest light by will do what batteries fail.I will give this idea an A +
 Have this in my bug out bag and have been very pleased with its functioning . I am especially pleased that it does not require batteries and seems to hold a shake charge quite well
 This is a GREAT tool to have when the power goes out and you do n't know where your regular flashlight is and if you do find it your batteries are dead !!
 very handy for emergency equipment or BOB . its no spot light but it is what it is . . everyone should have one
 Great bit -LRB- Milwaukee 48-23-7408 7/8 by 2-3/16 - Inch Rounding Router Bit with 1/4-Inch Shank -RRB- for the Amazon price . I put it to work as soon as it arrived on a current project I had in the shop -LRB- and it arrived promptly I might add -RRB- . The cut was clean and crisp on the western cedar material I was using and surpassed all my expectations . No issues as of yet with the bit and at that great price I will buy it again .
 I did a bunch of research before purchasing this . I do n't notice much difference in my skin or hair , but maybe I did n't have much chlorine in my water beforehand . I needed a new showerhead and wanted a hand-held one with a hose , so figured I might as well buy one with a filter . The showerhead is attractive , easy to install , has great water pressure , and the hose is long enough to easily wash dogs . The only thing I would love to have is an on-off switch for the hose , but otherwise this is ideal .
 Best showers of my life ! Odorless and just `` delicious '' water , recommend to everyone . Excellent quality and so easy to install . Try it ... you 'll like it !!!!!!!!!!
 I 've had my Bostitch Finish nailer since 2006 . Since that time , I 've used it a LOT . It never jams unless you hit a screw under the sheetrock.By virtue of it 's magnesuim housing , the gun is very light and feels good in the hand . I love the angled configuration of the gun . It 's like a mini framing gun and it fits easily into corners and whatnot . I like the fact that you do not have to oil this gun . No oil on the finish trim and no upkeep to worry about.The nails hold like crazy and are very tough to remove if you make a mistake . If a mistake is made , it 's best to pull off the work , pulling the nail through . Pull the nail with vise-grips and then try again.The gun does have some neagtives though . This unit is touchy and sensative to air pressure vairations . It takes a bit of trial and error to get it to sink the nails at the depth you want , and that depth will vary with changes in air pressure . If it leaves a nail too high , they are nearly impossible to sink by hand with a hammer and nailset . The nails have no pocket on the head for a nailset , so it WILL slip off when you hit it and booger up your trim.Over all , I have been very satisified with this gun and would recommend it to anyone .
 The features are great , and stupid little things like a pencil sharpener and a blower that works at the pinpoint actually make a difference in workflow . Even though it is relatively large compared to other brands , it has never gotten in the way of the project . I did have some off-brand nails jam , though they might have been poor quality , as that is all the store had left at the time . Other non-stanley brands might work fine if they are of similar quality . My only real problem with the tool itself is the mark on the rubber foot does not line up at all with the nailpoint , though I have never owned a gun that was accurate by any brand .
 Very Light weight a A + + on the build Quality works perfectly Easy to Load Love the LED Light and the burst of Air that can be used to clear away any Saw dust from the area to be nailed . Loads of adjustments and safety features . By far the best nail gun I own . Lots better than Sears and the other 2 brands I own . If you need a 1/12 &#34; to 2 1/2 &#34; nail gun this is THE ONE TO BUY and what 's even better is the price
 I was installing tongue and groove in my house and needed a little help and this machine was more than I expected , I would diffinitely recommend this product
 This finnish stapler is the perfect tool for appling carsiding to a wall , the 2.5 in angled gun allows me to hide the staples in the grooves in the 1 X 8 siding .
 the gun had a nice surprise of a light on it aiming at what you are nailing . it performs well and is nice and light .
 Ireceived the Stanley Bostitch Nailer , and i am very satisfied with it 's prefermance . I installed some moulding with it . It sure made it a lot easier . did n't even have to set the nails , it set them all in one process . I would reccomend the N62Fnk-2 nailer to anyone . I would give a 5 STAR Rating.Stanley Bostitch N62FNK-2 15-Gauge 1-Inch to 2-1/2 - Inch Angled Finish Nailer
 I researched a lot of nailers ; Max , PortaCable , DeWalt , Makita , Hitachi , Senco and Bostitch.They all have different strong points and from reviews I 've read , they 're all pretty good . I boiled it down to personal preference . I looked at what features I really wanted and the ones that I could do without along with the compromises I could live with.I was concerned by a previous post regarding breaking the driver if you inadvertently hit a buried solid object , ie . screw or nail etc. I spoke with a Senco rep who said that when they redesigned the 41xp the engineer turned the driver rod around which made it a little more resistant to breakage and during test fires he 's hit previously driven nails without incident although he did say it 's something that can happen but they do n't see a lot of it.I contacted Bostitch regarding their driver . They stated it was made from S7 tool steel and they have n't heard of any problems.I narrowed my choice to oiless of which there are only 2 ; Senco and Bostitch . If I did n't mind getting an oil version I 'd get the Hitachi . I also wanted a light gun , Bostich is the lightest.So far so good ! I love the nailer , especially the lack of weight . It 's well balanced and has a lot of power . The fine setting adjustment on the nose is unmarked as to which way you turn it to sink a nail deeper or more shallow . The direction of rotation is shown in the user manual . Just think of it the way you tighten or loosen screws . Clockwise - deeper etc.The no-mar pad is black , I 'd rather it be clear but I 've developed a habit and ability to sight through the hole and position it in the right place.It has good safety features , is well constructed and for the price I think it 's a good deal . It 's also made in U.S.A. the Senco is made in Taiwan .
 I recently purchased the Bostitch N62FNK finish nailer -LRB- ... -RRB- , for use in several remodeling projects.I found the Bostitch to be a very refined , light and powerful nailer . Using it to put crown moldings overhead - it is light weight and agile , easily getting into tight corners and angles . You can sense the quality of the design and manufacture with the ease that nail strips are loaded , how well balanced it feels in your hand and in the consistancy that it sinks nail after nail in nearly any type wood . I have shot several thousand nails without a misfire or jam.Amazon had the best bottem line price I could find and delivered on time in excellent condition.Regarding nail availability , I have had no problem purchasing nails -LRB- Lowes , Home Depot , etc. -RRB- , the only issue is the quantities of 2500 - 3600 nails per box do not accomodate small projects .
 This finish nailer is just perfect . We have used it for over two years now in the finish carpentry field , have gone through well over a hundred boxes of various length nails , without a breakdown or rebuild.It has paid for itself over and over . I highly recomend this gun for the professional , do-it-yourselfer , and homeowner .
 Thats what I thought when I picked this tool up ! Unbelievably light weight and well balanced and when the Bostitch guy fired this thing into a small piece of wood with a cynder block underneath I was sold ! That 's something my Senco would never be able to handle ! Needless to say my Senco is now a nice trot line anchor ! Great job Bostitch !
 This gun is 6 stars but five is all that 's available
 I received this nailer for Father `` a Day . I work with oak lumber primarily so I had some concerns . I stacked 3 pieces of 3/4 inch oak on top of one another and this thing countersunk a 2 '' nail in them , needless to say it 's up to the task . Also very lightweight .
 Overall it is a great tool . It is extremely light and has plenty of power . The only complaint is that the magazine is very difficult to load and the nail clips are very short . This gun takes twice as long to load nails as most other angled finish nailers
 Seems after reading the reveiws a few complain of broken drivers . This it seems goes with the nature of the beast having more power than most nailers and a third more than the older models . If you hit a screw -LRB- which happens quite often every day -RRB- to me , chances are it might break . I 'm a trim carpenter by trade , own 3 of this model and would n't even consider another . Show me a gun that can shoot flex to flex mouldings and still sink the head ? I live with this gun day in and day out and shoot about 800 nails a day and no problems unless I hit steel . Yes , I 've broken my share of drivers , just broke one yesterday on a gun for the fifth time after over a million plus nails , other guns have also broken drivers hitting screws or tecos or hurricane straps . They 've been beat to hell , dropped off scaffolds to 20 feet and kept ticking with no other problems , PC 's are heavy , do n't have the power and the DA nails leave a big hole . I 'd continue to buy them as long as there made.Joseph Humel
 This is my first air nailer and bought it to install 3000 sq ft of tongue and groove paneling . After shooting 6,000 nails , I find this gun to be outstanding . I recall only one misfire and I 'm not sure if it was the gun or me . I have never gotten tired from handling it , and it has performed near flawlessly . My only suggestion to Bostitch is to incorporate a lock-out for when you run out of nails . Several times I found myself empty after thinking I 've driven 5 or 6 nails . My fault . I now own 5 nailers of different types and this one is the one I would recommend , hands down , as a finish nailer . If you want power , this baby has it . I drove nails through hard spots in ash and oak . Completely seated . This is the one ! Thanks Bostitch !
 Just purchased another for my Dad . I bought mine three months ago . Arrived on a Friday and by Monday I had installed 5,000 linear feet of baseboard , door and crown moulding . No jams , no drips , no runs and no errors.If you are new to air tools , or just nail guns , here 's some hard learned advice for you . Do n't buy off brand nails , hoses , connectors , etc and try to save a few dollars . You will regret it and probably wind up spending more than if you had bought the quality item in the first place . Nowhere more so than the world of tools is the old addage `` you get what you pay for '' true . Also , use the 50 % rule when selecting a compressor . Buying one that is JUST enough to run the tool you are using will not only shorten the compressor 's life and servicability , it will frustrate you and leave you with a bad impression of the compressor or tool because your compressor is running almost constantly . So , do some research and buy a compressor at least 50 % more capacity than what you think the minimum is . I 'm running this nailer with a 5 HP 25 gallon compressor and it only kicks on every 75 nailings or so . My neighbor has a 2.5 HP 4 gallon dual tank that kicked on every 5th to 6th nailing when he borrowed my nailer . The cost difference is minimal , but the overall satisfaction at the end of the day is worth a ton.Back to the nailer . To date , over 10,000 nailings and still NO JAMS . It 's light weight , easy to get into tight spots and with a little practice you can get good enough to paint you moulding prior to install since this gun will not mar the surface or leave oil marks . It 's a whole lot easier to paint several thousand feet of moulding on a set of sawhorses in the shop than it is once it 's installed 2 feet over your head . Just use some white putty to fill the very discrete nail holes and you 're done.PROS : * Oil free -LRB- Very big plus -RRB- * Lightweight and sturdy * Virtually maintenance free * No tool needed to set depth * Fits into tight cornersCONS : * Have n't found one yet . Well , maybe they could include an assortment of 4,000 nails instead of only 1,000 that are all one size .
 This is one well-designed tool . Having a nearly identical model number as the nailer available in Canada , I was surprised to find this one -LRB- which I acquired from the U.S. -RRB- superior . The 16 '' measuring device built onto the tool , the pencil sharpener , the dust clearing nozzle , and the light for dark places were all unexpected bonuses . However the best thing about the tool is the flawless manner in which it performs
 I BUILT A LOG CABIN HOME AND USED THIS NAILER EXTENSIVELY . WE USED IT FOR EVERYTHING FROM FLOORS TO WALLS TO FURNITURE . THE NAILER NEVER GAVE ME ANY PROBLEMS AND WAS VERY EASY TO USE . GREAT PRODUCT AND I WOULD RECOMMEND IT . THE NAILER WAS PURCHASED FROM AMAZON AT A EXCELLENT PRICE AND THE SHIPPING WAS EXTREMELY FAST . GREAT JOB AMAZON !
 I 've had this nailer for over a year and I 'm happy with it so far . It is light weight , easy to handle , easy to add nails and change nails . I 'm not a pro so I have n't beat on it . I 've only used on small jobs ; but , have gone through a couple thousand nails of varies sizes without any nail ever getting jammed . All the nails I 've used have been Bostitch brand do n't know if other brands would work . I would buy this product again .
 This is truly a good finish gun . However , where I live it is impossible to buy nails for it any shorter than 2 inches ... no one carries them . Of course , you can buy them online . But if you want to have the convenience of buying them right when you need them , be sure to check your local hardware stores to see if they stock the nails . I am sadly going to have to return this gun and buy something different .
 Nailer has worked flawlessly thus far . Using it to install Hardiplank . Easy to load and to use . Lightweight . Amazon 's price made the nailer cheaper than an off brand .
 I 've only used a few nail guns , borrowed from professionals I know , so they were top notch . This is the easiest loading and lightest gun I have used with a very wide range of nails . I would recommend this gun to anyone , including my professional friends .
 This product is very lite but sturdy . It never misses a beat . Best warranty in the business too ! The only thing I would change is the way the nails are loaded . That being said I would buy another just like it if something happened to this one !!!!
 Used nailer as soon as I received it . Works great , I always have good luck with Bostitch tools and the price from Amazon . com was unbeatable .
 Purchased this nailer to help install hardwood flooring . The 15 guage nails are important since they hold much better than the lighter 16 and 18 guage . I also own a Porter Cable 18 guage finish nailer and a brad nailler.The performance of this finish nailer was outstanding - and it is by far the lightest weight tool I own . All of the nails -LRB- regardless of the angle -RRB- easily counter sunk themselves below surface of the oak flooring for easy filling.If you are interested in a very good finish nail gun - I would highly recommend this model .
 This tool is so light it 's amazing , yet it has the power to bury 8D 's into oak ! I used to have a Porter Cable but it was just too big to access tight areas and the quality is no where near this tool . If you want to own the Porsche of finish nailers , this is the finish nailer you need ... it 's almost as pretty too .
 This nailer is wonderful . It is very simple to use , and works perfectly every time . The light weight makes it very easy to use , but you still get tons of power . As for the having to buy nails in bulk ... Well for seventeen dollars you can get a box of 3500 bostich brand nails sooo to me I do n't see the problem . If you are a light user just buy 3 different sizes and you will always have enough for your friends and family to use . And believe me after they use this nailer they will want to borrow it . I have completed many different projects with this nailer so far . . Have not had any problems with the nailer . . and have saved myself tons of time ...
 This is my second -LRB- I dropped the first one from 30 feet -RRB- N62 . I loved my first one . It performed well for the 4 months I owned it . I purchased the Bostich to replace a Senco that I had many problems with . I especially appreciate the light weight and durability ... yes , durability !! The magnesium case and plastic magazine performed without a flaw -LRB- although I was a bit skeptical at first -RRB- . The nails sold here on Amazon have worked quite well . I have used 1.5 '' , 2.0 '' & 2.5 '' and they are less expensive that the lumber yard and the home stores.I would recommend this unit to anyone interested in a 15 GA nailer .
 Researched this to death and bought this model at a Bostitch tool show at local building supply . Wanted this model because it was what local finish contractors had recommended and were using . Bought it when I found it at trade show price . Have n't regretted it once . It 's all the pros said it would be .
 Was a lemming on this item and went with it based on all the positive reviews . Just finished an entire house with new base and crown - not one misfire or jam . That 's unbelievable and I 'll take it . It 's great for casing and other finishing work also . This is my first `` angle '' nailer and I much prefer it to the ordinary straight body - the angle allows for much more adaptability in tight spots . Fits well in your hand , it 's light , and it 's a keeper .
 This is so light that it seems impossible to have the power that it does . At 100 psi it will slam nails of any length up to 2.5 '' at any sink depth you want in any kind of wood I 've found . No oil to forget about so no stains and no regrets for forgetting to oil . With my oilless compressor and this I can be sure that I wo n't have those ugly oil blotches in my finish , which can ruin a while job . I really like the bypass loading mechanisim on this and also the quick release of mechanisim without tools to clean and clear jams -LRB- no jams yet for me though -RRB- . If nail availability is a problem just order a bunch and keep them handy , in fact order online and you 'll skip an extra trip to the store . This is a great machine , new to me so I ca n't speak to long term reliability yet , but all the indications are good and the power is huge , yet so light .
 I have used this finish nailer extensively while building a 24 x 40 foot RV cover and while remoulding two houses . This nailer has never failed to fire when needed . It has never jammed either while using it with a campbell hausfield air comp . I run the nailer at 80 pounds with great results . I have just finished remolding my daughters house and shoot an entire box of nails with no problems . I use factury nails 2 1/2 '' and 2 '' long .
 I am finishing a cottage , and have about 1600 square feet of Brazilian Cherry flooring to install . I am a hobbying , not a professional . I had previously done a Brazilian Cherry floor , about 1000 sq ft. I used a Porta Nailer , and for the rows close to the walls , I pre-drilled and used finishing nails , hammer , and a nail set . VERY TIME CONSUMING!I searched for a better way . I came upon 15 G finish nailers . I researched many of the different brands , and decided that I wanted either the Hitachi -LRB- gets rave reviews -RRB- , the Senco -LRB- oil free -RRB- , or the Bostitch -LRB- oil free , and the lightest one on the market -RRB- . I settled on the Bostitch for a few reasons . First , its oil free , a no brainer , which I like . Second , it is the lightest . Last , it has an adjustable exhaust , so you do n't have to get blasted n the face.Much to my delight , it shoots like a freakin ' cannon , plenty of power to face nail AND countersink into Brazilian Cherry . Brazilian Cherry is about 3 times harder than oak or maple , and is very unforgiving . The Bostitch has plenty of power to get thru . Also , it comes with several different Pads or feet . They are specifically designed for nailing different contours , including one for nailing tongue and groove flooring ! This baby was able to shoot the nail into the tongue , at an angle , burying the nail below the surface , the same as you would with a Porta Nailer , with a fraction of the effort ! Bye Bye Porta Nailer!This thing is a life saver for anyone doing hardwood flooring , particularly the exotics that are super hard . Worth every penny I spent.I only bought it today , and it has worked fine . I noticed others complaining about it breaking down after time , and I co n't comment on that . Super nailer so far ! This will make my flooring job go MUCH faster !
 Bought my nail gun about 2 yrs ago . Have driven many 2 1/2 in nails in oak , maple , cherry and pine and never had a misfire or jam once . Like this gun so much I bought one for my father-in-law for christmas . And yes I like him . Would recommend this finish nailer to anyone .
 What a Gun ! I love the feel and lightness , It weighs just about nothing . Never has to be oiled either !! Something I never remember to do when on the job anyway.I love it , works great and has plenty of power to drive nails home in all the hardwoods.The depth of drive adjustment is killer ! Easy to use , I like finish work even more now that I own this gun.The only drawback is that it ships with a single action trigger , no bump-fire but , I got over that minor problem in a hurry . This is the best finish gun made period ! Buy it !
 Bostitch N62FNK-2 worked out really well for me . I purchased this to install 154 sq ft of Bamboo hardwood floor . My first attempt , and it worked better then I thought , the rubber caps -LRB- profile tips -RRB- on the nail head put the nails right in the groove . I was going to rent a nailer and that was a hassle so I needed nailer anyways and it work perfectly for this tongue and groove installation . This is a well thought out product , I highly recommend it .
 This is another great product put out by BOSTITCH ! This gun has fired consistantly for me with no problems at all . I find that the features make this tool easy to work with and make on the job adjustments easy . The depth adjustment takes the frustration out of playing with your air pressure to get the correct depth as done with older tools . GREAT Product ! Buy it , you will not be disappointed !
 I rec 'd the finish nailer right on time . The box was n't packed very well and the extra nails that came with it were scattered all over the place -LRB- inside of the case -RRB- . I have been using the nailer now for a couple of weeks and it works great . Very powerful . The only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars is due to the condition of the package upon arrival . Luckily the contents did n't have any damage but the packing was done poorly . I was n't sure if the nailer was new due to the cardboard around the case looked like it had slid across the floor several times , worn out in sections . The gun was new though .
 This Bostich finish nailer is perfect for the small jobs I have been doing on a new house . Chair rail and wainscoting installations are a breeze with this great tool . Highly recommended . I am using my own air source and it works perfectly .
 I 've had one for about 3 years . It works well the vast majority of the time . I use it weekly , and enjoy it very much.There are two minor annoyances :1 . The nailer jams once or twice almost every session of use . That probably averages to one jam every 75 or so shots . The jams are not difficult to clear , but sometimes result in marring my work .2 . The tool puts a dent in the wood beside the nail unless I hold it in a particular way . I have looked for the cause and played with the depth adjustment , but to no avail . The problem is minor , but I wish I did n't have to remember to tweak it just right before I pull the trigger.This is the only finish nailer I 've ever owned , so I do n't know if level of trouble is normal for them . In any case , I am glad I own the tool .
 I bought this gun sight unseen -LRB- usually I go `` touch '' tools at the H -- D -- first , but they did n't have one -RRB- and am so far very pleased . When I took it out of the box , the first thing I noticed was how light it is . It 's amazing . Here 's my comments : - The nail magazine is plastic and the housing is magnesium making this thing feel like a toy in your hand . I 'm still a little skeptical about the plastic magazine and wonder if it would withstand the daily pounding of professional use -LRB- I 'm only a heavy duty homeowner -RRB- . The good : - The oil free engine is fantastic . No oil on your work and no need to remember to oil it . - Easy to use and maintain . - Pretty much jam free -LRB- I 've shot plenty of nails through it already -RRB- . - VERY light.The bad : - Only shoots Stanley nails -LRB- PC and Senco shoot a different type of nail -RRB- . Not a problem as I see it - -LSB- One home improvement store -RSB- sells them in boxes of 5000 -LRB- PC sells their nails in boxes of 1000 -RRB- . - Plastic magazine - Not sure how long it will last .
 I have been shopping for a 15 or 16 gauge finish nailer for about six months . This Bostitch is the only 15 gauge angled nailer that I have found to be priced in the straight 16 gauge price range.This is the best 15 gauge gun at any price . Just hold this gun in your hand and you will be convinced that you ca n't buy a better gun , period.I had narrowed my choices down to the Bostitch , Porter-Cable and the new DeWalt.The PC was nice , the price was right and I have had great success with my PC 18 gauge brad nailer , but the 15 gauge PC was way too heavy . Almost twice the weight of the Bostitch.The DeWalt fit my small hands like a glove , was very light weight and within my budget -LRB- if I stayed with the straight nailer vs the angled model -RRB- . However , I shyed away from the DeWalt models because the contact trip assembly had too many bends which did n't seem to operate as smoothly as the PC and Bostitch . The display model at a local hardware store already looked like it was on the verge of having problems . I 'm not hard on my tools , but one nasty bump , or a fall off of the workbench and you might be out of business.Finally the Bostitch!At less than 4 lbs . it 's the lightest in it 's class , yet still packs the biggest punch of them all ! 400 in . / lbs . It only weighs about 1 lb . more than by Porter-Cable brad nailer.The finish and quality are second to none . It just plain ol' feels good in your hand . It 's balanced so well it feels like an extension of your hand.I am on a major budget -LRB- per the wife -RRB- , but this gun is definitely worth every penny of the MSRP of $ ... . So why is it selling for only $ ... ? Either A -RRB- it 's a `` typo '' , or B -RRB- Amazon and/or Bostitch has gone loco . Whatever the reason , my advice is buy this nailer before they discover that they are practically giving it away . I 'm sure this gun will be the standard by which all other finish nailers will be measured against . You will not regret this purchase ! `` TEN Stars ... Final answer '' !
 I am in the process of remodeling my `` old '' house . The walls are plaster which have become very brittle and delicate over the years . Hammering to install new molding was out of the question . I needed a gun that was light , powerful , easy to operate , and did n't require oiling so as not to make a mess in my home.I purchased the Bostitch N62FNK-2 nailer -LRB- my first nailer -RRB- based on the customer reviews and manufacturer information . This gun is absolutely amazing ! It delivered everything I wanted in a nailer . I saved money because I did n't damage any of the existing plaster walls , all nails held firmly the first shot ... hammering would have been a nightmare !! I was a little apprehensive about using a nail gun since I had never owned one before . It was so easy and so fast !! My only improvement idea would be that the manufacturer offer variety nail packs , so you do n't have to buy such large quantities of only one size nail ... BUT ... Have No fear ... Go for it ... perhaps the best tool I have ever owned !
 I am a cabinet maker , and have been for more then 20 years , I bought a new bostitch T-36 finish nailer in 1983 , to this day that gun has never failed to work , it has never been to a shop for repairs , of any kind . And I am very demanding of my tools , but I also take real good care of them and I do all of my own maintenance on my tools . I bought the new N62FNK-2 a few months ago because of carpo tunnel in my hands , and I needed a lighter gun to work with . All I can say is it is the best finish nailer to date that I have ever used , some of the things I really like about the N62 is it has low recoil in my hands when I shoot a nail , and the weight of the gun , and the balance , it 's just perfect . when I 'm shooting face frames on cabinet boxes the rubber nose really helps to stabilize the gun . I also like the power that it has , I can shoot a 2 1/2 '' nail thru 2 1/4 '' of solid oak and counter sink it a 1/6 '' at only 80lbs of air , and at a low counter sink setting using a 25 ' hose , so just think what you could do at 100lbs of air and a heavy counter sink setting , big oak crown mouldings , casings , it 's endless what you could do . And for those who say they ca n't find an asortment of nails for the N62 , I can tell you I have not had any problem finding and buying 1 '' all the way up to 2 1/2 '' nails for my gun . For me , it 's the only finish nailer to have , and over the years I have used alot of different finish nailers out there , because most of my friends are contractors to . So I will keep my T-36 for shop backup , but with my new N62FNK I do n't think I will ever need to use it . Thank you bostitch , you have done real good with this one .
 I just bought this as my first nailer . Overall , it 's great . The design , operation , and fact that it 's oil-less make it super simple to use . My first trim project would have taken forever if I had to nail it by hand , thankfully I did n't , I had the Bostitch N62!The only reason I did n't give it 5-stars is I was dissappointed to find that you can only buy FN-style nails in quantities suitable for contractors . Bostitch needs to get with the times and realize that air tools are not just for the trades , but serious enthusiasts as well . The competition is ahead of the game in this respect .
 Wow ! This nailer is so light I thought it was fake ! Despite the lightweight , it packs a serious punch . Oak over oak is no problem . The store even said it would drive through concrete . It smokes my Senco tools . It is so much lighter , and so much more powerful . I used to have 12 Senco 's but now I am going to switch all the crew over to this nailer .
 Some reviewers said their N62FNK jammed and downrated the tool as a result . Their tool 's problem may be the brand of nails being used . I own the previous version of this nailer -LRB- N60FN -RRB- and after purchasing B&C nails from Amazon , the gun started to jam frequently.The problem was , the B&C nail strips were glued at a slightly different angle than the gun required . I noticed this when the nosepiece was opened to clear the jam , and found that the next nail was not fully flush with the front of the gun -LRB- either the nail head or pointed end was too far back -- do n't remember which -RRB- . I loaded some Bostitch brand nails and the `` next nail '' was perfectly flush with the front of the gun.If your Bostitch nailer jams , lay a nailstrip of what you are using next to a nailstrip of the Bostitch brand nails sold for this gun . -LRB- Alternatively , open the nosetip to see if the next nail 's head and pointed end are perfectly flush with the nose piece . -RRB- If the two nailstrips are not at the identical angle , switch to Bostitch nails . After changing exclusively to Bostitch brand nails , my N60FN did n't jam again .
 Well , as usual I was a bit pessimistic about all the hype around this gun . The oil-free engine is a long awaited modification as well as using a sweet Magnesium body , the shock damping traits of magnesium make it a great material to make a pneumatics out of , not to mention the weight savings . The balance is superb and the latch that allows the entire magazine to slide backward , enabling jammed nails to fall out , Brilliant ! God job on this one guys you really hit on the head
 I had been researching the purchase of a finish nailer to complete of my selection of air nailers for my home shop -LRB- semi pro -RRB- . Based on my duty cycle requirements and relatively low cost , as well as experience with , I was leaning toward the Porter Cable -LRB- I own a PC framer and brad -RRB- , but after reading several reviews and actually comparing the Bostitch to the Porter Cable up close and personal , it was a no brainer . The Bostitch is so light , compact , so powerful , NO OIL , tooless maintenance . It comes with a nice case -LRB- big deal which many people over look -RRB- . The tool has performed flawlessly . It cost more than the PC but was worth every cent times 10
 the nails are 3X cheaper for the same amout of nails as buying 3 1000 nail boxes for other nailers compared 1 box of 3,500 nails for this nailer .
 This is a great nail gun . My only complaint is that it did n't come with the rapid-fire triggering mechanism . Other than that , really a great nailgun . My most used nailgun to date .
 Heya , great product . Very handy . Have n't had any problems apart from a couple of jams , but that is not unusual with any other gun . Definately recommend this as Bostitch is a very good quality brand .
 This gun is very well made , lightweight and performs great . Has multiple tips for different nailing jobs . Well worth the price !
 I have n't actually used this one yet but am eagerly waiting for my next purchase opportunity . My wife convinced me to attempt crowm molding in 2 bedrooms . I hammered by hand on the first one . Not a fun time ! So I went to my local ready-rent and asked for a finish nailer . Having never used air-powered tools before I was pretty clueless . The guy gave me a Bostich that I believe was the immediate predecessor of this model . After one shot , I was absolutley hooked !!! I 'll never hammer by hand again ! I 'm now shopping for my own gun and it 's obvious that this is the one that I want.My only gripe is what has been voiced in a couple of other reviews . I was only doing two 10X12 bedrooms but could only buy nails in huge bulks of 3500 . Double bad because I wanted to use 2 different size nails on this project , one for the nailer blocks , and one for the molding . Did n't want to blow that much money on such a small scale project so ended up going with one box of the larger size . All the other nailer brands supplied nails in smaller quantities . I hope Bostich clues in to the needs of the homeowner do-it-yourselfer rather than assuming that all their customers are contractors shooting tens of thousands of nails per yer .
 I purchased this nailer to face nail my first few rows of Hardwood floor during installation . I purchased a Makita air compressor -LRB- Hot Dog -RRB- , Bostitch N62FNK-2 Finish nailer and a MIIIFS Floor stapler from Amazon.com . With 10 % off it was a great deal . Air compressor , Nailer and stapler work great together . The nailer comes with 1440 2 '' nails . It works great . No jams and dispenses cleanly till the last nail in the magazine . Depth control Nut is not that effective but I used Air pressure to control depth . It worked . Overall , great tool .
 This makes finish nailing a delight ! Very easily adjustable for various wood types and even better , very very light . I have repetitive strain injury so hammering is a real painful ordeal for me . This removes that obstacle and is light enough to work with all day long .
 I used the N62FNK for molding , and to make a custom railing for a deck . After about 5,000 nails , I have yet to have a jam . This nailer is powerful and well made . Very nicely balanced , light weight , and a pleasure to use . The oiless system does n't leave an oil stain on the wood either , another plus .
 I purchased this gun and i love it . It has a great feel due to its light weight . When you use this gun you will know that bostich has done their homework on this one . It has all of the features i could ask for and for a great price . As for finding nails forthe nailer my local lowes or home depot has all various sizes but only in quanities of 3500 . I dont really mind it at all ill have plenty for other projects .
 I am a carpenter and I own 4 trim guns . One is a porter cable and the rest are bostitch . The porter cable was good for 6months than started jamming and not sinking nails . My oldest is an older model bostitch and never had any trouble . Ihave 2 n62 that hardly ever jam and allways sinks every nail . It is only about 4lbs and is very durable .
 The product is what I needed to extend fan down from ceiling . I purchased a Tommy Bahamas fan for my screened porch but needed a rod longer than the 2 that came with it -LRB- 4 '' and 18 '' -RRB- . It was difficult to locate . I had trouble finding it with the literature that came with the fan . I had to do some research to find out it was actually an Emerson fan and locate what i needed that way . Easy purchase through Amazon though .
 This is a great saw for for small cutting jobs . I feel that I have more control and get more presice cuts with this saw than with the typical larger size dovetail saw . It has a good balance to it . I find the quality to be excellent and the hole in the blade is great for hanging it up .
 This is a great product . Instead of using the unpopopular and far less powerful AAA batteries , this one uses two AAs . I have rechargeable batteries in mine and it works great.A super product which preserves your night vision . It really does . I even use it when I am letting the dog go out in the back yard in the middle of the night . This concept of using a red light so as not to reduce one 's night vision is real .
 I love this flashlight ! I am an amateur astronomer and use this for observing . It has been a great tool . I find it a little too bright for reading star maps ; I will be searching for an object on the map with the flashlight , turn the flashlight off , and not be able to see my scope for a few seconds . But it works perfectly for finding your way around an obvserving field .
 Great flashlight if you want to see your way on the ground without ruining your night vision for things above , in the skies at night . Sturdily built , too .
 I bought this as a sleep aid -- the premise being that bright lights make people want to stay up , so if you read with red light , you will have an easier time getting to bed . Same premise with trips to the bathroom at night -- bright regular light interrupts your production of melatonin , whereas red light does n't , so you sleep better.I have not used the flashlight that much , but it arrived timely , batteries worked , it looks like the picture , not too heavy , and it turns on very easily -- you punch the little button on the flashlight rather than turning the seal around the glass . So far it seems very hardy . It is a very red light . A little Satanic . It is definitely enough light to read in a pitch black room , even if you are reading a large book , if that is what you are attempting to do.In terms of using it for some larger project , like being out at night camping or something , I would think you might want a larger light .
 I bought this tool for my son for our last hunting trip . Being this is his first multitool I wanted to make sure he liked the concept before buying a high priced tool . It is a great tool for the price . He loved it . I am now shopping for another Gerber brand tool from Amazon .
 I like this tool a lot . Although a bit heavy and large , it is very good quality for the price . I am also particularly fond of my Winchester knives .
 This is a nice large tool . Too many options to list with everything you need in a pocket size tool box.I bought 6 for Holiday Gifts .
 sent this as a gift , arrived fast and the product is of fine quality.With the name &#34; Winchester &#34; I would not expect anything different .
 about 5 x 1.5 x 1 inches folded . nice large multi tool . you can have a good grip . it has stainless engraved on it . knife is sharp . not an everyday tool , but would be nice to have on with you when you need it . for less than 20 $ , mine was 13 $ plus shipping , a very good value indeed . i 'm sure there are nicer ones out there but would cost 5x more . in my case , i have tool box for the big jobs.for those times in the car or whatever , its nice to have it .
 Keep something like this in you car at all times . To me it 's not worth buying a fancy and expensive one , it 's a multitool , it 's not meant to be professional grade just to come handy the rare times you will unexpectedly need some tool .
 This product is great . It 's a little heavy when worn on belt , but still a great tool .
 well built multiitool that has some heft to it i 've found many everyday uses for this product good value good price .
 This block easily negotiates the corners and round areas . The Stikit sand paper is really great too - does n't clog and takes the wood off . But you can even use normal sand paper with some creativity and some tape . I taped the ends of some 600 grit paper where it attaches inside round part of the block and on top of the back end of the block . It worked great.I ca n't praise this little sanding block enough . Highly recommended ! Get two , like I did , so you do n't have to change paper all the time . You do n't need to change the Stikit paper often , as it really hold up .
 3M ABRASIVES 051144-16287 `` STIKIT '' PAPER REFILL ROLL 415U 2-1/2 `` x55 '' - GRADE 100I live in England where we are unable to purchase this sanding block so on a recent visit to America I ordered several of these blocks and the requisite refill rolls to bring back for my bookbinder colleagues and they are very happy as it is a very ergonomic and economic tool .
 This item
 The Grip-Tite is a unique 6-point socket with long rectangular metal pins held in place in each corner of the socket by a plastic retainer anchored at the base of the socket 's inner wall . Under load it looks as if the pins are designed to slide a little and be forced inward against the flats of the fastener , so stripping does not seem likely at all.The set has 7 standard socket in the range 3/8 - 3/4 '' x 1/16 '' , and 8 deep sockets in the range 3/8 - 13/16 '' x 1/16 '' . I did n't really want the quick release ratchet and extension bar that came with the set since like probably most people that would buy this set , I already have plenty of drive tools , and I prefer American tools where available to Taiwan ones . However , I wanted the deep sockets and this set is the only way to buy them at the moment . I would have preferred that more Grip-Tite sockets were in the set instead of redundant drive tools that raise the price of the set but do n't add any functionality for me.Some of the sockets are ` double duty ' in that they are offered as SAE-metric equivalents , e.g. 3/4 '' and 19mm . In general I do n't like this kind of tool because in some cases the match is not as good as you might like , and when I am working I usually need either SAE or metric , but not both . It would have been better to have entirely separate SAE and metric sets . A metric set in standard depth that fills in the gaps in the metric sizes not covered by this set is available . Apparently no deep metric sockets are offered though , except for the double-duty deep sockets in this set.In an initial test of all the sockets , they performed as advertised . They held fasteners on removal without dropping them at all , even when I shook the sockets to test their holding power , and similarly they held fasteners inserted into them just as well during installation . The sockets cover American nut and bolt sizes from # 10 to 1/2 '' . I did n't try the sockets on any rounded fasteners , since I did n't have any to try them on at the time.All in all , I am pleased with the set initially . For me it will be a niche tool since I have plenty of conventional sockets , and various extractor sockets as well . I 'll reserve these for their ability to hold onto fasteners , and give them a try with damaged fasteners if my extractor tools wo n't work . With moving metal pins and a plastic retaining device , who knows how well these tools would stand up to regular use and the inevitable abuse . Still , the tools do seem well made.Hopefully if the tools are a success , the socket range will be extended down to cover # 8/32 or # 6/40 fasteners , both of which are common machine screw sizes , and upwards from the 3/4 '' -19 mm sockets . Some sets are now in Sears and other stores , so if they sell well maybe we will see 1/4 '' or 1/2 '' sets , and metric deep sockets as well .
 The sockets work fantastic . I had several lug nuts on my car that were over-tightened when new tires were installed . When I tried to remove them to rotate my tires they completely rounded over . I used Grip-Tite 3/4 '' deep socket and wratchet handle to try to remove the lug nuts . The wratchet handle was not strong enough . It kept slipping . The drive size of the Grip-Tite sockets is 3/8 '' , so I tried using a 3/8 '' drive breaker-bar -LRB- not included in the set -RRB- . There simply was not enough leverage to loosen the lug nuts . I then used an adapter drive -LRB- 3/8 '' to 1/2 `` drive -RRB- -LRB- not included in the set -RRB- in order to use my 1/2 '' drive breaker bar . This worked fantastic . I got all the lug nuts off easily .
 I bought this set to remove a bolt with a rounded off head on my miter saw when I could n't get the craftsman bolt-out set to work with the left-handed threads . It works exactly as advertised .
 I have a 92 Honda Accord and I had diagnozed that the EGR valve was causing my engine check light to glow . I tried to remove the two 12mm nuts on the valve with a conventional socket and rounded off both hexagons . What to do ! I purchased the Metric Grip-Tite set hoping this would work . The sockets have a 3/8 '' drive , so I used a 1/2 '' adaptor to provide more leverage . The sockets worked great and removed both nuts with no problem.The reason I only gave 4 stars is because the diameter and length of the sockets is slightly larger than conventional sockets . Therefore , they are more difficult to get into and use in tight spaces . I do like the fact that the sockets grip and hold onto the nut . This is very useful when working in hard to reach locations .
 We live on a fault zone and our area has exsperienced a huge earthquake in the past.As well we are prone to tornados.Also we hunt and hike a lot and there have been a couple of times when I was a bit turned around and ended up spending a night in the woods.Because of this I put together an emergency kit just in case the worst happens.Among the items I chose is this tent.It is lightweight enough to carry without noticeing it , in fact you could fit it in a shirt pocket.But if needed it will keep rain/snow/dew off of you in the event you find yourself in need of something overnight to stay in .
 sometimes you just have to sit it out in the &#34; &#34; -LRB- yes , fill in the blank -RRB- , especially when you are travelling.If I have to breakdown , I am glad this is in my motorcycle BOB , it is light , fairly robust , and will definitely keep the weather off of you!If you need an spend an emergency overnight ... this will make you more comfortable !
 I do n't know how well it works but the concept is awsome . I would try it out but it is packed in a compact fashion and I do n't know if I can re-fold it back up that tight . Therefor , it 's in my B.O.B. for emergencies . Small , compact and I like it .
 I like this tent for my survival gear . It 's light and is small enough to fit in my bag . It looks easy enough to set up in an emergency .
 I am very happy with my purchase . It was received promptly and in perfect condition . This faucet was chosen to replace an old faucet and it fit the previous location perfectly
 This template was a replacement for one I damaged -- it was exactly as advertised , well packaged and arrived in a timely manner . dj
 Item arrived as promised . I had to order this to fit the Freud Router based for using a template set I bought . The router base slot where this piece fits has at leaset 1mm of slop which means you must have a centering bit and because it is held in with screws if you bump it to hard you can knock it out of aligment . Also the router nor the adapter come with the screws or washers , so you 'll have to go but them . Too much trouble . Ruin 1 bit and the money saved is gone . I like the Freud Router and it was priced right , but after a the template issue and now the router table , I would have purchased another brand router .
 Product was well designed but the absence of instructions on how to set it up left a lot to the user . Contacted Freud USA and they were very helpful . Apparently this is an issue with many Freud products -- lack of user instructions .
 Even if you do n't plan to use a guide bushing , this insert fills in that gaping hole around all but the largest bits very nicely . It fits snugly -LRB- flange first -RRB- but should be secured with a pair of 10-32 pan head screws for safety - it 'd be nasty if this fell out and became a Hula-Hoop around the spinning bit . The screws are not supplied with this but I had a pair of 1/2 '' long screws that worked fine -LRB- 3/8 '' would be a perfect fit -RRB- . My Rockler 8mm dovetail bushing fit the center hole just right.The case that came with my router -LRB- the kit with the fixed and plunge bases -RRB- has a storage location for this item even though it does n't come with .
 This is to be a well machined part . I am using this with the FT3000 router , and the fit is snug enough on the base that you might be able to use it without screws -LRB- but why push it ? -RRB- . It 's so nice , in fact , that it makes the plastic base surface on the router look kind of cheap . I 'm also using the Rockler guide bushing set with the adapter , and those fit equally snugly in this adapter plate -- so well that the centering tool is n't really needed . The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that I find it mildly irritating that this adapter did n't come with the router . Still , the Amazon price makes it easier to bear .
 I bought my Freud router locally but they did n't have the template guide adaptor plate available and I needed to use an inlay bit for a wood project . This was just what I was looking for .
 Fit my Freud FT 2000 router perfectly . I tightened the bushing with pliers and had no problems with loosening . This is really a no-brainer if you need to do template work with the FT 2000 .
 The product fit easily into the router base and the accepts the template guides . It performs as expected .
 I use these selfeed bits in a B.M. Root Boring Machine and they work fantastic . I have bored through about 1500 2x6 's and the bit has not showed any signs of dulling . The only thing you have to be careful about are the 1 '' bits clog pretty easily . The 1 1/2 '' bits are pretty much self cleaning .
 You can not go wrong with this edge band tape . I use the highest setting on the iron and it lays down easily . DO not move the tape until it cools and trim it with a hand edge trimmer .
 Used to edge band Oak plywood using a standard Iron . Then trimmed with a flush trim bit with a router . Works as advertised .
 This product works really well . It glues on easily and I 've had no problem with it remained glued . You can save some money with buying it in a large roll .
 I was concerned that with a roll this long I would observe and have to work around a lot of seams/splices . Not so , after banding about half of the roll , I 've only observed a couple seams , the rest have been invisible . The length of the roll provides an almost zero-wasted situation -LRB- with much shorter rolls would end up with `` shorts '' that were never used -RRB- , so saving money a couple ways
 Since the collets are difficult to remove from the nut it is easiest to have a nut for each collet .
 This product is well constructed and works just fine in my Freud router . I also ordered a replacement collet nut , so changing out the collets would not be an issue . The only thing to remember is to press the collet into the nut until it `` clicks '' into place . An A + product .
 I own a Freud router and needed this collet in order to use 1/4 '' bits . Works like a champ . It has a tight fit when inserted into the tightening nut and holds the bits strong during use . It shows good craftsmanship in its manufacturing and has withstood hours of use without slippage .
 I used to use the one sided trimmer . It gave terrible results . Now that I use this double edge trimmer , the banding comes out clean and sharp . It does not follow the grain of the banding as most of you may think . Just keep a consistent , snug squeeze and run it in one swift , quick movement . Nice crisp edge . A bit of sanding to break the edge and move on to the next one . This trimmer is worth every penny .
 Couple of things ... trimming blades were mounted backwards and bevel blades will need to be adjusted . Wood grain is almost never straight , trimming both sides at the same time with wodd grain veneers will not happen - at least not with desired results . REmove blades from one side to allow you to squeeze the tool or just use one side of the tool and lay board over a flat surface . Plan on replacing the blades every roll of banding - 250 ' -LRB- wood banding anyway -RRB- . Other than these details , which are minor , it will leave a very nice clean edge with minimal effort especially compared to razor blades and slivvers . If you plan on doing any reasonable amount of banding with out going commercial , I would consider it an essential tool .
 Works great on melamine edge banding . Trimmed flush right out of the package , but took a little adjustment to get a slight bevel . Once the bevel is adjusted , the edge feels very smooth and will not be likely to snag .
 Easy to use . Does a perfect job . Works smoothly and does n't require a lot of strength
 I 've just started building things for the house , and have loved how easy it is to use hardwood plywood . This trimmer makes it easy to put on nice looking matching hardwood edging to my projects , and trim the edging to size in a couple of seconds . Big fan !
 Great little tool . I use a lot of plywood in my little projects . I like to cover the edges with banding and this tool is great for making it look smooth and natural .
 I am not a wood worker , but this did do an exceptable job on end banding some cabinet componets . Helped me get much more of a finished look than I had previously managed on my projects .
 this tool works fine , It is not the most expensive.I have used better , but is a good value for the price .
 I use this tool to trim the edgeband on modular furniture work surfaces , easy to use , low cost and works well .
 I was told I would hate this laminate trimmer . But I really like it . If the blades get glue on them , it does n't work right . Before you replace the blades , clean all the glue off the blades and the unit . The blades dont dull as fast as you might think.After trimming my work , I use a sanding sponge and smooth up the edges .
 When I purchased this router , I was looking for something that I could table-mount which would have the power to swing large raised-panel bits . I own several Freud tools , and have generally found them to be a good value , although some did not initially meet my expectations for quality . These expectations were formed by my positive experience with Freud 's blades and router bits . Freud 's machinery is usually not up to the level of their cutters.After experimenting for some time , I 've found it to be a darn good machine on the table and freehand.This big router is a well crafted machine . It takes some getting-used to , but someone obviously put a great deal of thought into the design . In the Amazon reviews , objections have been centered upon the collet and the springs . Some routers shipped with an undersized Euro collet , which would n't comfortably fit half-inch bits . My collet is like butter - obviously not of the small ones . Half-inch bits fit nicely and lock up tight . I threw out the quarter-inch adapter-see below . While changing bits , there is a collet lock that lets you change out with only one wrench . It 's a much better design than my other pet router , the Porter - Cable 1 1/2 horse , which always makes me cringe at the thought of knicking an expensive cutter with one of the two wrenches required.The plunge springs are a little stiff , and this requires attention on certain cuts . I would n't say the spring pressure is excessive , however . This machine in in the heavyweight class , and the springs are appropriately sized.What sets the Freud apart is the intelligent location of the power switch , the height-adjustment knob , and the plunge lock , which you may hate intitally.The power switch is on the bottom of left handgrip . When things get ugly -LRB- do n't they sometimes ? -RRB- one can turn the ponies off with a flick . It 's convenient , and works well.For table use , the burly height adjustment knob is a God-send , and has a fair amount of utility in other situations . Some competing companies charge twenty-plus bucks for a piece of plastic and a nut . It should be a standard feature on all plunge routers . -LRB- Listen up , Porter-Cable ! -RRB- And the plunge lock , which is bass-ackwards from most routers , allows you to lock up with the strong muscles in your hand . It requires a moment of thought for those accustomed to the other system , but works well after that moment.However , this is not a router for everyone . If you do n't need as many horses in your router as your table saw , or are a beginning woodcrafter , it would probably be best to look at something a bit more sedate . It 's a large machine . The soft-start helps as there is relatively little initial torque , but if your motif is small work , the problem could be too much mass.For bigger stuff , like large moldings , cabinet work , or deep dadoes and rabbets , you ' ll appreciate the reserve power . Get a good set of half-inch bits -LRB- ever seen a quarter inch bit explode ? Get thee behind me ! -RRB- and make some chips . Oak , maple , it cuts right through . It 's well-built . Just remember , BIG .
 A 3 1/4 HP plunge router - at this price point - with the features this one has . It 's like a blue light special!I bought this router approximately 4 years ago because I needed a large plunge router to table mount . The Frued FT2000 seemed to be a logical choice because of the standard features -LRB- especially the extra long height adjustment knob -RRB- and the price.I have never regretted this purchase.During those four years I have built numerous projects using this router . It remains table mounted approximately 95 % of the time and has all the power and adjustment I need to turn even large panel raising bits.I have used this router as a hand held , but it IS large and heavy . While these attributes are actually desirable in a table mounted router -LRB- large mass = reduced vibration -RRB- , they can be tiresome for hand held use.If you are looking for a light weight router for freehand use , look at something smaller . However , if you are looking for a powerful , heavy duty router to table mount , you could pay much more , but . . why would you want to ?
 After looking at many routers , using several , I bought a Freud . For the price , you can not Go Wrong . When it arrived , the Left handle was broken/cracked , but still usable . The next day I called Freud -LRB- not the number in the manual , Use 800-334-4107 -RRB- and they promised to send me a replacement immediately . I can not say how long it will take to get here , I just talked to them an hour ago . Will post parts arrival time when it arrives . Anyway , the soft start is great , and it plows through oak with ease . The collet reducer they ship . . throw it away and buy the 1/4 collet and another nut . The edge guide -LRB- I reviewed it as well -RRB- , do n't waste your money if you are doing precision work , buy a Micro Fence if your budget can afford it . I would buy the router again , but I do n't think I 'll ever need to.Added 5 days later
 I just received my router and I am very pleased with it . I have never owned a plunge and so the weight took some getting used to . When I was shopping for a plunge router all the other 3.25 HP routers were selling for about ... more the the Freud and since I would Freud router bits and the reviews at the time were positive I went for it . Amazon was offering a $ 15 coupon and a free edge guide at the time . So I paid a little of ... I believe . Nice going Amazon and the router is great .
 I 've used my new Freud FT2000 a few times now -LRB- all freehand -RRB- , and can confirm what the others have written . The power that this router has is impressive , but comes at the expense of being a bit heavy . However , I do n't think any other 3 1/4 HP router has overcome that problem either . On the plus side , this heft gives the impression that this router will be in my workshop for many years.My major complaint about this router is the depth-stop mechanism . It has a `` quick-set '' feature that allows you to press a button which releases the threaded stop rod , allowing you to quickly move the rod up and down . Once you release the button , the threads are reengaged and you can then turn the rod to make fine adjustments . The problem is the button that releases the rod , does n't hold the rod well once it is engaged causing your depths to vary after several cuts .
 this purchase was a part replacement for the freud edge banding machine and is a perfect match . if buying this for the same purpose just make sure to keep the deflector from the end of your old one as it is angled and the one you receive with this is straight .
 These knobs are not solid brass knobs , but honestly who would expect solid brass at this price anyway ? I was very pleased with the knobs I received , the finish and quality are excellent , and while not as heavy as a solid brass knob would be , these certainly are not thin hollow knobs that ding easily . I dropped one on the concrete floor when installing them and it did n't dent or mar the finish . If you 're looking to save some money and want a product that does n't look like you were trying to save money , this is it .
 We recently decided to upgrade our cabinet hardware . We checked local retailers for hardware and suffered sticker shock when you figured out how many you need times the cost of one knob . After several trips , I went on Amazon and found these knobs for .97 cents . I was leary that they might not be what I wanted so I ordered a couple . After they arrived I looked them over and put them on the cabinet and realized this was a steal . I decided to go ahead and order enough to complete my project . I like to support local businesses when I can but this vendor made my remodel job cost a whole lot less . They arrived within days and I 'm please with the quality , price and prompt service !
 Knobs were exactly as shown in picture . Solid , sturdy and cheaper than the box stores . They look wonderful on my cabinet !
 Why review a knob on Amazon ? Because changing knobs and face plates in a kitchen or bathroom is the easiest way to give the room a makeover . The knobs I received look exactly like the knob in the picture , so order away with no fears . But enough of reading about knobs -- you 've got some ordering to do !
 The product came promptly and I like it . It was way cheaper than any of the big hardware chains and even one huge lumber and hardware store that caters to contractors . Item has good weight on it so it does not feel or look cheap . One thing I DID NOT like was that it was SMALLER than what the product description states . This is 1 inch in diameter NOT 1 1/4 inches . Other than that I am happy with it .
 I wanted to change out the brass cabinet pulls in my kitchen but it would have cost a small fortune buying them from my local hardware store . I checked on Amazon and there they were ! At 1/3 the cost ! I was very happy with my order . The knobs have a nice weight and feel and do n't look cheap at all . Excellent workmanship . All the knobs were individually wrapped and arrived without dents or scratches . I am very pleased with the updated look in my kitchen and would recommend these knobs to anyone .
 The pictures on the web do n't show the nice definition on these oil-rubbed bronze knobs . It 's a subtle , but nicely brushed finish . The knobs may be hollow , but they feel solid and substantial . My husband had to re-drill the holes in our cabinets because the bolt was a little wider than our old bolts were , but it was no big deal . Every time I pull a drawer open I utter a little ` oh , are n't these nice ' so I 'm obviously very pleased with the product .
 Nice knobs . Good quality and heavy . A couple of them -LRB- 4 of 35 -RRB- came with blemishes in the surface and we installed them on the less noticeable cabinets in the kitchen . Could use a little more quality control .
 These knobs are exactly what I wanted , were shipped quickly , and were the best price I 'd seen yet . The only issue I ran into was that the screws included were n't long enough for my drawer facings . They work fine on the cabinets though and I just used the existing screws for the drawers . Very happy with my purchase .
 These seem like well made metal knobs . They are heavy and well worth the price.I had hoped for more of an antique look , they are almost black .
 These knobs were exactly what I was looking for . They look just like the photo with the oil rubbed bronze finish being subtle and not overstated like some others I 've seen . The copper tone shows through just enough to look authentic . Very happy with them .
 I just got these knobs and loved them ! Shipping was fast -LRB- 3 days -RRB- and they look just like the picture describes , and even better in person ! The bronze is smooth with hints of gold - very beautiful and a quality product . I would recommend these to anyone !
 These cabinet knobs are true to their photo . Rustic with hints of bronze streaks shining through the black . I love them .
 These look great as is , but we chose to shine them up a bit with car wax .
 These are great knobs , exactly what I was looking for . They match the doorknobs I recently purchased on Amazon perfectly .
 This is a good quality piece for your cabinets . It looks good and feels good when used . What more can be said about a KNOB ?
 perfect size and color to replace the chrome ones when we did the redecorating in our bathroom -- lots of browns , copper and rust colors ... . perfect !
 Great quality and it was at a great price . Ca n't ever go wrong with Amerock for hinges , pulls , or handles .
 they do look like the could cost you alot more but the quality really shows after time ... the finish does remove from the knob over time but for me it wasnt a big deal since it was for a basement ... but if you need if for a upscale kitchen i would pass but for a back room or an old drawer its perfect
 My husband and I purchased nobs at one of the home improvement stores and then decided to check out amazon for cheaper nobs that had the brushed look . We saw these at the store but opted for a different type because the ones that looked like these were expensive . When we got these we took the others back to the store . We are so happy to upgrade our brass nobs to these . These give a modern and rustic look . These look great against warm oak woods . Thanks so much !
 This was a nice , inexpensive solution to a couple of doors in a closet . Product looks exactly like the picture .
 I love my new knobs ! They are true to size , and was easily installed . The color was spot on with the description , and they are extremely heavy and durrable quality knobs . I would recommend these to anyone !
 these are a good quality and came packaged beautifully . Easy to install . They have a rich look to them . I recommend them .
 These knobs are a great value when it comes to updating your kitchen ! If you have ever been in the market for kitchen hardware it can get costly . I bought 38 and was able to create a new look for less than $ 50 . What a deal !
 this base is not very high tech , but when i needed to cut at an obscure angle i was able to do it with this base mounted to my router .
 Bought the FT750T with variable speed a month ago . Does a lot more than trim laminate ! Just did a test with some hard maple stock ; had a small scrap left and glued to edge of 5/8 plywood . Next morning mounted a well used harbor freight 1/2 '' trimmer bit on FT750 and set speed to 3 . Cut 3/16 x 5/8 in single pass.Pros Compact well balanced , has a solid well crafted feel , base is excellent for laminate trimming . Variable speed has good range , low to no vibration.Cons
 This adhesive tape works soooo well . Much more economical to use this tape with a tape gun than to keep buying the little dotty tape dispensers . The tape gun is worth the investment , if you are really into card making and other paper crafting .
 Great product , great service ... arrived as expected . I have been using this product for my photo canvas business -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- to put a nice dust cover on the back of the framed canvas ' .
 I use this product without the dispenser . It seals paper on the back of the frames and is a good product .
 I purchased this along with the ATG dispenser primarily for use in mounting flat paper for stationery projects . However , the first project I tackled with it was a set of paper chains -LRB- like elementary school students make -RRB- made with glittery scrapbook paper . The chains went together easily and quickly , but almost as soon as I hung them , the links started to pop open . I have mended them twice , but they continue to come unglued . It could be due to the tension on the chains or to the glittery surface on the paper , but there is clearly a limit to the power of this adhesive .
 My favorite tool is my ATG Tape Gun . This tape refill is at a great price and lasts thru lots of card/album/what ever-I-feel-like-making construction . Does n't bind up , easy to load .
 If you do any kind of pre glued edgebanding with an iron and you dont want a huge machine or just cant afford one this is great . At just under $ 300 this paid for it self 10 times over in my first job . Yes it was tough to get it figured out lining it up perfect so your tape does not run off the edge of your panel , but once you get it its a snap . Do not rely on the rubber feet to keep it in place I press hard to make sure the tape is on there so I had to drill some hole just behind the fence and screw it down to the work bench . Also the rubber/polyurethane wheel with the skate board wheel bearings on it seems to be a little cheaply made . the bearing on one side is not perfectly in the center . maybe 1/32 '' off but causes the tape to run up the wheel instead of strait . so I took it off and flipped it upsidown . works great . I also set the machine back on my work bench and extended the table so that i could band wider panels . I do think its still faster to edgeband 24 '' x 96 '' panels with the iron . just to big for this machine . Oh and one more thing , when I first started using it I noticed that the tape did not stick really really good every now and then so just to make sure after every panel I pull it off the machine and roll it with the same roller I use with the iron -LRB- takes only 2 seconds but well worth the time for insurance . -RRB- And if I were you , if you dont already , get a laminate trimer to flush trim the tape . dont mess with the knifes you slide on there . I use the Bosch Colt and love it . I use a 1/16 or 1/8 '' roundover bit and set it so that the radius just barely touches the top of the tape . Gives it a flush trim and a slightly eased edge the just hit it with some 320 sand paper and your done .
 Just started using this today . I have edge banded many kitchens by hand -LRB- iron and `` J '' roller -RRB- , and have been looking for a step up in terms of productivity . Overall , this edge bander feels well built and sturdy . It had sustained some damage -LRB- legs bent , corner of table -RRB- . However , after some adjustments , and removing a washer - I am now able to keep the banding properly aligned . I have done some shelving with white mel . banding , and veneered banding . Gun seems to be able to melt glue at a quick rate and roller works well to set it . I like that the banding is almost cool by the time it is off the bander . A standard shelf can be done in well over half the length of time to do it manually . Overall a good purchase , but wo n't work optimally `` out of the box '' .
 1/4 '' radius cove . It 's a mystery why the most important spec was omitted from the description !
 Great vertical wall bike rack . It saves a lot of space in the garage and it is relatively cheap respect to other similar items . I bought two of them to hang 4 bikes . They arrived quickly and I was able to install it very easily.Recommended !
 item is great , as advertised , easy to mount to wallshipping was fast also ... thanks
 Love it ! Love it ! Comes assembled outta the box , easily installed . Very sturdy construction . Looks great , makes my apartment look very modern .
 Worth the Wait ! I was very impressed with the detail in this piece of art that dressed up my wall . The color perfectly complimented the decor . I would like to receive a catalog to make future selections .
 I needed to replace my old Intermatic timer , same model , and this is just perfect for what I use it for with my above ground pool . Love it , I do not have to worry about rushing home to turn on the pump/filter each night .
 Fast ship works great ! Used it to light up Christmas lights . Highly recommend this timer . Will work great in summertime for my pool .
 Plugged it in , set the time , and has been running since . Works . A replacement for another P1101 that stopped working after 6 or 7 years of service .
 timer is heavy duty for 15 amp pool pump . easy to use and quite sturdy good value for the money !
 Bought this timer to replace the previous one I had for 10 years which finally gave out . This timer is Identical to my old one . Works great .
 Works fine so far has only been running about 3months now . Looks great , very heavy duty exterior . It gets water spray almost everyday and no problems . i run it on a pond with 1hp pump for about 8hrs/day .
 This timer works great . I use from Spring to winter to control an outdoor fountain . Then in Dec thru mid Jan I use it to control outside holiday decorations . Sometimes I also use in Fall for holloween decoration lighting.I replaced the same model after about 16 yrs of daily use when I began to have difficulty with the on off feature but after 16 plus years of constant usage I am more then satisfied . Nothing last forever.I was happy to find this item on line because I could no longer find it in any home improvement or hardware store . You know how that goes , if the area service rep thinks it does not move they take it off the shelf . . I had the same problem finding Intermatic timer that wire into switch box because the big home improvement stores also stopped stocking it and told me it was not available . Found the product to be readily available on line and bought several so I will have on hand when needed .
 Great value ! Saved over $ 65 buying from Amazon for the same product at my local pool supply company . This timer was an exact replacement for my old timer . It fit perfectly on the Waterways integrated pump/filter pad stand .
 Does what it 's supposed to do . This is my third mag pump . I 've been working my way up throught the years . My first was 250 , then a 500 . This is a 700 gph . -LRB- They all still work fine . -RRB- I use it with a their matching 1 sq , foot filter . You must use an add on filter or it will be constantly clogging . The 700 is perfect for the Bell Type Fountain .
 I looked it several different pumps to power my aquaponics system . This unit was recommended by the guys at Friendly Aquaponics so I thought I could n't go wrong . I have about 400 gallons in my system and the goal is to cycle at least that amount every hour . By the specs this pump should be more that enough to handle the job , but it seems a little underpowered to me and next time I think I will go with a larger Danner pump as the pump seems to be very well made . This is not like the cheap Chinese pumps you get off Ebay.It came with a basket that keeps a lot of the solid material out of the pump , but at the same time it does n't have any problem pumping the fish waste or algae buildup . I have been running it for 2 and a half months and have not had to clean it out once . It has a standard 3/4 in pvc outlet so I was able to use pvc piping bought at the big box store .
 I 've been purchasing pumps for my pond for many years until I found this one ! It was a hassle to constantly readjust pump settings with every new pump I had purchased as these pumps do n't last forever and manufactures do n't use the same inlet diameters or tubes . But now the ONLY thing I 've had to replace is the impeller which is why pumps end up failing in the first place , and other pumps you can not replace this part alone . So I 've purchased a few spare impellers , and they are very easy and cheaper to replace . I keep the same pump setting and I 've only had to replace the impeller once thus far in the 2 years I 've had this pump . And I think it was my fault . I could 've extended the life of it had I kept the filters clean.I 've read some reviews that the prefilter melts , deforms or looses it 's shape . Yes , it does ! But this does not justify lowering the rating of this pump . Mine lost its shape , but functions just fine . Who cares ! It 's under water !! The key issue you need to keep in mind is that this pump might be a bit more expensive , BUT you can replace parts !! I 've done my math and I can asure you that you end up saving money and time in the long run.If you have had a pond for many years like I have , you know that somehow these pumps break down at the most inconvenient time . Then you ca n't find the same pump because manufactures change models constantly . Then the pump does n't fit right , you now need a different diameter tubing , or the GPH somehow is not the same ... forget it ! Buy this one ... and do n't forget to always keep an Impeller replacement handy !!
 This replaced the same pump I had on my turtle pond for the past three years . It is a real great workhorse and they have upgraded the warranty on the pump from 3 to 5 years . It really pushes the water and the pond is crystal clear . I just wish it came with a better pre-filter . Thank goodness I saved the one from another pump that I had and I use it . Turtles can really clog up a filter fast . Just make sure you clean the filter regularly . That is what happened to my old one . The filter was dirty and clogged the pump and the impeller carved grooves in the pump . I highly recommend this pump or all the others from this company to anyone .
 I use mine in an unconventional way . I submerge it in a -30 C windshield washing/anti-freeze mixture to pump the solution through computer components . I imagine the plastic will start to crack at those temps , but so far it 's held up good for about a year with on and off use .
 In my opinion , there are none better . I have experienced from three to five years service with Pondmaster pumps running our Koi pond display fountains 24x365 . The failures usually occur where the magnet 's spindle interfaces with the front cover
 Good durable pump . Works well if you have a sufficiently large filter so that you dont have to clean the filter frequently .
 In all the literature before purchase I did n't read anything about the prefilter being in the box so I bought one . Now I have 2 .
 So far so good . Works better than any I have had from local Home Depot , PetSmart , etc. I use it to return water to top pond from bottom , and it works well .
 Order was promptly delivered and has been functioning flawlessly since . I have a rock water feature with apx 40 gal of recycling water and the pump works better than the original . I would purchase again should the need arise
 The pump seems solidly made ... I 've had it going for about a month now . Everything was as advertised ... it did come with an external strainer cage rather than a pre-filter sponge . Would have liked about 2 more feet on the cord ... but ... at 18 ' ... it 's good enough . One complaint ... even with the strainer cage , the impeller casing does get a bit gummed up with debris ... but , it 's easily scraped out with out removing the housing .
 this has only been running a month , but I certainly have no complaints . It is in an underground tub , and is pretty much inaudible . I think the only reason you can hear even as slight hum is that the tub it runs in is metal . very good loft on the water , I did n't need a reducer to get my desired height
 It took three weeks to receive this pump , by the time it was received it was only used for 5 days . I ca n't give a review on the item , but if you need one fast do n't order from these people . Shipping time is ridiculous !!
 Arrived promptly and in good condition . The product was easy to install and worked flawlessly . The faucet on this unit is much better than the standard unit . The standard unit , which I had in my previous home , tended to drip for a time after it was turned off . I also had to get the standard unit replaced because it leaked around the base .
 I have been using this unit for about 3 years and have had no problems . The water tastes good , but do n't expect it to taste as good as a reverse osmosis system , its not . This type of system is suppose to be healthier for you than the reverse osmosis system , only time will tell . Its alot cheaper to keep using and is much more compact . The facet is of good quality and the only thing you should have to do is change the filters every 6 months .
 I 've used filters that attach to your sink faucet and this is a far superior filter . The dispenser is very attractive too , matches my new sink faucet , but it drips a little after you turn the handle off . It 's a small price to pay for excellent tasting water , almost as good as freshly melted snow . It makes my coffee and tea taste better too , and now I use the filtered water for all my cooking . I did taste comparisons for my own curiosity , and the drinks made with this filtered water were always better , even though my tap water was decent tasting to begin with . It tastes even better than my favorite bottled water . I highly recommend this filter , and the attractive dispenser is just a bonus . It was also easy to install and came with all the connectors I needed .
 Almost have this product installed for 1 year and I have no complaints !! It does exactly what it was designed to do and it looks great ! This is the Deluxe Model and it is worth every extra penny ! You can tell that the filtered water coming out is of EXCELLENT QUALITY . I have changed the filters once with no problem . I have Aquasana 's filters for life program sending me filters and I believe that this gives me extra warranty service/consideration should I ever need it.I believe that this product is made in the USA and it is competitively priced.The only thing some people may not like it the slight dripping of water after the faucet is shut . Aquasana explains prior to purchase that this is a normal condition and that it will diminish somewhat after a few days . After a few weeks , you wont even notice it.The deluxe model comes in all kinds of colors and metal finishes . Any LOW-Medium-High end Kitchen will benefit from this excellent product!I researched things to death , and after days of internet searches I found out that Aquasana has one of the HIGHEST water purity rates of any filter . I do take my internet research with a grain of salt , but it is not only Aquasana that is making the purity claims , but Independent rating organizations as well.Being a hard to please consumer , take it from me , I AM PLEASED with this product !!!
 This is one of the units recommended and sold by Dr. Mercola , but found cheaper here.The unit arrived and before I even opened the box I looked under the sink and thought `` oh boy , here we go '' - fully expecting to have to run to the hardware store at least once in order to complete the installation . I was wrong . I opened the box , spread out all the pieces and parts and took a look at the instructions . They 're fairly easy to follow . I gathered up the recommended tools and got started.Installation went a lot faster than expected . If you 've ever done any sort of home improvement type projects , you 'll know what I mean . Simple household tools were all that was needed to zip through the step by step instructions and get the unit mounted , installed and working . I estimate the total time to be 20-30 minutes.Our family noticed an immediate difference -LRB- and improvement -RRB- in the taste of our city water . At first it seemed a little odd tasting , but still it was clear and clean with no chlorine smell or taste . In a couple of days we were all used to the difference in flavor and enjoy it now . I bottle it and take it to work with me since we only have city water there.The tap is high quality . The water comes out fairly slowly , but it 's being pushed through the filters so it 's somewhat expected . When shut off , it continues to run for 4-5 seconds and slowly stops . But that is normal as per the instructions.Overall - very happy with the purchase .
 Works perfectly . A snap to install . Very attractive . Brushed Nickle coordinates even with Stainless Steel Faucet finishes .
 The product I received was exactly as advertised . Looks great , good quality parts , water tastes great . I looked at a lot of different water filtration devices and people had reviewed problems with leaking . This has NOT been a problem with this unit so far . I have had it installed for a couple of weeks now and it works great with no leaks.My only complaint thus far is that when turning the water `` on '' it takes a while longer than i would like to pressure up and get the full stream and secondly and more annoying is that after the water is turned `` off '' it drips -LRB- a stream ... not just drips -RRB- for about 10 seconds . This time is getting less and less as I have used th unit , but I hope that it tapers to only a drift . I did read somewhere that it would drip for 20-0 seconds after turned `` off '' at the beginning ... which was definitely true!I would recommend this product to others in the market for a water filtration device . Best thing about this was that you can pick the finish of the faucet and it is high quality at a good price !
 Purchased the water filter and installed it per the instructions . I had a pre drilled hole in the granet . Works great . Easy to change the filters . I also signed up for the automated filter delivery . Every 6 months you receive a new one . Great reminder when it 's time to change the filter .
 This is exactly what was described and perfect ! It fits right under the counter and is so easily installed . We searched forever to find a decent looking spout along with the water filter for under the sink and we finally found Aquasana !
 I purchased this flashlight primarily for the blue LEDs - I need to be able to see highlighted text in the dark , and the blue LEDs cause most yellow , green or orange hi-lighter ink to flouresce . The three blue LEDs provide a fairly uniform pool of light rather than a tightly focused beam . -LRB- Some other LED flashlights use a lense or other tricks to focus the output -RRB- . The three white LEDs are medium-bright , and should light up a tent or the corner of the garage adequately . So far , so good - buttons work well , construction is pretty solid , and I 'm still on the first set of batteries . It takes two AA 's , which is really ideal for this type of small flashlight - I expect to get dozens of hours per set.One complaint
 Two-color flashlights are rare . Blue and white are even rarer . Having two buttons , one for each - this is the only product . It 's a great flashlight , sturdy , nice and grippy , bright , and you feel like a badass pulling it out of its included holster.Note that the first one I got began to experience that common issue that flashlights do , where you end up having to smack them to get them work , but I returned it and the second one has lasted me 6 months without trouble.I use it backstage , working as a Theatre Technician , and it 's perfect for having two colors . A touch bright for what I do , but by no means is that a mark against the product . Just be aware that the blue is a little closer to Sky blue than you expect , but it 's still a great product .
 I love the blue light the best even though I thought I would n't . It last a long time too . I used it on the ice one dark winter night a few weeks ago - what a blast . Get one !
 This bit performs . You will not be disappointed with the surface of the cut material .
 I ordered this one when it was on sale for under $ 10 . Pro : It is heavy , well made , and sturdy.Of course , it is very bright -LRB- do n't know if it 's because of Xenon Bulb or 3 D Cells -RRB- . I like the most is its focusing head -- lights can be adjusted into a SOLID bright dot . Remember , if you do n't get a solid spot light , you can twist its light bulb alittle , too.Con : Too long and too heavy for children.Over all , it 's soooo much better than any cheap plastic ones you can buy at your local hardware store .
 I have used the subject battery charger twice now and find that it performs fine . If it continues to do so for a long while , I can find no reason not to give it a five star rating with time used being the only reason I did n't do so now . If there is a down side to the charger -LRB- which may be the same with all such chargers -RRB- is that one must NOT charge the battery for more than 3 hours at a charge , or it voids the warranty on charger and could ruin battery hence one has to be very careful to set up some sort of timing device and make sure you can be there to stop the charging at at the 3 hour limit .
 Good construction well made and packaged . Shipment was what the seller stated . Would do business again.This product works as it is stated .
 I was so happy to find this charger . I had purchased the drill but misplaced the charger that came with it . What a relief that I can still use my drill . The charger works great !
 Ordered this to be shipped to another address where I was to build a deck but was n't notified until after purchasing it that it was on backorder and subsequently I did n't have it until deck was completed and I had returned home to FL from MA .
 OUR MILITARY IS USEING THESE 12 VOLT CHARGERS . . SO I SOLD THEM WHAT THEY WANTED . I HAD ONE IN MY GARAGE THAT I HAVE USED FOR YEARS . BUT THEY REQUIRE NEW . GO FIGURE
 I received the charger very quickly and it was brand new . Now my drill is charged and put back to work . Easy .
 As always it is such a pleasure to do business with Amazon ... just click and wait ! Everything is straight forward and the equipment arrived before the estimated time .
 This company is awesome with customer service . Try them out , you 'll see !! They bend over backwards to make your experience wonderful shopping with them .
 The product is very good . It was exactly as it was advertised . Fast shipping .
 The battery charger is as described . It 's been discontinued by the manufacturer so we were happy to find it on Amazon.com ... without it , my husband 's tools would have been useless . It was new , as described and arrived quickly .
 It 's the charger I needed.As long as I do n't drop like I did with the old one it should last a long time.It charge my new battery very good and I anticipate it working for a while.If anything goes or brakes the next time maybe I 'll just upgrade to lithium ion battery powered tool .
 I had lost my battery charger for my cordless drill . I found the best price on Amazon , ordered it , it was shipped promptly and works perfectly .
 Exactly what I was looking for - know I can drill , screw and mitre all day long !
 I found your website on my Black & Decker drill carrying case . I went on-line to find different chargers and found the one I wanted -- exactly . The price was excellent and I ordered it . It works perfectly .
 It 's only good for &#34; ONE &#34; voltage batt . . A charger for &#34; ALL &#34; batt . voltages is more useful than this one , Did not consider this when I ordered it .
 Works as it should . Happy to find replacement parts for our drill . I had looked at our local hardware stores and was unable to find any replacement parts for the 12V series .
 Packaged good , looks brand new , works like new . Cant at all complain about this production . Will do business again if need to .
 The product actually works very well . The cover is made of thick wood instead of cheap plastic . It is easy to install and hood up . The only thing that I would change is make it a little louder . For the price I ca n't complain too much .
 I purchased this base to use in the Bosch laminate router tableBosch RA1171 Laminate Router Table . It works great , it is easy to mount to the plate of the table , and the above table access is easy to use.I did run into one minor gremlin . The threaded post that drives the lift function has a small metal locking clip at the bottom of the post . This clip is what holds the post in place vertically . When it is hung from the table , this clip is what is holding up the weight of the router when you have the main lock undone and are screwing the router up or down.My clip kept sliding down the post , so that the lift basically became useless . I could see where the clip was basically turning itself down on the shaft.My work around was to purchase a cheap set of drill stop collars . The 1/4 '' collar , mounted on the post with a set screw is far sturdier and kept things in place.Overall , other than this one issue , I really love the unit and it 's going to be really handy having an extra base that I can leave mounted all the time.PLEASE NOTE - One thing that was n't clear in my reading is that this base is basically the same one that comes with the Bosch 2.25 hp router as the fixed base -LRB- when you get the fixed / plunge base combo -RRB- Bosch 1617EVSPK 2.25-HP Combination Plunge & Fixed-Base Router Pack , the only difference is that it does not have a plastic plate at the bottom . So if you 're struggling to pay for the router and table , you could use the base that comes with the router , then add this one later and use it as your fixed base . Just a thought to the cheap !
 I 'm very pleased with this router base , which I attached to a great router table insert I picked up elsewhere for cheap . It allows me to use the fixed base that came with the router for everyday routing jobs without removing it from the router table -LRB- this gets tedious -RRB- . Additionally , the above-table adjustment is handy.Note , though , that you still need to reach under the table to lock and unlock the router for adjustment , so it 's not a substitute for a router lift -LRB- that would have made it five stars in my book -RRB- . Still , I consider it a good purchase -- it 's almost as good as having another router !
 If you own a Bosch 1617/18 router or router combo and you have a router table , my goodness , is this ever a useful accessory ! The undertable base screws easily into my Bosch portable router table -LRB- I do n't know how it would work in other tables -RRB- , and then the 1617/18 motor turns and locks very easily into the base . I then have my fixed base free and ready to use in other applications
 Simple , easy to use , fits the router well . You do need to unlock the router to adjust the height , but that is due to the design of the router -LRB- not the base -RRB- .
 I was in need of a under table mount for my Bosch EVS1617 router and stumbled on this at Amazon . Was planning on using a regular base but this one filled the bill for what I needed . It is mounted to the extension of my table saw table on the right side . It is of the same quality as the original base that was broken when it accidentlly fell off my work table . The only thing I would considera as substandard is the hex wrench . The handle part is far too soft and will bend at the drop of the hat . Not a real problem as I usually reach under the table and adjust the bit from below , you have to unlatch the router by hand anyway . I am using a Jessum router plate in the table and had to drill a small hole in it for the hex wrench . It was a good buy and would go the same rout again
 I have a Bosch router in a Bosch router table and have lived with the under-table adjusting for several years . It was not a ` big ' problem , but I would have preferred a through-table adjustment . I 'm cheap so I was n't going to buy a lifter . When I saw this and got a bargain on a used one , I jumped on it . I got the base and installed it in a few minutes . I drilled an access hole in the plate for the key and instantly loved the ease of fine adjustment without reaching under the table . In a few weeks , I experienced the same problem as another reviewer and the locking washer gave out . However , because Amazon is willing to publish good AND bad reviews , I was able to read a quick and easy solution with a stop collar . I bought the stop collar and had it working perfectly again in a few minutes . Bosch should fix this problem , but thanks to reviews , I had a work-around . The base is worth the money ... just have a 1/4 '' stop collar available .
 The Bosch RA1165 Undertable Router Base is a real time saver . It is easy to adjust from above the table and because it does not have the handles on it , it is easier to lift out of the router table for bit changes . I just completed two raised panel doors using this base and it was a pleasure to not have to get under the table to adjust the router bit height . If you do n't have the luxury of owning a second router , this base is the next best thing .
 Even if you do n't own the Bosch router table -LRB- and are using another brand -RRB- , the RA1165 under-table base with hex key is a must . It can take 10-15 minutes to bolt/unbolt a fixed router base to the underside of a router table and you 're constantly worrying about alignment and keeping the base square to the table -LRB- especially after you wear the threads on the machine bolts from repeated change-outs -RRB- . It 's a simple install and once it 's there you 're good to go . And the hex key makes vertical adjustments a snap -- just make sure the table you 're using -LRB- if it 's not a Bosch router table -RRB- has provisions for using the key .
 The base is as advertised and works well in a table . However , the access opening for the key is close to the fence and required the purchase of an extended -LRB- 4.5 + inch -RRB- hex wrench to change heights when used with the Rockler fence .
 I installed this on my new router table . It is very convenient for moving my Bosch router motor from the table to the plunge router base and fixed base . The above table adjustment for the most part is non-functional as the fence is typically postioned above the set screw . However , my router table is not a cabinet style and is open on all four sides so the micro adjsutment on the base itself is easy to reach and read . This would be a difficut set up to use if my router table were a cabinet style .
 sofar this router lift has worked great . i like this product , iv used it a couple of times and it has done everything that i needed it to do . i like that here is a router lift for less then $ 200 , its even better thats its under $ 70 . its well made but the only thing i do n't like is that there is no way to tell how much you are raising and lowering without using a combination square or ruler . overall this is a great router lift and cant be beat for $ 70 .
 it 's easy to adjust and stays exactly where you want it to beit saves time and you do n't need to keep working against the spring action that is incorporated in the standard base to get your depth setting ... way to go !
 I am a carpenter who uses my router table all the time . I have a Bosch router/plunge router set . Before I bought this RA1165 Under-Table Router Base , I was spending valuable time changing out the base and plate on my router to install it on my router table . This task was a pain and time consuming . Now that I have the RA1165 , I am more efficent with my work and can accomplish more each day . This means more money in my pocket . Thank you Amazon . It was the best deal that I could find on all the websites that I searched .
 Hi everybody , I would like to let you know I 'm a rookie enthusiast in woodworking and this is my very first time with this kind of equipment so this review is about my first impressions and uses from this particular point of view.First of all , if you 're going to use a wood router , you 'll may need a router table for many uses like drawer locking and the lot , and then to screw a base to put the router under that table . You can do this with the fixed base the Bosch 1617 comes with but i was thinking ... if I want to use the router out of the table either with the fixed or the plunge router base . Do I really want to unscrew the base from the table ??? That was the main reason i bought this base , to have one fixed base to be used on the table and to keep the other two bases -LRB- fixed and plunge -RRB- free for hand held use . And the base does what it has to do.I 'm using it with a Bosch combo of RA1181 Router Table and 1617EVSPK Router.PP
 Base is basically same as fixed base . Makes using the router in hand or in table very conveninet . I do not use the above table adjuster . Reach under to unlock the band and then just turn the knob . Works well .
 Maybe I just do n't like bending down but the product adjustments and mounting are not without dome jiggling to gt proper alignments so the router can slide in and out of the base . However once in-place locking , unlocking and adjustments are very good easily within my auxiliary feeler gauge 0.003 inches ability to measure for depth adjustments . Still , it lacks something , but cost & value are very good purchase I can accept a little aerobic exercise with my wood chips .
 We brought this baby home , expecting the most . Boy , did we get it . It was one of those nights
 I have a Bosch 1617EVSPK kit that came with one of these bases , and a plunge base . I also have a router table and mounted the base fixed base to it , thinking that I could use the plunge base for ALL of my other work . Wrong ! Somtimes you realy need the fixed base , its smaller , and much easer to use with templates . After removing it from the router table to use as a hand held one too many times , I decided to just buy a fixed base router for the table , when I found this ... now all I have to do is slip it into the fixture I need , -LRB- router table , fixed base , or plunge base -RRB- and away I go .
 I bought this fixed base to go into the table that I purchased . The tee handle hex key is great to allow topside adjustment . Just remember to check the depth after you lock the motor again as it does tend to move a little .
 Not much to say except that the product does exactly what it is supposed to do ; the real value is in what it saves you from doing . Having to attach and detach my router 's fixed base to the router table each time I wanted to use it was enough of a pain that I sometimes decided against doing certain projects . Now that I have the Bosch RA1165 permanently attached under my wonderful Bosch RA1181 router table , I jump easily and immediately between fixed base and router table use . The Bosch RA1165 looks to me to be exactly the same as the fixed base for the Bosch 1617EVSPK router , without the wooden handles -LRB- though there are holes to attach handles -RRB- , so it works precisely the same as the base I was used to.If you ever use your router off the table , this product is absolutely necessary . Very much worth the low price .
 I like this product when using my Bosch combo kit on my router table . This base allows me to adjust the router bit height from above the router table by using the included Hex Key . In additon , I can leave this base permanently attached to the router table . I simply pull the motor out of the base that 's attached to the router table and then stick it into one of the other router bases when I want to use the router freehand . Very convenient .
 This is a very valuable addition to my router accessories . It works very well at a fraction of the cost of the after-market router lifts . The lift screw retainer seems to work fine as long as you remember to release the locking lever . I 'm glad to know that the drill stop fix is always available as a backup plan if the c-clip does fail . I only had to locate and drill a hole for the adjuster , and then I was making moldings like a pro .
 I have a Bosch 1617EVS with both the plunge base and a fixed base . I liked that I could mount the fixed base to my table and use the hex key to adjust the bit height through the table . But I did not want to constantly have to take the base off the table when I needed to free hand . So I bought this base , reconditioned , and it came in a box that looks like it saw better days but the base was as clean as mine was when I first bought it . Attached it to my table and have n't taken it off because it works great . The price was great , it came on time , and did exactly what I needed . Of course it wo n't replace and dedicated router lift but for the DIY this is the way to go until you come across a good deal on a dedicated lift .
 There are many router lifts available today . The Bosch 1617 EVS features a handy micro adjustment . But what if you do n't want to trap your fixed base in your router table ? Then consider the Bosch RA1165 which you permanently mount in your router table and gives you the same micro adjustment either above or below the table . You can also avoid a router base insert when using the RA1165 if your table does not allow for one . The $ 50 price of this unit is much easier to live with compared to router lifts commonly in the $ 200 or more price range .
 This is a neat alternative to the very expensive router lifts for router tables . The screw provides for fairly accurate depth settings but I did find some minor shifting in the router when the clamp is opened/closed .
 This under table router base is an excellent addition for a router table . It easily and quickly clamps to the router motor making it hassle free to go from router base to router table in just a couple of minutes . It works great with my Bosch router .
 A good , basic base but the above-table adjustment is not really that useful . It still has to be unlocked under the table and I find it easier just to adjust from under the table . It is very easy to adjust from under the table if you have good access to the underside of your table .
 I did n't absolutely need this as I bought the Bosch router with fixed and plunge bases but it just makes it so much easier to leave this one attached to the router table . It is basically the same as the fixed base that comes with Bosch routers .
 The router base was easy to install on my Rockler router table . I had to drill one hole . It works great and costs significantly less than other router lifts . I find it no problem to release and latch the lever on the router .
 If you often need to switch between hand-held and under-table router use , this product is well worth the price . Once installed under the table , you need only quickly change the motor to be operational . One caveat
 The RA1165 is a fixed base with out the knobs . I mounted it under a router table so I would n't have to use my fixed base that came with the router kit . So now all I have to do is transfer the router motor from fixed , to plunge , to table , for the different processes . Not as fancy as a router lift , but works for my occasional use .
 Great product . Perfect for using a router table and so you do n't have to remount your stock base every time .
 I purchased a Bosch router , and a Bosch Router table . Removing the router base , and installing the collar into the table was a big pain . buying the separate collar has made the table much easier to use !
 I received the router base from Amazon in a very timely manner as usual . I discovered this is the exact same base that came with the router minus the handles . It fits and works fine . I have had no problems at all . For a hobbiest woodworker , it makes adjusting the height of the router bits much easier . I think it is a bit overpriced , but I would buy it again .
 Just recieved table mount base today . Arrived quickly and was in excellent shape as described . Works perfect with my Bosch router table also bought on Amazon . Bought as used , original packaging damaged , base in excellent shape . Saved money and have a base like new . Would not hesitate to buy again , plan to add 1/4 inch stop collar to adjustment shaft to strengthen e clip as another reviewer suggested . Fast shipping , great product , saved money . Ca n't beat it.Bosch RA1165 Under-Table Router Base with Above-Table Hex Key
 Its a Bosch , the quality is excellent . What do you expect?It fits perfectly onto the Bosch router table , and there is no problems attaching the motor to it .
 I had a heavy large mirror to hang . Everything was provided to do the job and it all went together without problems . Makes hanging heavy objects safe and easy , not to mention level . Your only problem will be if you decide to lower what you hung . You 'll have several holes to fill and finish . It 's also a good idea to have a couple of the screws go into studs instead of all into drywall . I highly recommend this product .
 I purchased this to hang a 75 '' X 32 '' framed mirror horizontally in my dining area and this product worked perfectly . It was fairly easy to install and the built in level was the best added bonus to get the job done right the first time . Very satisfied ! Craig
 Very easy to use , and the wall dog anchors are quite strong . A must buy if you want level hanging and/or reassuring strength .
 We own a beautiful and unique 100 lb , 5 ft x 4 ft mirror . We attempted hanging it with picture wire and multiple mirror hangers . No success . The hooks `` groaned '' and then tore out of the wall leaving ugly holes . Welcome the HP-30 Heavy-Duty Mirror and Picture Hanger . It installed easily and is supporting our mirror in style .
 This Hangman product is an excellent system for hanging anything on a wall , from paintings to mirrors . Once mounted , the object is not going to fall off the wall.The Hangman system is two aluminum pieces , an angled bar that is attached to the object and a receiving bar that is attached to the wall . The two angles interlock and prevent the object from falling off the wall.The 18 inch system will hold up to 200 pounds - not sure I would want to test that limit unless at least two of the mounting screws were in studs . The kit includes some small plastic anchors and self tapping screws . The object to be hung requires a fairly long flat wooden area . The top edge of a canvas stretcher or the flat edge of a rectangular mirror work perfectly . This can not be used to mount a round mirror.I love the security of this system and how easy it is to remove and replace the object -LRB- a mirror in my case -RRB- . Mounting is not too difficult . It is absolutely critical to get the cleat on the mirror or picture absolutely square with the frame . Probably a good idea to drill pilot holes , the screws are short and fat and will probably split the wood otherwise . Unlike other systems , there is no way to adjust plumb once that cleat is attached.Place the mirror on the wall , and mark the edge of the frame and the height where the cleat meets the wall . This is much easier than wire hanging because there is no sag . Insert the bubble level into the slot on the bracket -LRB- the level is a really cheap one with fairly wide imprecise marking -RRB- . Line up the wall markings , level the bracket , and mark the screw holes . My mirror happened to be exactly 18 inches wide , so it was easy to get the edges right . If the mirror is much larger , no worry , roughly measure the distance to the edge of the cleat . Once the mirror is in place , it can be slid left and right a lot for final adjustment . Not a bad idea to locate one of the screw holes on at least one stud . If the wall is a normal wall , with 16 inch center studs , a second hole will hit a stud.I like to use a small drill bit as a pilot hole and to test for a stud . When I find a stud , there is no need to drill a bigger hole for the plastic anchor . The slightly tricky part is getting that wall bracket perfectly level . The bracket holes are a little bit bigger than the screws with a little bit of play . Once two screws are down tight , the rest goes easily.The one part that I do n't like about this system , the mirror or picture ends up about 1/2 inch away from the wall . The mirror either has to be shimmed out with felt pads or something else at the bottom , or attached to the wall with some kind of adhesive tape -LRB- like 3M command tape -RRB- . If it is n't shimmed or attached , the mirror will tend to flop around.That little tiny 1/2 inch problem is my only complaint with this system . Otherwise , it is the strongest , safest hanger I have every used .
 I was not able to find these locally so ordered them online . I wanted to attached a couple of antique barn doors to my wall as a headboard . These worked beautifully ! Easy to install and secure . Were delivered very quickly as well .
 This is the third time using this product for a safe and very secure hanging of heavy objects , specially if objects are hanging in high traffic areas .
 I tried using the provided bubble level which worked well , however the level slides very easily and disappeared from view . That 's my only real complaint about this . It holds the mirror well and the provided hardware functions just as you would expect it to .
 They sell short versions of these units at Home Depot -LRB- different brand name , same product -RRB- and Lowes . That 's all fine and dandy if you only need one that 's a foot long or so . If you have a big heavy mirror that has enough meat on the frame to screw one of these onto it , then this is the way to hang a frame . In 30 inches you should be able to hit at least two studs . You can add a few anchors if need be and that mirror goes up easy , stays there , and when you want to take it down you just lift it off the cleat . Comes with a little bubble level that slides into the extruded track . Highly recommended .
 This is a life saver hung a 200 + lbs mirror with 2 of these . The delivery off one was terrible n screws the other was perfect . Make sure you measure 4 times and screw in once , the length of the units make this very important . If you mess up you can shim a little with duck tape to level things out . Worth every penny you spend . I prefer the metal or plastic screw ins for wall board , I also used lags for finding a beam , got to drill your self by the overhang limits the head size . Check before buying .
 Great tape and real durable . Amazon price lots better than pond and garden supply store .
 1 lb of chinese steel being a compliment . it 's made of 3/8 '' thick steel and should last forever . only compliant is that shipping is way too high for item . no rust or surface issues , straight off the boat from china in a grease filled bag .
 Item arrived promptly and as described . I have n't used it yet , but it appears accurate and I have no doubt it will perform well .
 I could not have imagined the significant difference between the Titanium Death Stick and other hammers . It is a great hammer and a work of art . While I was reluctant to spend the money for the Titanium hammers for my entire crew , once any one on our crew used the Titanium Death Stick , they never picked up another hammer . Do n't bother buying the regular Death Stick . Just step up and purchase the Titanium Deathstick first and you will save yourself money and use a hammer you will love ...
 Well , I have to say I was so excited to see my new hammer show up . I looked forward to using it the very next day . It is such a great change to go from a 22 ounce framer to one that is so much lighter and well balanced . I have used many different hammers and this one ranks right close to the top . The only downfall I noticed was that concrete cut nails take the face down quite fast , even though I did ' t drive many . Overall it is a great hammer to have in your hand all day .
 I 'll never use a standard hammer again !! The only bad thing is the handle broke after one month of use and it was n't easy to find a replacement . You have to call the manufacturer to get a store nearest you that handles them .
 I purchased this hammer for my son who is a carpenter by trade.He said it is the best hammer he has ever owned.He loves the light weight and the curved handle.Every one that has tried out his hammer says they would love to have one like it.He also says he would never want to go back to a steel headed hammer agin.Also says the next hammer he buys will be a Death Stick .
 This is a great hammer , no two ways about it . While the product discription is incorrect -LRB- it 's actually 17 1/2 '' -RRB- it does n't detract from this great hammer . Like Dead on Tools say , `` Make the nails bleed ! ''
 You will not find a better hammer than this one I tell you ! The balance of it and how it swings in uncomparable to any other hammer on the market . Do n't settle for any other titanium hammer than the death stick !
 The Titanium head is awsome , But in 5 years I 've Gone threw 25-30 Curved Graphite handle 's , But the handle 's are replaceable the head is what makes this hammer . You can go from framing to finish with the same hammer . 100 % Satisfaction Guaranted
 I bought the centering square here because they had the best price . How much do you want to spend for 2 pieces of metal attached to one another ? The square is accurate , cheap and the size I needed . I use it every day and if it was n't right , it would be in the trash !
 This is a wonderful little square . I work with 3/4x3/4 inch , to 1x1 inch pieces of wood and acrylic and this fits great in my shop apron . I certainly recommend .
 My trusty 12 year-old 6095DWE still works great , but needs a new set of batteries . When I found that 2 would cost $ 80 , I decided to get this updated version with the Ni-HM batteries , updated charger and the flashlight . -LRB- mine came with a $ 10.00 mail in rebate -RRB- The 9.6 v is all I need . When I need more torque , I use a 1/2 '' corded drill , but this can handle almost all of the drilling and driving screws into wood that I do . I have used the 12 and 14 v cordless drills and found them heavier and more bulky , their battery life was shorter , and never found that my 9.6 was lacking.My old drill is headed for the lake house and I will just put up with the short battery life .
 We 've owned several of this type of Makita 9.6 v cordless for as long as 20 years and aside from a few minor glitches from time to time they 're all still running fine . The NiMi batteries are an improvement over the old NiCad . Since we own several of them we 've stayed with the 9.6 v so we never run out of batteries as well as the fact that their performance is more than adequate for most of our needs . Considering that you can buy this whole package for nearly the price of a pair of batteries , it makes it a no brainer . I needed more batteries so I just bought another package . If you 're a first time buyer of Makitas , you might want to go for the other models that allow the convenience of standing the drills upright , are slightly more compact and have a more power if you need it .
 Same drill as the one using Ni Cads , but the batteries and charger are a vast improvement .
 Pros
 I really do like the 9.6 midsize cordless drill . I also have & have owned the smaller model makita drill of 7.2 vold cordless . I like the weight of both drills & I hope the never stop making them . 9.6 volt Makita 6095DWBLEX
 As always Makita is a great product , I have been using Makita cordless drills for over twenty years and have always found them to be dependable .
 I have purchased Makita Products for over 20 years now and they never let you down . Keep up the good work .
 I 'm a general contractor and have owned Makita tools for a very long time . I still have the first cordless drill I ever purchased and its still working . This kit is great , up to date cordless drill with better batteries than before , holds the charge longer . The flashlight always comes in handy . I use these tools every day at work and home and would n't leave home without them.Larry Hobson
 as a framing sub we use up a lot of blades and the dewalt blades have been out lasting any thing else we have found .
 I first saw the DeWalt cooler at work -- Rubbermaid , DeWalt black and yellow , cool ! Right then and there I had to have one ! Just wish the blades were ten inch for my DeWalt table saw !
 I recently purchased an old fashioned secondhand overhead projector at an estate sale ; a very very old projector I might add . I was able to plug it in even though that third prong on the cord was missing . When I plugged it in the fan came on , but the bulb was burned out . I took a chance by doing so , but went ahead and purchased the projector and brought it home.Later that afternoon I called around town to see about getting a bulb . In the meantime my husband replaced the cord . I was shocked to say the least that the average cost of a bulb here in town was around $ 25 , and a few places said they would have to order it.My next step was to check Amazon . Oh my gosh , I was so happy . I found the same bulb on Amazon , and purchased two of them for about half of what they wanted for one bulb here in town , plus a little shipping.Shipping was fast and the package came wrapped really well.I inserted the bulb and am now looking forward to using the projector for my stained glass designs.Amazon , you 've done it again for me . Thank you .
 Product arrived in excellent condition and in a short amount of time . I was able to find it quickly and with no problems on the amazon site . Product works wonderfully ! Thanks !
 this product its just that a intelligent person need to have a perfect lintern clear and a sgnal maker in dificult moments , camping , road , or simplety to have a clear nigth vision , i recoment this products whit 5 star of excellent . att engenier MIGUEL DE LA ROSA.dominican rep.
 The white LEDs are very bright and can cast useful light up to 30 ' . The white light is as close to actual white as I 've seen in any LED flashlight . Sometimes cheaper LEDs will cast a bluish light , but this one is almost perfectly white . The light is also very uniform in appearance -- meaning there are no rings when you shine it on a wall.The UV LEDs shine very much like the white LEDs -LRB- bright , even , uniform , etc. -RRB- , but have an effective range of about 12 ' . Neon items will floresce from 20 + feet , but for other things , you will need to be closer . Take it to work and shine it around your bathrooms . You may not like what you see . There are lots of uses for the UV light . Just search around Google for things you can use it on.Overall , the light is great . I particularly like the fact that it has two on/off switches -LRB- one for each set of LEDs -RRB- . It 's made well and lives up to the Smith & Wesson name . One thing not in the product description is that not only does it come with batteries , the heavy duty nylon holster also has a small pocket on the side to carry an extra set of AA batteries so you wo n't be without White/UV light in the field.Great buy for me , and I hope you enjoy too .
 The light is decent , is good for providing a little extra light in a local area , definitely not for applications like camping but just fine for someone like a stage technician . I bought it for the UV light to check IDs with.It works just fine and had a solid feel to it . I liked the placement of the switches for the UV and white LEDs . The holster had a snap , but the snap was right over one of the buttons , so you have to be sure that when you put it back that the buttons are n't facing out when you put it back.Mine broke after about a year of use every weekend . The wires that connected the switch to the lights to the battery chamber had loose connections , and it was not designed to be fixed . For ~ $ 25 , I did n't particularly care .
 A GREAT LITTLE FLASHLIGHT WITH 3 ULTRAVIOLET LED 'S AND THREE WHITE LED 'S WHICH IS PERFECT FOR ALL SPORTSMEN . ESPECIALLY HUNTERS WHO CAN USE THE ULTRAVIOLET FEATURE FOR `` BLOOD TRACKING '' . GREAT CONSTRUCTION WHICH ALSO FEATURES TWO SEPARATE SWITCHES FOR THE LED 'S . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 I 've used these for years to hold things on the roof rack of my truck and for various other bungee jobs . the ends are color coded by length , which is a handy feature . one of the most important features to me is that due to the heavy plastic coating on the metal hooks - they are non-scratching and more body-friendly than standard bungees . they look to me as if they might not be very strong , but looks are deceiving , they are quite strong and durable as well . highly recommended ! nice to see them available directly from amazon and thus eligible for free shipping
 This is my second set of these in five years . I use them on my farm for a variety of rough duty chores , and they jold up great . The coated hooks prevent cuts and scratches which other cords may allow .
 Not much to say about these other than they 're great . Very strong , well-made , and good value for the price .
 I bought these to use on my boats and they work great . I use them for keeping loose item tied down so they do n't move all over the place .
 strong , great , good sizes , durability , served sufficiant for the price . Need to add two of each size for standard items .
 These are really strong and well-made . I suspect they will stand up to weather for much longer than standard bungee cords . Used for holding down boat cover . They do not stretch as much as standard bungee cords and I wish they were a bit longer . Hooked together they serve the purpose .
 When I bought these I thought they may be junk . I was way wrong ! These are real nice bungee cords.I just wish I could just buy the sizes I want instead of buying the assorted pack.Plus , the price changes all the time . Why is that ?
 I bought these bungee cords to replace the ropes on my boat cover . I really liked the assorted lengths and the ease and strength of the bungee cords . Five thumbs up .
 These bungee cords are very well built and appear durable . Time will only tell . The hooks are larger than the typical bungee and the variety of sizes fit my purposes perfectly . My primary purpose is to lock down cargo on a bike rack on the back of my 5th wheel . The best comment I can make is , I am ordering another set now .
 I use the cords to safely hold my scooter cover in place while traveling . They work great as I needed different size cords for the various cover distances .
 These bungee cords are a good value because of the multiple sizes which are color coded . They are as described and will serve the purpose for which they were obtained .
 These bungee cords are a must for tie downs . We use them on the boat or trash lids . They are easy to hook and unhook as needed .
 The hooks are especially nice on these cords and the elastic straps are about as big around as they get without going to a heavy duty oversize cord . Very satisfied .
 These cords are exactly as advertised . Good quality , strong , useful , and the right sizes to meet ordinary needs . Everybody needs this assortment .
 Purchased these bungees to hold tarp on my topless Jeep Wrangler , and it works good . Colored dots are nice , but not specific to length .
 thick & very well-made , with strong hooks.didn ' t get 5 stars because of what 's in the collection - only one long one , and 4 that are so short I 'm unlikely to ever need them . also , while they 're &#34; color-coded &#34; the colors do n't mean anything , as they are n't related to the lengths .
 I keep these bungees in my truck at all times so I 'm prepared to strap anything down at any time . they work extremely well and have n't been stretched out from moderate use
 So far very good set . Wish they had more that were the same size in the set but the quality of the cords has been very good
 Bottom line
 WHEN YOU NEED TO STRAP SOMETHING DOWN THESE STRAP 'S WORK GREAT . THEY LIVE UP TO THERE REPUTATION.THANK YOU FOR A GREAT STRAP .
 The package of bungees came quickly and are well constructed and are advertised in regard to lengths . I plan to use them with my boat and PWC 's .
 Nice quality , look and feel well built . I installed these to hold my 8 Foot by 10 foot heavy duty brown tarps , for my 16 foot trailer . I purchased two sets of these bungees , The bungees are on my trailer now and are holding the tarps with 12 inches of snow on the tarps without any stretching of the cords . I am going to purchase some more !
 I bought this as a suspension for my red Devo Energy Dome . With a bit of expoxy , it worked like a charm .
 I bought this as a replacement suspension and was pleased that it had the rachet for correct sizing . I really appreciated the padded headband which will serve well as a sweatband .
 This is a good suspension system ... I like the ratchet tightening , the sweat band is like a terry material & cleans easy . This one came with the chin strap to keep your hat on but I 've never used one so ca n't comment on comfort or ease of use . Thank you for speedy shipping : -RRB-
 Works well . Twist the knob to adjust and poped right in the hard hat . Does what it says it does . Oh the cloth in the front makes it more comfortable that the one that came with my hard hat .
 Great product . Came with everything that was needed . I installed it in exatly 3 minnutes and works like a charm . A good addition on this switch compare to my old switch is that you have the control to disable the remotes -LRB- this is good when you go on vacation -RRB- plus you can turn off/on the light on the opener manualy . I am 100 % satisfied with this product . Thanks a bunch ...
 This is a great security device . A friend installed it within 5 minutes ! I recommed this product for peace of mind .
 Unit was received in new condition with easy to follow installation instructions . 10 minutes start to finish and the new controller was installed and working . No problems to date and do n't really expect any .
 this is so woorth while in getting for the garage door opener . has a nice big key pad , you can lock out the controllers outside . and you can light up the garage , , all from 1 site . very helpful with the kids , , , i have gotten one before and someone liked it so much they '' took it '' ... so here i am to buy another one , , i got it the other day , , put it up in less than 5 minutes ...
 I have a two door garage with a Chamberlain opener on one door and a ` RollGreat ' on the other . The Chamberlain LiftMaster had this control on it , the other just had a flimsy doorbell button , and I simply wanted the two to match in appearance . So I installed this panel on the other door -LRB- it is just a 2 wire connection -RRB- . I was pleasantly surprised that not only did the door operate , but the light function worked , and the soft green LED behind the door button lit as well . I did n't expect this kind of compatibility across brands -LRB- and it might just be a fluke in this case -RRB- , but +1 for both manufacturers .
 Great product ... It was easy to install ... I purchased this product to replace a defective wall control panel . It was a perfect replacement.Thank you Amazon ...
 I purchased this Chamberlain Multi-Function Garage Door Opener Control Panel on Amazon . It is just what I needed . The price was very reasonable . It took about 10 minutes to install and it really works well .
 The product was delivered in a very timely fashion . Actually , a few days ahead of the expected date . As for the opener itself , it work just fine . Easy to install and no problems . The additional functions are not working but , I believe that is a wiring issue since my garage door is not a Chamberlain brand and the wiring my be different . I 'm sure I can correct that . Overall , great purchase .
 It 's exactly what you 'd expect
 So easy to install , even I could do it ! However , it 's just a garage door opener and it opens the garage door when you hit the button . What else can you say about it ?
 It 's pretty hard to get something as simple as a switch wrong , and luckily this panel does n't prove me wrong . Easy to install , easy to see with green light inside it .
 Had a problem with lights not turning off . The problem was either in the wall controller or the logic board . I started with the lesser expensive part and thus far it seems to have cured the problem . My garage door opener is a Craftsman chain drive . I used the Chamberlain Lift Master part which was less expensive and shipped free with prime . While it looks different it seems otherwise to be identical . Sears does not want people to know that its garage door openers are manufactured by Chamberlain .
 This control panel was exactly the same as the original one that the builder installed in our house . So of course it works perfect !
 Easy to install , actually works better then the original . 5 minute install even came with bell wire . Buy this item .
 Works just like it was described - quick easy install - very little knowledge needed which translate to nearly anyone can install it .
 very easy to install . Works perfectly with existing wiring for a simple installation . Was up and running in a matter of minutes
 I could not find this locally and was pleased to find it online . It arrived quickly and was easy to install .
 After 12 years my old controller died . The updated model was easy to install and works far better than the old one did when it was new
 This is remarkably easy to install . Everything is included , even wire , for a successful installlation . If you have absolutely no handyman skills it may take up to five minutes to install . Otherwise , with even minimal handiness it is about a three minute job . One of my favorite features is the ability to block remotes from opening the garage door . This is an especially nice safety provision . Lights on the control panel indicate the status of the garage door and a blinking light tells you the door is locked . The price is modest and the convenience is well worth the small expense . There is no downside because it is all good .
 I had a huge crack in the big button and wanted to replace the controller before the winter hit . The price from this vendor was lower than I could find anywhere else . The delivery was a couple of days sooner than I was told when ordering . And the installation took me an entire 10 minutes . If you have a Chamberlain Liftmaster Door opener and need a replacement wall-panel controller , this is the one to get and the vendor to get it from .
 Perfect match to the old one except that the full light panel is replaced by an ledlight and a heavier grade of plastic . Much better than the old . 5 minute installation .
 I ordered the 78LM Multi-Function Control Panel from Amazon Marketplace . It arrived in the time indicated and it worked out of box .
 Easy to install . Controls light , door and blocks access to radio if desired . Includes the cable . I used it to replace a single push contact that was falling apart .
 Came quickly , no problems at all . Very competitive price . Note that the Chamberlain and LiftMaster versions of this switch are interchangable . I have both . Note that the Chamberlain version has better illumination on the button -LRB- the whole square lights up -RRB- , while the LiftMaster only has a small LED in the center . However , I did n't think this was worth an extra $ 10 !
 The cap on one of the buttons broke off on my original unit and replacing the unit was added to my `` honey do '' list . There are 2 screws holding the unit to the wall and 2 more screws that attach the wires from the opener to the control panel . The hardest part was figuring out how to pop out the big white button to get access to the top wall screw -LRB- the bottom wall screw just slides in and out of a slot in the back -RRB- . Remove the top screw , slide the unit up until it 's off the bottom screw and flip it over . Unscrew the 2 wires -LRB- noting which one went to which terminal -RRB- . Then reverse the steps . I was literally done in 15 minutes .
 replaced the default `` doorbell '' opener so that I could have some security with the locking feature on this product . the large opener button is much easier to locate when reaching around the corner and its nice to be able to control the door opener light from this panel . installed in about a minute or so and comes with the mounting screws you need -LRB- no anchor though , but wasnt needed in my case -RRB- .
 I ordered this to replace the button that came with our Sears Craftsman garage door opener which my wife and I found more difficult to push due to the button 's concave shape and spring tension.The replacement buttons I 've seen locally at big box stores all have a motion sensor built in that automatically turns on the lights . All I wanted was the simpler version that has just a large convex well lighted operator button and the smaller buttons to manually turn on/off the lights and lock the wireless remotes . This unit fit the bill exactly and works perfectly .
 Bought as a replacement for my original that had a broken button . Installed in minutes and worked right away .
 Easy to install , comes with wire in case you do not have it , bought through Sanford and Sons -LRB- lol , great name -RRB- , and fulfilled by Amazon , delivery was great , easy transaction.This was a replacement for a Raynor garage door control panel -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- , works perfect , and is exactly the same , seems as though this unit is same as used on multiple brands , Raynor , Chamberlain , Liftmaster , Sears , etc.Until I got the unit , I did not know how to access the mounting screws , but it is easy , just insert a flat head screw driver at the top of the white button an pry down slightly and the button comes out allowing you to access the mounting screws , and then you disconnect , reconnect the wires on the back and off you go .
 Had issues with the 1st one delivered and called Chamberlain Lift-Master Help Line . I was told there was a `` short '' in the bell-wire so I went out and purchased bell-wire and installed it ... same results -LRB- garage door would lift with the wall button , but would not lower with the remote . However when I returned , the door WOULD lift with the remote -RRB- . After calling a second time , the trouble shooter from Chamberlain said that the wall unit was bad and unfortunately with it having been purchased through an Amazon third party , they would not warranty the product . I then contacted the vendor - ASPDOORS & A WHOLE LOT MORE - via e-mail and sent them the e-mail communications from Chamberlain . Kevin from ASPDOORS and I e-mailed back and forth trying to get the unit to work ... it should be such a simple install ! He then offered to ship another . Upon receipt and a two minute install , all is working very well !! He even included return postage for the 1st unit ... THANKS Kevin !!
 My house came with this opener and we have wore it out . My 2 1/2 year old loves to open the garage door and loves to punch the button . He gave it a few good punches and broke the plastic piece that pushes on the small button on the circuit board . It was toast and I looked in my owners manual and found the part number . Took the part number and found it on Amazon at a reasonable price . I was anticipating this thing would cost at least $ 85 but it was much less . It was an easy installation -LRB- took about 30 sec . -RRB- and I was able to use it again . If this is a fresh installation for you it may take a bit longer . I do n't want to make this sound like there 's nothing to it if you 're doing this from scratch as you will need to do some wiring . That can be time consuming . If you are replacing your opener then it wo n't take but a minute or less . Very happy with the part and price . Shipping took a bit longer than I expected but that is not Amazon 's fault .
 I have had a one button opener wired on the wall of my garage for years.Recently , I lost one of my remote openers , so had to consult the garage door manual on how to reset the security codes for the remotes . While looking through the manual , I found that with the wiring I already had - the single wall button that opens and closes the garage door - that I could put this in its place and now not only open and close the door , but also have the option of locking out all remote openers and the option to turn on and off the garage opener light . This thing is awesome , I love it . Worked immediately upon turning the power to the garage back on.Relatively easy to install . FIRST , SHUT OFF THE POWER AT THE BREAKER TO THE GARAGE . All I needed was a philips head screw driver to remove the two screws from the one button control that was on my wall . Then , I used that same screw driver to loosen the two wires from the one button control . Then , take those two wires and attach them to this new unit . The unit is labeled so it 's easy to figure out which wire goes where . -LRB- There are no directions that come with this thing by the way -RRB- When I had the wires in place and tightened under the screws of this new unit , I put the bottom screw back where it was in the wall for the one button control , seated the unit on that bottom screw -LRB- need to leave this screw sticking out just a bit from the wall -RRB- , and then put the top screw back in . Do n't over tighten . -LRB- this created a brand new hole , by the way -RRB- . That 's it .
 Three reasons I upgraded from the OEM single push button opener to the MFCP :1 . No need to take the ladder out to reach the learn button on the garage door opener unit . Programming of a new remote/keypad can be done using the MFCP .2 . No need to wait for 4 1/2 minutes to wait for the sensor light to turn off . The MFCP has a light button to turn-off the light after the garage door has been closed .3 . I have a keypad attached to the outside jamb of my garage door . By pushing and holding the lock button , you can program the garage door opener to ignore any remote from telling it to open the garage door . Keeps me worry-free when I take those long vacations.The only cons I have is that the push button on the MFCP is not entirely illuminated . You only get a small green led light in the center of the button .
 Very easy to install - same unit I had but quite alot cheaper . Glad I found you all . Keep up the good work .
 The original one was only occasionally working . This replacement was easy to install and has not had any issues as of now .
 Only it looks better . The light is now green led and it hooks up in about 2 minutes . Anyone can install it .
 I bought two of these to replace my doorbell-style buttoms that the builder used . They were delivered quickly and well-packed . All mounting hardware and some wiring comes with them . My only complaint is that , on one of them , the small backlight for the button does not work .
 Excellent Service . Unit installed easily and worked perfectly like factory original . I would highly recommend this company for all your door opener needs .
 Very happy I bought this . Although , seller took two months to refund erroneous extra charge .
 Our original control panel button stopped working . I installed it in about 1 minute and it has worked perfectly since !
 We have three drivers and I got tired of not having my own opener . Product worked exactly as expected . Set up was less than 1 minute .
 I bought this for my son for college . He is going into construction . I wish I had this nice of tools when I was that age .
 I love the way this sink looks and the size is perfect because I have a very small kitchen and did not want a full-size sink . Plus , I love the idea that the swanstone is a green alternative for material . However , the swanstone gets dirty very easily , so i feel like i 'm constantly having to scrub off scuffs and discoloration . So far , I 've been able to get all the marks out , which is a plus , but I 've only had the sink for a few weeks now . The price was very reasonable too .
 Smaller than I expectedI did not allow for the necessary lipalso a little dull looking in this bone color.template was worthlessVery solid made
 If you 're planning to install granite counter tops with an undermount sink without expanding the depth of your sink base cabinet , this is the sink for you . We had ordered the 33x22 Swanstone which we loved as did our granite installer . However it would mean that we would have to seam in front of and behind the sink . Because the amount of granite remaining would not support being lifted from the ends of the 9 ' counter during installation , it would probably crack and break at the sink . So in order to have no seams , we returned that one and ordered the smaller one . We love this one also . It 's installed with the single hole mount faucet and looks and performs beautifully . The other option was to replace the base cabinet with a deeper one , allowing more granite to &#34; hang over &#34; the front . That was n't cost effective at this stage . We would recommend this sink for a family of 2 like ours , or anyone that has a dishwasher nearby .
 It was hard to find a sink this size , Just perfect for my small kitchen . I do n't think anyone would be dissappointed
 I like the look of it but as of yet have not installed it as I am only starting my tile work . I 'm sure it will look great with my black and white tile
 They were a very good price compared to buying them in a regular home improvement store . Very pleased with my purchase . Looks great in my updated kitchen .
 I could n't get enough at the store and it was a closeout item . I could n't find it at any other store . Luckly it was still available on amazon . com
 we have a fabulous new kitchen and these knobs were exactly what we hoped they would be - they look really beautiful but understated . we are very happy .
 for bricklayers this is simply the best hand tool you could have in you r tool box !!!!!!!!!!
 This product should fill the bill in an Interior/Universal Design project we are finishing . This will be modified to fit into the custom sized generous wall pockets for our wheel chair accessible shower room .
 This knee saver is of the highest quality I have seen . I can be on my knees for up to two hours at a time and I no longer have any knee pain or stiff knees .
 This is the only kneeler I can use - I have osteoarthritis & find it hard to kneel on any surface . But with this product I can ! Yay !
 I 've had back problems since I was 12 , and my knees are less and less terrific as I age . I 've used cheaper kneeling pads in the past , but found this to be well worth the extra cost .
 My wife uses it for gardening and really appreciates it . I 've used it on occasion as well and find it allows me to do more work without knee discomfort .
 I have had this lamp for many years , and I continue to marvel at it 's intricate beauty . The pictures can not capture the `` plaid '' design in the glass work . It looks almost woven . Very beautiful , and typical of Paul Sahlin lamps .
 We had priced out a complete home lighting upgrade using fixtures made at a forge in Vermont . The price tag scared us off . Now we are finding comparable Kenroy fixtures for 1/4 the price and doing the job one-at-a-time . Workmanship is a little uneven on some -LRB- but not on this one -RRB- so you have to look them over carefully when they arrive . This one is a real winner . Put 3 60w bulbs in it an installed a dimmer , and it 's beautiful right over the kitchen table .
 So far so good . I have worn this and found it to be comfortable . I have n't tested the protective qualities of the hard hat but it was well made and went together easily .
 I use metal blades all the time . For pipe cutting and general demo . The combo blades do n't `` cut it '' . I have tried them all ... literally . So I switched years ago to the `` Heavy Metal '' only blades . I saw this blade here and gave it a go since I was out . It is not bad at all . Thicker so less vibration and when it binds up it does n't bend as easy . I have also noticed that they do n't break as easy at the base . It is in my Top 2 Choices .
 The product is what I needed to extend fan down from ceiling . I purchased a Tommy Bahamas fan for my screened porch but needed a rod longer than the 2 that came with it -LRB- 4 '' and 18 '' -RRB- . It was difficult to locate . I had trouble finding it with the literature that came with the fan . I had to do some research to find out it was actually an Emerson fan and locate what i needed that way . Easy purchase through Amazon though .
 I 've used this product for a few weeks now . No issues . Much better than paying $ 40.00 for replacement thru Sears !
 The remote looks just like the picture . It was easy to program and works great . I 'm very happy w / the product . Thanks !
 My order arrived in a timely manner and was the correct style for my craftsman garage door opener . No issues with programming and has worked beautifully .
 Very quick delivery . It was n't the item I ordered but it worked just the same . The box was for the 83lm 3 button remote , but inside was a one button 81lm model . No worries , i needed a remote and now i have one .
 Wow ! I read all the reviews & am delighted to say ... they were right ! We just put in the batteries , sync 'd to the green learn button ... . and it works!We are renters with one remote that works when it feels like it . Like the previous comment , we 'll take ours when we leave.We had an expert out to add a second remote , but he could n't do it . We saved almost $ 80 by getting this instead.Thanks everybody !!!
 Garage door openers worked as they are supposed to ! They also seem to have better range than original ones , even when they have new batteries .
 I had no problems with this , it is a direct replacement . Works as expected .
 This opener appears to be well-built , it works just as it should , instructions for programming -LRB- and the programming process -RRB- were straightforward and quick , and the price I found on Amazon -LRB- < $ 20 -RRB- was great . Also , the device came with the needed battery installed , and it has a nice , clean design . I am very pleased with my purchase.I am at a loss as to why this opener -LRB- and the one it replaced -RRB- has three buttons . I know I had the option of setting up any of the buttons to open my door , but why does a consumer need three ? I suspect some may have multiple doors to open?Nonetheless , this is a fine product at a great price .
 We had garage door openers that were probably bought when the garage door was installed in 1992 . We had programed and used the buttons in our cars and did not realize the openers where dying until my husband got a new car . When he went to program the new car 's buttons , the old openers were dead . Even changing batteries did not help them work . So we bought one of this product to help program the car 's buttons and it was exactly what we needed ! It worked perfectly !
 Checked with Sears and they could no longer help . I had one remote that I had to hold just right to get it to work.I ordered two of these remotes . The compatibility match is perfect . These are exactly as described . It took me longer to get the ladder out , to reach the green button on the back of the garage door opener unit , then it did to set the frequency on the two I ordered . Took approximately 15 or 20 seconds to set the frequency on both remotes . Extremely easy . Perfect match , perfect replacement . Wish I had ordered sooner .
 I had purchased the Craftsman replacement remote and it was the wrong style . Returned it and bought the Liftmaster which was less expensive and much easier to program . It took longer to set up my ladder than it did to program the transmitter . Way COOL !
 Cheap . Rugged . Easy to program . Arrived on time and works like a charm ! Does one need to say anything else ? If you need a replacement remote , grab this one .
 Product arrived timely and worked perfectly for Sears Craftsman door opener that died . Programming was easy and for once I can say everything worked well and was easy to program .
 My old Craftsman garage door opener was installed in 1996 . Only had two remotes , and I lost one . Not good . I did n't think I could get a new one for an opener that old . Silly me . I checked with Amazon and behold , a replacement for the one I `` misplaced '' -- truth be told , I dropped it off my motorcycle when I was on the interstate at night . Needless to say I did n't get off to look for it.Easy to program and so far faultless . Good value .
 Initially I was doubtful that the 83LM would replace my original Sears opener . But if you follow the enclosed directions and place it next to the opener -LRB- about 1 ' away -RRB- , the 83LM will learn the opener 's code automatically . Works like a charm , but the effective distance is only about 30 ' .
 This was a good value.It was very easy to install.Followed the instructions and was very simple.Order came in 2 days . Would buy again
 My original remote was having issues with working from different angles and distances . My wife believes it 's because the buttons were not working well . Probably true , but either way , it was time to replace it . I was a little concerned about this purchase because of the age or my garage door opener and the fact that this remote is a different brand , but I forgot that many store use the same vendor for their products . In the end , I bought it , programmed it , and my wife is using it . Excellent product and setup was very easy . I would have bought two , but I 'm not sure when I will have to replace the opener .
 After 16 years , my previous Lift-Master control wore out , so I opted for a multi-button replacement . That way , I could program both garage doors on the same remote . VERY EASY to program . If you can read -LRB- and get on a ladder -RRB- you can do it . Great product ! I highly recommend it , and actually wish I had gotten a multi-button prior to now . May go on and purchase another as a `` spare '' in the event they quit making them .
 I ordered this based on reviews from other customers . We have an old Sears garage door -LRB- at least 16 years old -RRB- . I had no idea what to buy except that other reviewers noted that this opener worked with doors that had a green light -LRB- there 's a different opener for doors that have a red light -RRB- . So I bought this one , followed the enclosed directions , and within minutes had a fully functioning brand new garage door opener . Thanks to the reviewers who pointed out these relevant details .
 This remote control was a replacement for a garage door opener . It works just as good as the old one did when it was working .
 These remotes are compatible with a number of Sears -LRB- Craftsman -RRB- , Chamberlain and Liftmaster products . I looked up the product codes on the Craftsman garage door openers at our house -LRB- a rental -RRB- , did a google search and found these remotes . Guess the Sears/Craftsman garage door openers are rebranded Chamberlain/Liftmaster products . Took the remotes out of the box , used the instructions on the garage door opener itself -LRB- though these come with directions too -RRB- and voila , the garage doors were opening and closing without a problem . Since they can be used with so many different models I expect we will take them with us to our next home . Shipped quickly and the price was better than anything local
 This was ordered for a doors of unknown age . It was supper easy to program and works on all three doors .
 This is a great replacement for my original equipment Sears door opener remote . It 's half the price and works like a charm . It 's truly stupid that such a lo-tech product costs so much in any case , but the savings helps to ease the pain a little .
 The garage door opener works fine , just as advertised . I was remotely opening and closing my garage door in no time !
 As long as you make sure this remote is compatible with your opener ... your golden . I paid 2x as much for a `` universal '' remote that only worked if I was 15ft from my garage door . This new liftmaster one works from the street . SWEET !
 Looks and works better than the original . Took me longer to unwrap it than to start using it . Range seems better than original and price is sure better than sears . I plan on ordering another .
 Better-looking and more compact than the original Craftsman transmitters . Cost half as much as a direct replacement of the original style . Works just the same as the original style .
 I got it the next day after I ordered it -LRB- used standard delivery -RRB- ; it looks and works great . Instructions were easy to follow . I found it on Amazon by just typing in the part number .
 We had gone to a local retailer and they wanted almost double for the same item ... works great for our 3rd vehicle !
 I had a renter lose both of the garage door openers from my rental house . Fortunately , after a little searching , I found that this one would work . I bought three , and hopefully , I 'll have many more years of happy garage door openings and closings !
 Received the product very promptly . The item works perfectly . I received exactly what the ad described .
 This was a replacement remote for one that got lost . Works just fine for our Lift-Master Formula 1 , and was easily programmed .
 It was nice to be able to find an item that is for an older garage door . It works just fine , there have been no issues .
 Would recommend this product . The battery that came with the remote lasted only for 1 day . But the remote itself works perfectly with our 15 year old craftsman garage door opener .
 Not OEM , but programmable and functional . I wish it was cheaper and I wish it was the real thing , but now we have a garage door opener , and that 's the only thing that matters .
 I 've owned two of these , the first one we had for a while and it worked without issue , wanted to get a second one for another vehicle . However the unit I got from Amazon -LRB- prime 3rd party seller -RRB- was old maybe used , and not working . It would randomly not open or close a door even during repeated presses -LRB- not a battery or receiver/opener issue -RRB- . Asked chamberlaingroup support about the problems with this and they had me check manufacturing date - > it was from 1998 -LRB- ordered in 2012 -RRB- . They said they have n't made this unit in years and no longer warranty support it . I ended up returning it to Amazon and getting aLiftmaster 895MAX 3-Button Multi Frequency Remotewhich I did n't realize was compatible with my openers initially . I like the updated 895 model a lot better then my other working 83lm . It seems to have a little bit better range , and looks a lot better .
 I received my first of these flashlights as a gift . After it was stolen out of my truck , I bought two more . It is compact and durable . The xenon light is very bright and the LEDs provide a good close distance flood light . The best features are the compactness and light options . The negative aspects are the special battery requirements and the weight . I still like this flashlight better than the MAGlite .
 The product is great.Small , bright , easy to hold , a tad heavy but not enough be an issue . I recommend it . A good `` defensive '' product also .
 I got this at another website and recently picked up a second vehicle and as such I needed to order another flashlight . To be honest the battery life when using the Xenon function is less than to be desired , but for how bright and far that function gets you there really is no complaint . The LED function is more than bright enough for anything short range and the battery life is substantial . I do not know what a previous reviewer was complaining about when looking for the required batteries , CR123 batteries are readily available at any Target or Wal-Mart . Perhaps the issue is these batteries are generally found on the Camera Counter on a counter top carousel in the electronics departments as opposed to the battery section . They are on the expensive side , but unless you 're using the flashlight every day or using the Xenon bulb gratuitously the cost should not really put a dent in your wallet.The case this flashlight comes in is very solid . I have dropped my flashlight multiple times on dirt and cement settings and it is still functioning as it did on day one , albeit a bit scratched up . It has a nice heavy , but sturdy feel . If I had to this could easily be used as a blunt object in a defense situation and more than likely continue to work after the situation . I would highly recommend this to anyone that wants a serious and reliable flash light . If you 're looking for a quality , compact and multiple setting light , this is a great product .
 I am a home Builder/Renovater , and this is the Best recip , blade I have ever used .
 I bought this to replace a leaking hose end on a Major brand 3/4 '' hose . According to the product description it should work for a 3/4 '' hose . In reality , it works on a 3/4 '' hose but not great . There is still a little bit of water that leaks by . I 'm talking drops , not streams or spray leaking by . The product is fairly well made and easy to install . Make sure you have a nice clean squared off cut on your hose before attempting . I am pretty happy with it , but ca n't give it 5 stars due to the leaking . I cut reseated it and cut the hose 3 times to try and fix it and have decided the problem is in the clamping . With only two screws there is just no way to get an even clamp on it to completely eliminate leakage .
 I broke the female end to my hose and decided to replace both ends instead of one . These are strong and easy to assemble . The hose will fail long before these fittings do .
 I would highly recommend this product as it saved me from purchasing a new hose . Its constructed from high quality materials and works well@@
 Thick walled machined brass male end , with secure , heavy duty , rust free fittings . Makes for quick , and easy garden hose repair .
 This coupling worked well . It 's easy to install and so far I have no leaks . It 's sturdy , much better than the plastic coupling I had purchased earlier .
 It seems every year I have to repair a hose . I have been looking for a quality hose coupling that will last . Here is one that can not go wrong .
 This cost-effective metal male coupler does a fine job for repairing a hose , or making multiple shorter hoses from a longer one you no longer need . The screws do a fine job of holding the coupler on the hose tightly . They have none of the problems with minimum cost plastic couplers that may strip when tightened enough to stop a leak or come off the hose when pulled across your lawn .
 I have an old , heavy duty garden hose that developed what looked like a bulge near the end where we hooked up the nozzle . While the hose is old , it is a 100 ' hose and in excellent condition except for that one problem . I did n't want to repair it using a plastic coupling I saw in my local store for fear it would n't be strong enough . When I saw this Gilmour Zinc one , I was a happy camper . I have purchased other Gilmour products and never been sorry I did . I can say the same for this . It was easy to use ... cut the old hose , snug it into the coupling and tighten the screws . Been using this just about everyday for almost two months and not one leak or problem with it . Why throw out your hose when you can repair it in minutes ? Definately recommend this .
 I 've only used the coupling a couple times so far but from what I can tell it works perfect . It 's easy to install and does n't leak . I added some Teflon tape around it to ensure that it does n't leak just in case . 100 % durable metal no crappy plastic components . Went on really easy all you need is a Phillips head screwdriver .
 Very nice quality and a good price . Easy to install . I would buy it again -LRB- and probably will at some point -RRB- .
 I went way to long with a seized nozzle on my hose . I did n't realize it was so simple to repair .
 We had to match existing garage door openers , needed 15 more for condo complex . They arrived on time , new , and worked perfectly . thanks
 This arrived on-time with instructions . Very easy to program with the insructions that came with product . 2 minutes or less . Works great .
 Same exact remote that came with my lennar home . If you live in fla and lennar built your home , this is probably the identical remote the builder gave you . Been over a year now and no problems .
 We bought a new home and the previous owners did n't leave us the remote controllers for the two doors which is why I got this remote which controls both doors . Easy to program via button on back of lift motor . Took longer to open the box than to program .
 ca n't do with out them , three vehicles and a tractor and do n't have to swap from one to the other . Easy to program .
 Another good choice from Amazon . This one saved me about $ 25.00 on a $ 40-45 purchase at the local hardware store . So far everything I 've bought thru Amazon has been a really great deal .
 purchase was easy and shipped on time and was packaged well . i am actually ordering more of the same item for my sons . happy customer FRANK
 After the original brass coupling started leaking on my 100-ft 3/4-in hose -LRB- which otherwise was functioning perfectly , so it was senseless to replace the whole hose -RRB- , I tried several replacement couplings - of plastic and of metal , none of which worked adequately - before buying this Gilmour coupling . It is far more substantial and sturdy than either the original coupling or any of the replacements I bought it ; the screws are hardened and the heads do not strip ; and the seal fit snuggly and without leaks the first time I attached the nozzle . In fact , the nozzle fit better into the Gilmour coupling than into the original hose coupling -LRB- of the same brand as the nozzle -RRB- ... in part because I replaced the rubber washers , too
 This cost-effective metal female coupler does a fine job for repairing a hose , or making multiple shorter hoses from a longer one you no longer need . The screws do a fine job of holding the coupler on the hose tightly . They have none of the problems with minimum cost plastic couplers that may strip when tightened enough to stop a leak or come off the hose when pulled across your lawn .
 I would highly recommend this product as it saved me from purchasing a new hose . Its constructed from high quality materials and works well@@
 Bought this to repair the last foot of a 120 foot hose . That last foot developed pinholes , where I 'd hang it over the water valve . This repair device keeps my hose in service a lot longer and it 's very simple to apply .
 This is a well made heavy coupling it just did n't fit the hose sized it was for . This was a heavy duty thick hose so your mileage may vary . It is built like they used to be built no plastic . I would buy again for a less heavy duty hose .
 Shipped fast and arrived in good condition . I used this to replace a plastic repair coupling that I had installed a year ago . This should hold up much better than the plastic . The clamp is zinc and the rest is brass . Nice quality and it went together quickly and easily .
 These repair couplings are simply the best . They are heavy duty and last a very long time . Not like the cheap plastic repair couplings . These are the only ones that I will use . The same goes for the Male repair couplings too .
 It 's not often that you come across a product that is so well built . It is solid and very durable . Very pleased to extend the life of a good quality hose -LRB- and the coupling seems built to last longer than even the best hoses . -RRB- And it is certainly more economical than purchasing a new hose.Very easy to install . Less than 10 minutes start to finish . Just needed knife to cut the original hose and a screwdriver to tighten the coupling.So good that I just bought another as a gift .
 I broke the female end to my hose and decided to replace both ends instead of one . These are strong and easy to assemble . The hose will fail long before these fittings do .
 Worked perfectly and was super easy to install . All you need is a sharp utility knife to cut the old connector off , and a screwdriver to secure the new hose clamp . The zinc-clad clamp is robust and should last for years , plus it 's reusable . Great quality - the brass female threaded connector is n't a cheapo stamped cap , it 's actually a machined part . I wo n't buy anything else in the future if I need to repair a hose .
 Seriously , Stabila levels are the best there are IMHO and after worrying about damaging them for several years I finally broke down and bought this case . Works like a champ and they are safe and sound .
 Awesome case to go with my new stabila levels . Was just as described in listing . Thanks for a great product and quick shipping .
 I was looking for a case that would house several levels . I looked at the Stabila case and is was just what I was looking for . I searched and found the best price on Amazon.com . Shipping was reasonably quick and inexpensive . I would recommend Amazon as well as Stabila .
 This case is terrific , but the description makes no mention of it 's ability to hold 5 levels.In the same order I bought the next smaller case which holds the 48 , 36-32 , 24 , 16 and the torpedo level . It would have been nice to know that this case was designed to hold 5 levels also , instead of buying both . They were shipped separately and I began using the smaller case already so I am stuck with it or it would be sent back . `` Stabila 30059 59-Inch Padded Nylon Case '' sounds like a single purpose case does it not ? Not Amazon 's usual thoroughness on this . Plus , this case was shipped with all kinds of padding which it did n't need , but the levels were sent rattling around in a box without any packing material . 5 Stars for the product , 1 star for Amazon .
 Not only does it keep your levels protected but it also holds up to 5 different sizes and all in one place . Anyboby that uses more than one level on the job will know exactly what i am talking about . Well worth the money
 This padded case is a combination case , allowing all 4 of my Stabila Levels to be stored in one convienient carrying case . The case is well made , and made to fit the levels properly . It 's great to finally have one storage case for everything rather than 3 separate cases . You just grab the one case and they all come with you to the job at hand . Excellent product , and well worth the investment to protect your precision levels .
 I purchased this nozzle and a Gilmour hose from Amazon at the same time . This product appears to be well made but the main reason I purchased this particular nozzle over other ones was because it stated that it was `` made in America '' on the product description . It is in fact made in China . I was a little annoyed by this because I paid more for this nozzle over others because I thought it was made in America . The hose however is in fact made in America .
 Cant find this `` Gilmour '' in any local store ... and I 've been looking for years . I 've had an old Gilmour for the past 10 years and wanted another . Now that I found them at Amazon , I ordered two . Reasonable price considering what I 've paid for junk at the local discount stores and they would only last maybe two seasons . Love 'em ... love'em ... you will too ... so go ahead and get two !
 It is getting harder and harder to find nozzles like this that have infinately variable spray , ranging from a fan to a steady stream just by squeezing the lever . Most new ones require you to twist a nozzel on the end ... which is a waste of time when washing a car . I have used this before . I have 3 worn out ones in my garage . I was happy to see they have a lifetime warranty which I did not know . The picture does not show it , but it has a nozzel shield surrounding the threads on the spray end . Helpful in case it falls up against a fender ! Works great .
 I never realized a `` nozzle '' could make such a difference . After using cheap box store plastic ones that cracked every time you dropped the hose , this nozzle is a real surprise . It 's turned my hose into a pressure washer ! Really nice product .
 This nozzle is a classic.We still keep the original Made in USA nozzle purchased 30 years ago.This one 's Made in China , still it functions just like our old nozzle.I bought this particular model only because Amazon does n't ship the full metal version to my country . This one has a hard , cheap plastic cover for hot water use.The trigger is plastic but has a good feel . Its easy to remove the cover if u want to.I did . Now its nicer to hold . Initially i thought the trigger was a little hard to press.But , once you see the water jet , you forget everything.It becomes fun.Its so easy to switch from a soft mist to powerful jet.It will give you the best performance out of a low pressure system like mine .
 I got this bad boy and i have n't have problem with it yet . It is well made . I should last many years .
 Better than you can buy at Home Depot or Lowes ... good quality for the price . I like the insulation on the handle .
 Does exactly what I need it to do . Not hot to the touch at all . So far so good . Use it once a week .
 Somebody ran over my spray hose attachment . I replaced it with this one , and its an improvement over my old one . For the price I like it .
 We have used this nozzle in our milking parlor for years . Previously one of our dairy supply companies carried it and when they no longer did I found it online . It is the best nozzle we have found that uses the largest volume of water for an awesome spray . I ordered several of them to always have one on hand . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a super nozzle.Cindy from Iowa
 By far the Best nozzle i 've ever purchased , I 've had it for a month now and I love it , after using it the first time I wished i 'd bought two of them . When using under just household pressure It will shut out a precise jet stream 40 ' . give it a try `` It will be the best $ 9.00 you 've ever spent '' .
 Had this for over a month now , works as expected . It 's not fancy but it gets the job done . It 's very solid , I 'm not worried about tossing it around at all . Great buy for the price .
 I love this little gem . Very solid , easily adjustable , and comfortable . Great for the yard and washing cars . The little things ... I like the color . lol
 Just washed the cars and I like it . Seriously , it operates and feels like a quality nozzle but only time will tell if it can hold up .
 Nozzles exactly like this -LRB- except for the plastic cover -RRB- have been around for at least 40 years , manufactured in a dozen companies , and sold under a wide variety of brand names -- for a very good reason -- they are the best design . They are perfectly and easily controlable , durable , and do n't leak . Functionally speaking , you ca n't buy a better designed garden hose nozzle . The plastic grip cover and plastic handle provide insulation if very hot or very cold water is flowing through the nozzle.Note the little thumb screw at the end of the piston can be used to adjust the type of spray when the handle is maximally squeezed . If you wish , you can tighten the screw -LRB- you may need pliers to do so -RRB- back from full unfocused flow to the tightest stream -LRB- with the handle lever fully depressed -RRB- for long throws -- that makes long throws a little easier.One reviewer complains that there is no `` medium '' strength , e.g. , for filling buckets . What do you expect ? The actual `` problem '' , as far as that reviewer was concerned , is the nozzle is `` too good '' -- it delivers full pressure , at all but the tightest mist setting . Although it does have a `` closed '' position , this is a nozzle , NOT a valve . If you want a VALVE to reduce the PRESSURE , then install aMelnor 390S Hose Shut-OfforGilmour Brass Garden Hose Connector With Shut-Off Valve 03Vjust before the nozzle . Or , close your faucet part way . Alternatively , to fill a bucket , loosen the thumb screw , then `` open ` er up '' -LRB- squeeze the handle lever all the way -RRB- -- the result is is maximum unfocused flow , which is perfect for very quickly filling a bucket , etc.CAVEATSHere in the tropics -LRB- South Florida -RRB- -- the year-round heat is hard on all garden tools . After a year or two , the zinc metal body can seize on your hose and be difficult to unscrew . I suggest greasing the screw threads with silicon grease when you install it on the hosePermatex 22058 Dielectric Tune-up Grease - 3 oz.If you do n't have silicon grease on hand , buy a tube -- it terrific for improving electrical connections and refurbishing rubber items , and even for lubricating things such as this . While you are at it , lubricate all your hose connections -LRB- both the threads and the seals -RRB- to prevent leaking and to make it easy to screw-on and - off the hoses and accessories.Why not petroleum-based grease ? Petroleum-based grease damages rubber seals . However even petroleum grease is better than no grease -LRB- besides most hose gaskets are now plastic , not rubber -RRB- After 2 or 3 years of abuse the action can begin to get stiff , presumably caused by internal corrosion -LRB- or the original grease having deteriorated or lost -RRB- . Ideally , keep the nozzle dry -- at least do n't keep it in a muddy puddle , or half-buried in acidic soil . It is good idea to lubricate the piston with grease when you start to notice it getting stiff . -LRB- With the water off , squeeze the handle to expose the brass rod . Apply a liberal amount of grease to the piston -RRB- . If the nozzle is very stiff , take it off the hose , spray it heavily with WD-40 , let it soak for 15 minutes or so -- that will probably adequately loosen it up , but is not a permanent solution -- you still need to grease it.But those are the extremes -- reasonably well taken care of -LRB- or at least not abused -RRB- a nozzle can last 10 years or more.ALTERNATIVES > Folks with arthritis or weak grips may be happier with traditional brass nozzles , such asDramm 12380 Heavy-Duty Brass Adjustable Hose Nozzle . These are virtually indestructable , and hold any particular spray pattern until you change it . > High quality all plastic versions are available for use around salt water.Gilmour Salt Water and Marine Nozzle 474S > There are cheap plastic versions you can get for $ 1 -- $ 2 in `` bargain bins '' , which are a good deal for the price , but are not nearly as durable , and through an Amazon vendor when you add shipping your total cost is the same as a zinc or high quality plastic sprayer . > There are versions with spray-pattern or nozzle heads on the front -- but that sabotages the virtues of the basic design , reducing the sprayer body into a mere valve . You 'd be better off with a brass nozzle sprayer mentioned above . I find constantly having to rotate the head to select the 1 or 2 spray patterns I use to be very annoying . For example -LRB- not recommended -RRB- Gilmour Pistol Grip Nozzle 327 Teal/Red > If you MUST buy a nozzle with selectable spray patterns , I suggest theGilmour Select-A-Spray Comfort Grip Nozzle 594 Black/TealorGilmour Select-A-Spray Metal Nozzle 584 . One setting is the full-action . NERD CORNER
 As soon as you put this in your hand you will kick yourself for not having bought it sooner . Like many , I bought $ 1 , $ 5 , $ 7 nozzles that lasted all of one season . They are just cheap junk . We forget about how often we replace them because they are cheap at the time . This particular model is their heavy duty , which should last though hot summers and cold winters . It has brass components , a nice sturdy feel and is rated for both extreme hot and cold water conditions . It attaches easily and does not drip at all during use . A small depression of the handle gives you a gentle fan while a full depression gives you a powerful stream . Compare this one with that cheapo you have now and you will clearly see the difference . It is certainly money well spent .
 The previous Gilmore was really the best water spray nozzle I had ever used until the new dog we got from Animal Car Services ate the plastic handle off . I repaired it but it never seemed the same afterwards . So I looked for a new one online ; and found one at a more affordable cost than the first one . I 'm really satisfied with the Gilmore Spray Nozzle . You can not go wrong with purchasing the Gilmore , it really works very efficiently with its variable spray controlled by the handle - reducing the time you spend hand spraying . It is also constructed to last but I do n't think it is guaranteed against small all devoring puppies so store it away if you want it to last and provide you with proper service . ***** Gilmore Got It Right *****
 This is a good , sturdy product . Control is not great and the spray pattern is not all that consistent , but I 'll take that for a product that will stand up to some abuse .
 I bought another nozzle on Amazon that had the spinning head for different sprays . It was okay , if you did n't ever want any pressure . I opted to try this nozzle , and it works awesome . A more comfortable grip thanks to the insulation over the straight-metal versions and has increased my jet spray from a meager 20ft to a strong 40ft . I ended up buying a second one .
 It took a minute to decide how to adjust the spray but once I found that it was great ! this is a precise spraying nozzle . And i 've tried a bunch . this one appears to hold up well and wish I had bought it sooner . a good productWell made for the money .
 It seems that every year I buy a new nozzle at Home Depot , leave it on the hose all summer , and by the fall it is rusting and leaking . Rather than buy a new Home Depot model this year , I thought I would see what Amazon had to offer . I am extremely pleased with the results . This nozzle is strong , durable , and well built . It does not feel flimsy like cheap nozzles . It has survived several freezes outside and still works with no leaks . Can not comment on its longevity yet , but so far ... a good choice .
 I am glad I purchased this nozzle . This is a quality product that feels well made and sprays like its internal components are top grade . In a day when things are often cheaper and worse , here is a nozzle that is well made , feels solid in your hand and puts out a great spray .
 Like all the other Gilmour products I have purchased in the past . This is no exception . Sturdily built , fits in my hand perfectly . Does what it is designed to do , and does it well .
 Got this nozzle based on the previous reviews and must say the nozzle is bad a $ $ . Feels really good in your hand , shoots a solid strong stream when wide open , and does n't feel like a piece of junk . Time will tell on how it holds up .
 I 've had this sink in my kitchen for 18 years and it still cleans up sparkling bright and clean . It 's had rugged use and has had everything from heavy stainless pots and pans to cast iron skillets and grill tops dropped in it and barely shows any wear . Does it mark and stain ? Of course it does , it 's a white stone composite . But that is easily removed with a 3-M Heavy Duty Scotch-Brite scouring pad -LRB- which I keep in the front drop down drawer of the sink -RRB- and a little dish detergent . For tougher stains a little bleach with the pad takes out everything else including heavy rust rings which , by the way , only happens in my sink if a can is left on the wet surface over night or longer . Perhaps I am not as finicky as some , but I 'm not bothered by a few little marks in my sink , and when I do get around to cleaning it up -LRB- a couple times a week -RRB- , it takes less than 15 seconds . I love this sink simply because it has survived my rough family with rugged grace and style , and still cleans up like it was new -- pretty good for a white sink . It 's beautiful and one of the best purchases I 've ever made . If you ca n't handle less than perfection without a little elbow grease , this is not the sink for you . But if you 're looking for a handsome addition that will , with a little effort , still clean up white and bright and look great after 18 years of heavy use and abuse , this is your baby . By the way , I also love its extra large bowl . It has accommodated everything from baby baths and huge crystal vases to a wedding reception and a large , disgruntled raccoon . A little bleach and it was white and bright again .
 We have the sink in Galaxy Black and we love it !!! No stains for us and the little scuff marks that happen come right out ! I suppose you need a darker colored counter-top to work well with the dark sink , and we do , but I think the contrast with a lighter colored counter-top may work well also .
 I love this sink ... I purchased the white ... it can be cleaned easily with BLEACH for STAINS and Mr.CLEAN ERASERS for POT & PAN MARKS ... so easy !!!!!! Love the deep large bowls ... perfect for large items !
 Very happy with this sink . I took a long time reviewing different materials used in sinks and decided on solid surface . It does not stain , scratch etc. . This was affordable too .
 The fixture is unique and made with good-quality materials . I was relieved to see it provides sufficient light for the space . Installation was simple . One caution
 About the same quality as something from Harbor Freight.Too bad Harbor Freight does n't have a kit in a box like this one . It 's a great kit to throw in the back of the car . It can come in handy . And if something happens to it , no great loss considering what you paid . With any luck , you 'll be able to make minor roadside repairs to get you back on the road . Let 's face it , you are not going to make your career as a contractor or mechanic with these tools . But they are good enough for little things like changing a battery , loosening and tightening hose clamps , et cetera . With any luck , you 'll be able to keep your nice set of Snap-On & Matco tools in the shop , and rest easy with these in the trunk .
 If you ever have a need to tape down an electric cord - this is the tape you need ! It pulls up perfectly and does not leave any slime on your cords . It also provides excellent visibility to anyone who might potentially trip on the cord .
 I love the brushed nickel finish on this faucet . I actually bought it to match a delta leland shower trim in stainless steel , which is pretty close in look for me . The same faucet in lowes is currently more than half the price of this one . The only thing different that I have noticed is that the one I have received does n't have the blue and red ring on the handles that indicates cold and hot , but the ones in lowes do . I can live without this for Amazon 's price . Everything else seems the same . It came in the original box from the manufacturer together with the drain.As for the faucet , it is beautiful and elegant . Water spots do stay , but they are very easy to clean , no fingerprints though . My three old is constantly in the bathroom playing with water and it stays messy after her , but with just water it cleans very easily . I did have a stain on the drain that would n't go away with a rag , but a mix of water and vinegar took it away . For the price , the look and the warranty it has , I strongly recommend it .
 the pack of blades came quickly and was packaged perfectly , fast and excellent delivery , have used these blades on tree limbs and roots , larger than my wrist.also used on polybutelane , and pvc pipe , roots were in red clay and blades did not dull , couldnt be more pleased , with product , service , and price.will be purchasing more in the future . would like to trying longer ones for larger limbs .
 Good for the price.I wanted and got all wood cutting not assorted blades.Good brand name.I was pleased with how long they stay sharp .
 This nozzle is wonderful , it is easy to use and versatile . I was using another type of nozzle for my gardening and car washing but , I was not happy with it . Then I saw your advertisement featuring this nozzle and I said &#34; This is it ! &#34; I sent for it and I am extremely happy that I did.Sincerely , Eugene Irvin Jr. .
 Use these nozzles in unique application . That is , other devices can be connected to the output . Notice in the photo that there are threads on the nozzle -LRB- output -RRB- that you can connect any other device that uses a standard hose fitting.Glad to have found on Amazon .
 This is a nice item . . Beats all the other metal sprayers i use.Wont even rust up on me.Like my other sprayers . . Thank you for having this product ... Has a nice grip also . . My other sprayers are clutsy ... But this one i purchased from Amazon beats them all.Thank you again.Domenick .
 We seemed to go through the `` typical '' sprayers in no time . Generally , the internal springs would rust out . Not with this one , been using two of them for quite a while now and they 're still good as new . Comfortable to use as well . The threads on the `` business '' end are a nice touch , though I 've not found a use for them yet . Could put a sweeper nozzle there , but have n't really seen the need .
 I used one of these Gilmour # 593 hose nozzles for years , but I finally wore it out . It was , without a doubt , the BEST hose nozzle on the market . To my surprise , when I went to replace it , I could not find another one in the local `` Box '' stores . I turned to Amazon.com to obtain another and it was well worth it !!! The Amazon seller , ANTONLINE.com , was EXCELLENT ! This EXCELLENT Product was sold by an EXCELLENT company .
 I ORDERD YOUR SMALL SPIKED FEET ALONG WITH YOUR SPEAKER SPIKED FEET AND WAS WELL PLEASED WITH GREAT QUALITY . I USED THEM UNDER MY PRE-AMP AND MADE A GREAT DIFFERENCE IN SOUND QUALITY . PLACED THEM IN A GROUP OF THREE INSTEAD OF FOUR WHICH MAKES LEVELING NOT AN ISSUE . THE STICKY DISCS THAT WERE PROVIDED MADE INSTALLATION A BREEZE . LOOKING FORWARD TO ORDERING MORE FOR MY OTHER COMPONETS . THANKS FOR A GREAT PRODUCT AT A GREAT PRICE !
 Product exactly as described . Great quality , A happy edition to my garage . I am glad I purchased this brand , very durable . Very fast shipping as well . I am overall very satisfied with my purchase .
 I do n't know what people were expecting from this . This is a high-end tarp , and it does what a tarp does . It keeps out leaves , sticks and the neighborhood cats . Water does collect on the tarp , and often , when you pull it off , the water dumps into the sandbox . But water is n't a problem , since it sinks into the sand -LRB- and kids like the sand wet -RRB- . The problem is all the yard debris that gets onto the sand if you do n't have a cover . And for protecting the sandbox from nature 's debris , this tarp does a great job . It stays securely on and does n't blow off . I 've been very happy with ours . After six years of being outdoors all through our New England winter , it has worn out -LRB- ripped , faded , gotten a bit mildewy -RRB- . I 'm replacing it with the same thing . People who really do n't want water to collect should buy a hard plastic cover .
 If you ever have a need to tape down an electric cord - this is the tape you need ! It pulls up perfectly and does not leave any slime on your cords . It also provides excellent visibility to anyone who might potentially trip on the cord .
 My kids love the Wiggles so these stickers were the highlight of the month ! They have them all over their playroom walls and move them around all the time . They stick perfectly and remain sticky after many removals .
 This is not a knock-off . So far it 's working fine . Takes about 2 hours for the lava to really flow but other than that , no complaints . I 've been faithful about leaving it on for no more than 8 hours at a time -LRB- give or take a little -RRB- so it 's still working OK.I would give it 5 stars if it did n't take so long to get going . With the 8 hour operational time limit , that only leaves 6 hours of oozing fun .
 My daughter wanted a little more light at night in her bedroom and requested a lavalamp for Christmas . I grew up in the 70 's and know what a proper lava lamp can do . This is n't that ... BUT . . it is pretty and will do enough cartwheels and rolls to impress and lull to sleep . It does get hot though after about 4 hours so I always go in and shut it off . The directions said to keep it on for about 8 hours the very first time you use it , supposedly it fully melts the blob for future use .
 When lit , this lamp looks more red/gold than purple/yellow ... very attractive . It would work well as an accent light or as a night-light for younger kids .
 We have this same lava lamp , purple with yellow and our grandson loves it and asked for the exact color for Christmas . My only reason for the four stars is because it got lost in the mail but Lamps Plus was a great help and offered to send a new one . It finally arrived and I could n't be happier .
 It was a bit more pinkish-red than I had thought -LRB- the lava and the liquid -RRB- but it 's still pretty and enjoyable .
 Performs the same way as my old lamp.My room temperature is good . It has no trouble to heat up.Yellow wax , purple water is a good warm color combination.Good size and price too.Just perfect .
 I gave it 5 stars because it 's exactly what it is described as . And it 's really neat . I got it for my daughter and I 'm sure she will love it for Christmas .
 this light is wicked , only took 2 day to get over here , i love it , the color is so cool , its the lamp to get
 I kindof expected this lamp to be junk , but my daughter really wanted one , so I figured it was n't a ridiculously huge waste of money even if it sucked . But I 'm pleasantly suprised ! The lamp works really , really well ! It warms up and starts moving in under an hour -LRB- some other reviews said it took several hours . -RRB- The colors are great and the movement is mesmerizing . We both love it . I 'm definitely happy with this purchase - it 's a really fun lamp at a very affordable price .
 My son wanted a lava lamp and this one is perfect . Easy assembly and easy to use . Gets warm , but does n't overheat . Good buy .
 I purchased this lamp for my daughter for Christmas - she loves it . Just take care handling as it is in three parts . Delivery was on time .
 Received in a timely manner . Everything worked . Takes a little too long to heat up to where it functions properly , but not a problem ... just have to plan ahead .
 I received this my second lava lamp in a timely fashion I will decribe this one as very clear it is a little clearer than my other one which was sold by Amazon this one here came from Lamsplus and it 's clearer and not cloudy as it is often described for some of these to be . As a matter of fact this lamp came a bit frozen since it is now February and it is very cold out and I could see chunks of ice inside the glass dome which was scary a first but I connected it into the timer that I had set up for the other lamp and now they are working beautifully . The timer is a must since it shuts them both after 7 to 8 hours of use and on again 4 to five hours later . I am happy with purchase specially this one that again seems very clear in fact on the package from Lava lite it says 2012 so perhaps they have finally developed the perfect scheme to keep the all clear for consumers . ok cheers .
 It has wonderful colours and a nice light . The girls , 6 and 8 years old , absolutely love it!The only thing is when you first plug it in , wait until the wax heats up and if it does n't start blobbing , give it a gently shake to put the spiral that is supposed to stay in the bottom of the glass-holder , in its right position . If the spiral is out of the position , the wax will not melt and blob properly .
 This lava lamp was just as expected except for the color . The water is purple but the wax looks orange and not the deep red you see in the picture . Other than that I have it at work on my desk and am satisfied with this product .
 Love the lava lamp ! Beautiful color , and so calming ! After a stressful day of work , I switch it on , let it warm up and just watch it move . It has the same calming effect of watching goldfish , taking a hot bath or meditating . What a wonderful discovery.The only downside is that it takes up to 1 1/2 hours to get going -LRB- the colder my apartment , the longer it takes -RRB- .
 This is a very nice looking lava lamp . It 's perfect for an office desk . Actually , it 's perfect for my desk ! Prior to purchasing this one I also considered purchasing the larger one but am very glad I went with this one . Anything bigger would have been overkill .
 I was worried about buying a lava lamp because of mixed reviews , but I 'm glad I did . This one is beautiful and works very well . My husband and I turn it on every evening and at least a few times , we go , `` wow , look at it now . '' I highly recommend it .
 I teach college-level Geology courses and I 'm always seeking ways to illustrate certain geological principles while amusing the students at the same time . Well , I ca n't think of anything much better than a lava lamp . I first spotted this fairly large lava lamp at Target and I just had to have it . The cost was over twice that listed here , but it was worth it for my purposes . I use it when I talk about the igneous rocks -LRB- rocks formed from a melt -RRB- . I talk about the origin of melts and how and why they rise up within the earth and can erupt at the surface as volcanoes . While I 'm talking I have the Lava Lamp functioning on the front table and I make occasional remarks and jokes about it . I always have the students ' rapt attention . It 's a classic design and , I know , was used for other purposes in the 60s -LRB- I joke about that too -RRB- , but I find it a good attention getter in my beginning geology courses.The lamp may take up the better part of a hour to heat up , so I give it a preliminary heating and get it functioning in my office . Then when I start it up in the classroom it does n't take very long to begin performing . This is quite a quality lamp , I might add , much better than many of those in the 60s . Gary Peterson
 I bought this lamp for our son -LRB- 11yrs -RRB- who has been asking for a lava lamp for a year or so . I thought it was funny that he wanted one and ordered it . I must say I love the darn thing . The colors are very bright and the swirling pattern of the `` lava '' is very soothing . I catch myself staring at it when it 's on . It does get quite warm so we have a rule about when it can be turned on and it does take a while to get going but overall a very cool lamp .
 This was a gift for someone close , we just plugged the lamp , wait for some minutes to warm up and it began to work . Great gift , and really nice colors , even better when the room is completely dark .
 Was very easy to setup and works as advertised . I have been using it for over a year and no problems so far .
 why would you pay for expensive universal remote , this one is very simple to configure and works really good . i was concerned at first that its burguny for our gray car but when i put it in you cant even notice it .
 Price is good , product worked as expected . I like this remote control . Good purchase . I recommend this product . It is cheaper than others with same function when I bought it .
 works with my garage . easy setup . my wifes works a little better than mine , hers can be used so far away . mine sometimes take 2-3 clicks as im backing into the driveway . 4 stars due to mine not working every time i click it
 If you ever have a need to tape down an electric cord - this is the tape you need ! It pulls up perfectly and does not leave any slime on your cords . It also provides excellent visibility to anyone who might potentially trip on the cord .
 If you ever have a need to tape down an electric cord - this is the tape you need ! It pulls up perfectly and does not leave any slime on your cords . It also provides excellent visibility to anyone who might potentially trip on the cord .
 Like another reviewer said , if you order a 6 ' hydrant , what you get is 9 ' in length ... with 3 ' expected to be buried in the ground . I am glad I have a backhoe .
 Installed one of these next to the vegetable garden and it is great . no more dragging the hose across the driveway . No need to blow out the supply line in winter.Just no fuss year round water available fantastic .
 Not really sure how one is to review a box of screws . They screwed in and held what they were suppose to .
 First , in the interest of full disclosure , I am writing this review under my husband 's `` real name '' because it 's his account.My husband and I are avid readers and we often read in bed before falling asleep . As such , we 've looked at and tried just about every book light on the market.We initially found these lights by chance at a Costco , sitting by themselves -LRB- the only package available -RRB- on top of a stack of books . We tried them out and they were fantastic . Most book lights had one of two features we liked , and a lot more that we did n't . These were just what we wanted.They are lightweight.They are very , very bright.The battery is easy to change.The light bulbs have never needed to be replaced.They are compact and do n't weigh down a paperback.The clip is strong and stays in place.Best of all is the swivel . You can direct these lights anywhere you need them , left/right , up/down , all around . Plus you can direct the arm that holds the lights to various angles . It 's perfect for night-time or car/air travel reading.Someone said it 's hard to find batteries for the lights . We 've never had that problem . Target and WalMart carry an extensive supply -LRB- I think they are 2032 , we get Duracell and Energizer brands and they last a long time -RRB- . Very easy to replace , just unscrew the back of the light and pop them in.I will say the first lights we got in that original two-pack from Costco -LRB- we have never seen them at the store again , it was such a fluke -RRB- did have a problem with one of the two lights . One of the batteries always gets stuck and is next to impossible to remove . We end up unscrewing the other half of the light where the bulbs are and pushing the battery out the other side . This is obviously not intended to be the way to change the battery . HOWEVER this has NEVER happened with the lights we 've bought from this company through Amazon - only one one of the first two we got at Costco , and I 'm not even sure they were made by the same people , although they look identical.Since buying that first two-pack , we 've bought four more lights from this company at Amazon . My husband and I keep them in various locations of the house , in our travel bags , in the car , etc. , and get constant use out of them . They are durable , and long lasting.Only one thing I have a complaint about
 Boy , do some reviewers have an axe to grind or what ?! You 'd think they were reviewing a $ 100 light or something . I like these lights . I have had several for the last few years and they have held up great and been very useful . I use mine as book lights , fix-it lights and I keep one in my car . I have even given some as gifts - to the recipient 's delight ! I might agree that there may be better pure `` book lights '' on the market - but there are not better book lights that are ALSO all around good task lights / flashlights . This one is the best ! I guess as far as booklights go , it just depends on what your expectations are and how you use it - and how big the pages of the book are that you 're trying to light up ! At least with this light it 's way easy to roll the ball around and point the light where you want it . Contrary to some weird reviews , the batteries have all lasted a long time , were very easy to change -LRB- just unscrew the back of the ball - drop in the batteries and screw it back together - that 's it ! -RRB- and were not hard to find in stores . I have purchased several sets of batteries at both WalMart and Radio Shack . If you get this fun light and you do n't like it , then you are probably the kind of sour person who 's just never happy about anything !
 My kids got these from Grandpa . They love them ! They 're fun to bowl with in a dark room . We 've clipped them onto headboards for a decent-sized reading light.The problems
 This light has been so great ! I suffer from severe migraines and some of the time I can not stand to have the main light on in my room . This light has helped me continue reading with no trouble . I have also used it to look around unfamiliar rooms -LRB- hotels , relative 's home -RRB- when I forgot to bring a flashlight.I am planning a trip in May and on my list of things to take with me will be both my light and also extra batteries for it . The batteries are easy to find in most drug stores.And having it in my favorite color is an added bonus!I am so glad I bought this !
 Purchased this heat gun primarily to fix my Playstation 3 Yellow Light error . Works like a charm and am happy I have this tool to fix my toys and save money on labor charges . As always , fast shipping from Amazon.com.jose -
 I am a guitarist of 15 years and I 've done just about every mod on a guitar that can be done -LRB- some times quite handily , other times not so much -RRB- . On a recent rebuild of a '98 MIM Strat , I found that there was nearly 3/16 '' of paint and sealer between the top coat and the bare wood . I tried all kinds of paint removal methods , from physical sanding and scraping to chemical removers -LRB- some mild , as well as others which would make you grow a third arm upon purchase -RRB- . There was no solution that would remove this level of coating with any degree of efficiency.Enter the Kawasaki heat gun , my new partner in crime . After heating up the gun and applying it to the guitar body , the paint instantly bubbled up and was removable in just a few gentle passes of a putty knife . The sanding sealer on the body was a bit more stubborn , but even that relented to the overwhelming effectiveness of this heat gun . When I got done this afternoon , I was astonished that the product worked as effectively as it did while costing me next to nothing . Even with shipping , the asking price of this unit is extremely fair . This heat gun is strong , reliable , effective , and easily purchased . It was just perfect for the job I was doing.One thing I will mention to guitarists specifically and woodworkers in general
 Did a small ceiling with this heat gun . It easily got the job done removing 3 layers of paint with no scraping . Then I got an additional original layer off with the gun and scraping . I used it for a while without turning it off and it worked perfectly .
 I purchased this heat gun for sole purpose of shrinking plastic shrink tube for electronics . It gets hot quickly and works effectly , however , I was suprised how BIG this gun is . It 's about the size of my wife 's blow dryer . It really is intended for large heat gun jobs like stripping and brazing . For the price , I 'm happy with it .
 This heat gun is 2 speed settings with several attachments . I use them at my shop to help dry paint and other coatings in the cold winter days . Speeds up my production time on several items . Easy to use and lightweight . Anyone can use this for whatever you need to put some extra heat on .
 Does the job . Cheap . lots of accesories . Came quick . Using it for making custon sleeved computer cables . Couldnt ask fo more .
 quickly reached max temperature , came with a wide variety of attachments , built-in stand worked well . Overall a great package that is significantly less than comparable models .
 I 've owned this handy little kit for a little over a year now . It has worked well with no issues mechanically -LRB- up to this week -RRB- . The heat gun has worked well for many different jobs and the carrying case allows a nice place to store everything.For the price this is a great deal , even if only for the heat gun and case , I hardly use any of the other accessories and the stand is pretty useless.So I give this product 4 stars because of the price and lifetime of the product . As I mentioned the heat gun quit working on me a couple days ago , it fell from a countertop and a piece of the heating element broke off inside of it , this caused the fan to quit working while the heating element continued to work . I 've posted up 2 pictures to show what happened , but I took the gun apart , removed the broken pieces -LRB- which prevent the fan from turning -RRB- and the gun works yet again!It 's a cheap costing product but if it quits working take it apart , do n't just buy a new one . I 'll save the rant for that . The gun housing is held together by 6 screws , the last one being on the front green piece , which simply twists off , after removing that green part you can pry the gun open . The fan/motor is held in place by 2 screws and slips into the fan shroud/heating element . If your gun quit working pull the fan out and see that the fins are n't catching on something .
 I work for a company that sells diabetic shoes . We have to heat the insoles in order to custom fit them to the patients ' feet . After 3 years of daily use , the heat gun just went out . For the money , I do n't think you can go wrong with it . I am definitely ordering another one .
 i needed a heat gun to apply vinyl tint on my taillights of my SUV . This was a great deal and worked as needed ! I def suggest this to anyone .
 In the middle of a major home renovation we realized we had a lot of varnish to remove . This unit with all of its attachments thrilled me with how easily it did the trick with so little mess . Have since used it for electrical work with shrink tubing and will be using it to remove very old tile glue on cement floors in 5 rooms before installing new flooring . A great buy and cheaper than Home Depot .
 Works great , gets really hot , and did what it was supposed to . It feels pretty solid until you turn it on , then the fan feels a bit cheap , all-in-all it was a great buy , and I would recommend this heat gun to anyone who need a heat gun from time to time .
 Purchased for that purpose only and it did the job , also has a lot of accessories for other projects that might be needed in the future.Only thing I dislike is how crammed everything is in the included carrying case , they obviously did not put time into designing it well and it 's a hassle to get the gun in there with the cord and latch it closed , otherwise no complaints for a < $ 30 heatgun .
 I purchased this tool to use mainly for heating hockey stick shafts to attach and remove stick blades . This worked perfectly for that task ! I burned out two of my wife 's hair driers over the last year , so it was time to move up to a real tool for the job . I also expect that when the time comes to remove varnish or glue etc from wood , this tool will perform . For the price and accessories with case , you ca n't beat it !
 It does not seem as hot as my old Wagner , but that could be better as it is less likely to burn the wood but seems slower to strip paint.I think this is because the fan flows more air . The heater element gets red hot . higher air flow means less time for the air to heat up . But this also means it may keep the burner lasting longer . Gain one thing , lose something else.It feels like a quality item and comes with nice accessories .
 The heat gun arrived promtly . It did n't feel like the highest quality part , but it did n't feel like it would fall apart or melt itself either . Lots of accessories for different uses . Two settings , and definatly get the job done for just about anything that needs alot of heat
 Well , I read the reviews that people were able to get their PS3 fixed with this hot air gun , so I thought that I would give it a try . After pulling my PS3 apart , I used the low setting and reflowed each of the components for 20 - 30 seconds , and when I put everything together , my PlayStation works like new.I have read reviews on other hot air guns which state that the gun only lasted a couple of days , but since I only purchased this gun for fixing my PS3 , I feel like I got quite a bargain . I saved a lot of money by doing it myself .
 This is a fantastic set - A must buy if you want a entry level heat gun - You will find there is a lot you can do with this - I bought to fix my xbox 360 and it worked , but found other things to use it for .
 It works great and I 've been able to make a ton of stamps with it ! I do wish that the low setting was a little less hot .
 This is a multipurpose heat gun and so far I have only used it for heat shrink tubing and it does the job perfectly . It has to heating temps , hot and hotter ! It is easy to use and will stay on it own back , shooting straight up , so that you can also work the tubing round and round for shrinking over cables . For the price , it is an outstanding product .
 I bought this heat gun 6 months ago . I first used it with a putty knife to remove vinyl tiles from my kitchen floor . It took about 4-5 minutes to pry each tile up . I like that the heat gun comes with a storage case and you can set the gun on the open storage case while it cools . I also liked the attachments which direct the airflow in different directions . I next used the heat gun to melt paint off of some old screws . Lastly I used the heat gun with an adhesive patch to repair a hole in a pair of jeans . The heat gun worked well for all 3 jobs . I disagree with the reviewers who say the storage case does n't close although I do agree that it is not possible to wrap up the cord of the heat gun as nicely as it was when it first arrived in the storage case . I would highly recommend this heat gun .
 My old heat gun broke dow so , I was looking for a new one . I came upon this one saw the price , was sceptical but ordered it anyway , I 'm glad I did it works great
 Heats up and works fine . For the price I am not sure what else you would want it to do .
 bought it 2 years ago , worked fine on what i needed it for . and it 's still working today , well worth the price
 This is a great heat gun with all the attachments that should be needed , and at a great price 10 * 's . My only con is no temp control - on off .
 The item is well packaged and of good quality . Exactly as advertised , purchased for use in a computer repair shop , making the dual settings particularly valuable . The extra attachment also proved to be very useful . Have sincepurchased a second one .
 I normally use heat gun for my job everyday . I am so happy with this product . Highly recommended for Laptop Technician . You pay what you get .
 Wanted to remove the white paint on the wooden panels . I bought this Heat Gun . It has to be used like a ' hair dryer ' very carefully . It worked so well in removing the paint from the lovely wooden panels . One has to be patient as the paint has to be removed slowly.It took me 1 hour to remove paint from a panel 6 '' x 20 '' . The result is very good .
 I have always put off purchasing a heat gun because I figured it was a waste of money - now I 'm sorry I waited so long!It basically feels like a hair dryer , but I would n't recommend using it on your hair as it will likely met it from your head.I liked the fact this came with a case for storage , the case is a bit flimsy and the parts wont fit in it very well but for my occasional use this is perfect . I have had it for over a month and used it 10 + times with no trouble .
 I liked the heat gun and the case . Great value for money . The maximum temperature is not very high , but good enough for what I was trying to accomplish
 I feel I got more than what I paid for . Great product , easy to use , more attachments than I expected , but nice to have . Keep out of reach of children !! Also , advise wife that this IS NOT A HAIR DRYER !!! * just kidding *
 I used it to fix my PS3 and it worked just fine . It is not expensive , so it is perfect to have at home for casual projects . I handled several other heat guns -LRB- same price range -RRB- at the local hardware store , and this one feels more robust . It comes with a plastic case , and lots of accessories , which I would probably never use , but they came for the same price that other brands sell similar products .
 I just bought this heat gun to get the hideous tint off of my car that the previous owner had put on . It actually worked quite well . I have no complaints about the product itself . My problem is the case it has to be in . The box does n't hold the accessories very well and I still have n't been able to close the things since I 've opened it . Nothing fits in there correctly unless I 'm missing something . All and all I 'm happy with my purchase . It was shipped and received quickly
 I purchased this item to help me shine my leather shoes and equipment while I was going through some training . We always had to have our leather polished and it was open to inspection at any time , so to save time I got this heat gun . The price was right , and I figured I could use it after my training as well . Anyhow for anyone that does not know , a heat gun can be used with kiwi shoe polish in place of a lighter . Apply a thin coat of polish to the leather with a damp cotton ball , heat it gently with the heat gun until it gets shiny , let it cool down , and repeat . Do about three coats of polish and take a new damp/wet cotton ball and rub it all of the leather until it shines . It works quickly and its efficient if you have a lot of leather to polish . I have not used the heat gun for anything else , but held up to six and a half months of polishing several hours at a time . It was a good buy for me .
 I ca n't really attest to the longevity or quality of this heat gun . Only used it for 5min max so far . Did n't sound like it was doing so great but it did the job.Used the low setting for 30sec or so on each chip and on the back side . PS3 is back up and running.If you are looking specifically for fixing the PS3 , ca n't really go wrong with this one . Worked for me and only a fraction of the cost that sending it in for repair would be.Also highly recommend gilksy 's walk through . Piece of cake .
 I just needed to fix my Playstation ... and I did this job well with the heat gun . I was n't expensive method to fix and I 'm happy I did by myself .
 I bought this heat gun to remove ICs from circuit boards that a normal soldering iron would have a difficult time doing . I 've only used it a handful of times so far , but it has n't let me down yet .
 I bought this gun to fix my PS3 YLOD and it worked so nice . Not complain at all . I recommend it to anyone .
 I did n't know anything about heat guns but this was a good price so I went for it . It works great and I 've used it to fix multiple RRoD errors on Xbox 360s .
 This tool came on time and was in a nice case . seems to do the job as stated in the advert . i like it .
 I just receive this item but I take a look on it and looks greate , I think like the item looks , works too
 I bought these brackets to install a handrail along my hallway . They 're of good quality and serve the job well so I recommend them . I could n't find these in this finish at the local big box stores ; thank goodness for Amazon !
 I purchased this for my husband . He has every kind of gadget you can imagine . He loves odd things and all kinds of tools . We have not used this yet but he thought it was a great gift for the man that has everything and needs nothing . He said it will come in handy when I 'm not around to hold a tape measure for him when he needs to hang something.This would be great for a single person that likes to decorate and hang things around the house and needs 4 hands .
 This ring , with its wide , oval shape , allows a hand towel -LRB- properly folded in thirds -RRB- to hang without wrinkling it . What I 've found with the round types , that are all the rage and the only shape most other manufacturers offer , is that the towel gets squished , wrinkled and look unattractive.If you are obsessive about this issue as we are , this is the towel ring for you .
 I bought this at Sam 's Club for $ 50 . After looking at faucets for a long time I thought I was going to end up paying hundreds for a good faucet . I am totally satisfied with this faucet . It looks great and works great also !!! 5 stars !
 Using it for 2 years with no problem . It has ceramic disc cartridges - > drip free and high rise spout - > very comfortable .
 I 've had this sink in my kitchen for 18 years and it still cleans up sparkling bright and clean . It 's had rugged use and has had everything from heavy stainless pots and pans to cast iron skillets and grill tops dropped in it and barely shows any wear . Does it mark and stain ? Of course it does , it 's a white stone composite . But that is easily removed with a 3-M Heavy Duty Scotch-Brite scouring pad -LRB- which I keep in the front drop down drawer of the sink -RRB- and a little dish detergent . For tougher stains a little bleach with the pad takes out everything else including heavy rust rings which , by the way , only happens in my sink if a can is left on the wet surface over night or longer . Perhaps I am not as finicky as some , but I 'm not bothered by a few little marks in my sink , and when I do get around to cleaning it up -LRB- a couple times a week -RRB- , it takes less than 15 seconds . I love this sink simply because it has survived my rough family with rugged grace and style , and still cleans up like it was new -- pretty good for a white sink . It 's beautiful and one of the best purchases I 've ever made . If you ca n't handle less than perfection without a little elbow grease , this is not the sink for you . But if you 're looking for a handsome addition that will , with a little effort , still clean up white and bright and look great after 18 years of heavy use and abuse , this is your baby . By the way , I also love its extra large bowl . It has accommodated everything from baby baths and huge crystal vases to a wedding reception and a large , disgruntled raccoon . A little bleach and it was white and bright again .
 We have the sink in Galaxy Black and we love it !!! No stains for us and the little scuff marks that happen come right out ! I suppose you need a darker colored counter-top to work well with the dark sink , and we do , but I think the contrast with a lighter colored counter-top may work well also .
 I love this sink ... I purchased the white ... it can be cleaned easily with BLEACH for STAINS and Mr.CLEAN ERASERS for POT & PAN MARKS ... so easy !!!!!! Love the deep large bowls ... perfect for large items !
 Very happy with this sink . I took a long time reviewing different materials used in sinks and decided on solid surface . It does not stain , scratch etc. . This was affordable too .
 I love the lamps firstly due to the fact they came in a pair ! They are pretty , very light in weight , and look like bronze or wood with a bronzed finish . The only thing I did n't like was the difficulty in finding a light bulb that fit the shades . I had to switch shades until I find bulbs that fit . They fit where I wanted them to in my home and add a very nice accent to the space .
 This is by far the best fan on the market today . A little complicated to install but it 's worth the money.Very quiet and smooth running . The optional remote wall switch controls all the funtions you need .
 These are pretty knobs but they are pretty small , they get lost on cabinets . I think they would look better on a really small drawer or something . They have a lot of copper that shows through also -LRB- compared to some ORB that is mostly black looking -RRB- . These are more bronze looking than black . They are nice though , just pay attention to the size . Shipped very quickly also .
 The product is exactly as pictured and described . The seller was outstanding . Super fast shipping . Their customer service was perfect . One of the knobs was the wrong color , apparently a factory defect because the packaging stated that it was the correct knob . When I contacted the seller , they were prompt to respond and send a new knob . Would highly recommend them and will use them again without hesitation .
 This timer worked just as I would expect it to work . It 's a simple timer and randomly turns on . The override switch is nice so this way you can leave it plugged in whenever and just flip the switch back to timer when you leave .
 This little knob replaced a plain damaged knob I had on a little wood door by my fireplace . It looks nice with the stone , wood and the wrought iron fire screen . My experience with Amerock products has been good . The hardware is well made and they offer many different designs .
 Although these are available at home depot , they are better priced here on Amazon - and easier to buy !! from the comfort of the couch ! -LRB- Got ta LOVE Amazon , right ?! -RRB- These are a quick easy way to spiff up the look of boring cabinet doors/drawers . I want more for my other bathrooms - and the kitchen !
 I used about 50 of these splice connectors for outdoor splices
 Scotchloks work great for quick electrical applications , and they are a must have part for our electrical box on the farm . We use these connectors on trailer and tractor lights where a quick , easy and water-resistant connection is needed . The dielectric grease in these fittings is perfect , and the connections are always firm . I highly recommend these fittings for most automotive-type electrical connections .
 I bought 2 different kinds so I would not have to wait for shipping if the others did n't work but these were used to extend my fence with wire I purchased at a hardware store and they are life savers , literally saved my dogs from the SPCA , neighbors are happy , we still have our dogs , and the dogs entertain themselves in their yard more .
 These work really good and are easy to use . Just place the stripped wires in -LRB- to be connected -RRB- and snap down the blue part . If you need a waterproof connection this is it .
 If you are splicing wires that will be used in wet conditions , this is your product . Easy to use , reliable , and economical
 I purchased this set because it was inexpensive , less than six bucks . I did n't expect much , but I was surprised that the bits are well made and concentric . I needed to use the full length of the bit to drill some holes , and even chucking it at the tiny little hex nub at the end of the bit it spun true . Despite being made in China , these are good quality drill bits - sharp , concentric , and well finished . I 'm actually disappointed I ruined one when I hit a nail in the post .
 great shipping is why i purchased online . . found out the same one could be purchased local for 4 dollars less . . go figure ?
 This air pump has a deceptively large heart . It pumps up my bicycle tires to 100 lbs . very quickly . Only negative is there is no on/off switch . Power comes on when it is plugged into the cigarette lighter . Also , the power cord could be longer . But it is long enough . Price is right!Pricier pumps also have no on/off switch , and I feel this feature should be considered necessary for easy operation . Most photos on Amazon do not show whether there is an on/off switch . Most product descriptions omit whether there is an on/off switch . Amazon could improve by insisting on more detailed photos and more complete feature descriptions .
 This dandy pump runs off the 12 vdc lighter outlet in the car . It generates enough pressure for bike tires and can fill a soggy car tire while you finish your coffee . The pump housing gets hot hot hot , so the manufacturer recommends giving it a breather after a few minutes to cool off . Mine died after a 3 years of occasional use , but it worked so well and cost so little I 'll get another .
 The plating appears to make these drivers fit VERY tight on some allen key bolts . Not sure if I can give them a rating better than 3 but I 'll be generous and give em a 4 * for now.FWIW , I 'd stick with the regular Bondus drivers . I 've got those and they work perfecto.JohnG
 I have purchased many L wrench sets of many makes ; but this set is made really well . I am using it all the time for many work related tasks . I have used craftsman , stanley , and a few others ; but this brand takes a beating and still holds up to whatever i put it through . many bondhus tools are like that . I highly urge any one wanting a practical set to try any bondus brand . There are many types within the tool line.As for the retailer ; I can say that they provide prompt shipment . It is packaged well and the price is very competitive . I always shop around ; and its a joy that a retailer can sell this just a little less than someone else . I am all too happy to give them my business and will do business with them in the future .
 I have used this set at work for about a year now . They are scratched up as to be expected , but as far as performance goes they work just as good as the day I bought them . These are the best wrenches I have found to date . I love my Matco tools , but these deserve a spot beside them in my tool box . You ca n't go wrong with this purchase !
 Work great and have n't had any problems with them . The ball end engages securely even at rather steep angles .
 Great tools . I use them everyday as a mechanic . I have n't twisted or snapped one yet . Just wish they were a little bit longer .
 Been using this set for a while now in the tool and die field . Was n't to worried about the gold finish but it has held up well . Got them to be easily distinguishable from the standard black hex keys that most people have . The ball end is great and I would n't buy a set without it . Allows for use and an angle .
 I use these balldrivers everyday and love them.Nice finish and very strong at the ball end.Handy tool at a good price .
 I bought this one after finding out that the allen wrench set that came with my Stanley toolbox could n't handle a few small screws . One really nice feature is having the size engraved in the side of each wrench , with the exception of the two or three smallest ones . This makes it a lot easier to sort them out if you are using several of them at once or * gasp * a mix of metric and imperial.As others mentioned , the plating does result in an extremely tight fit on some screws -LRB- mind you , screw heads are made to differing tolerances , as well -RRB- , but if the straight end does n't fit easily , the ball end always fits in well with minimal effort . Other than that , this set covers the smaller end of standard imperial sizes pretty well.I do have to mention that the gold plating is nowhere near as good as it sounds . I splashed some tap water on these , threw them out onto the backyard lawn , and brownish spots did n't take very long to start showing up . They were n't too hard to clean off , but do n't expect these to survive a prolonged exposure to rain and such . Minus one star for that .
 super strong wrenches that never round off , keeps their shape nice as i use daily on the job . i love these wrenches - this is my third set ive had through the last few years .
 I ca n't find a better choice for a complete set of standard and metric L-allen wrenches plus they have the very handy ball drive on one end . People who have borrowed them are also impressed . Having the holders are a bonus .
 I use these wrenches every day at my job with no sign of wear . You can not find a better wrench than this at any price . These are as good as any I have purchased from Snap-on for a faction of the price .
 I have used this brand previously at work and have had good luck with them . The coating holds up to daily use and abuse .
 These are high-quality tools and do what they 're intended to do just fine . I recommend them . Appear to have all the commonly needed sizes .
 Best set of allen wrenches I 've ever had , they never wear down , at all!I 've worked with regular allen wrenches my whole life , will never work without these again
 When you purchase shims , you always expect a few of them to be broken and not useable . However , these shims arrived intact . ALL 42 of them . I have never purchased a packet of shims that was completely intact . Excellent product .
 It seems that yaal are the only ones who had the cedar simms , not lumber yards , not home depot , not ace , and not true hardware stores . so it looks like i 'll be a shoping with yaal , more in the future . thanks so much . product was top of the line . price was right and great delivery . do yaal have a catalog of items you carry . I 'm old school , LOL
 I 'm not using these for what they where meant for . I 'm using them to make a manger . and they are great .
 this set is great ... the pliers alone are worth the price but the hammer is hard ... dangerous to pets & brothers !
 Kept looking for an oiled bronze version but this one works well . It had a problem with soap drawing back down after a day . But a check valveVernay Polycarbonate Supravalve -LRB- R -RRB- Check Valve for use with 1/8 '' Tubing , 0-31 PSI , 212F Max TemporVernay Acrylic Supravalve -LRB- R -RRB- Check Valve for use with 1/8 '' Tubing , 0-31 PSI , 140F Max Temp -LRB- Pack of 10 -RRB- stuck in the clipped inlet tube makes for easily controllable flow that stays right up to the nozzle . Grohe should have used this instead of the simple ball check , just cheap/cheat .
 I purchased 4 of these 10 years ago . They still look new , but 2 out of 4 do n't pump anymore . I tried soaking with the nozzle upside down in warm water overnight in case Softsoap had hardened inside , but after several soakings , still wo n't work . Ca n't just buy the pump replacement . These last longer than those from Home Depot and look much better . In our house , 10 years + is a good lifetime for a soap pump .
 We wanted to have a soap dispenser that matched the look of our faucet . We purchased the Grohe solely for the looks . But as it turns out it works great too ! Very well made .
 I installed this product in a Corian countertop with no existing hole . It looks and works great ! The soap does not come out at the end of the nozzle , but instead below it a few millimeters . No problems as of yet .
 This seems to be a high quality item with one exception . Instead of screwing onto the bottom of the pump , the soap bottle just clips on . Why did they design it that way when the pump already has screw threads?On other Grohe models there have been complaints that the clip-on bottle falls off . It 's too soon to know if I 'll have that problem , but I hope not . It would be really messy if it happens !
 The dispenser was a great match for our Grohe Faucet . It was easy to install and it looks and works great ! Would reccommend .
 I purchased two dispensers to replace ones that were constantly breaking at the cost of $ 20 each . These seem to be well designed and made . Grohe also informed me that if I keep the sales receipt they will replace anything that breaks . By buying 1/4 inside diameter tubing I was able to eliminate the bottles that come with the dispensers and draw the soap out of large gallon containers which cuts down the refill efforts . I will admit getting the soap up the tube to the dispenser was a bit of an effort but once done it works well . I have other Grohe products and have been totally satisfied with them .
 I ordered this for my mom who has a very small bathroom and was looking for somewhere to put her extra towels . This nicely holds 4 bath towels . Not big enough to hold bath sheets . But it works perfectly for what she needed it for . It looks really nice too .
 I absolutely love this rack . Using it as a towel rack in small bathroom . Classy and cute . Very sturdy and came shipped well not bent like others have said . Also shipped much faster then said . I highly recommend !
 It was exactly what I was looking for in our guest bathroom to hold extra bath towels , Very nice looking .
 I loooove this towel rack . I have a small bathroom without a linen closet . I used to have my towels rolled up & in a basket on the floor . This took up valuable floor space . I now have the towels rolled up & in the towel rack on the wall . It looks great & I constantly get compliments on the rack . Shipping was very quick . Would highly recommend this seller .
 Took my chances on the first set to see if they 'd fit/work for my 1977 Toyota . They were perfect ! Ordered a 2nd set for the passenger seat . No more rattling windows ! Woo !!!
 The fit and finish on this tool is excellent . This tool was manufactured in the USA.I purchased this to help with demolition work in my garage . I removed the outer brick molding , garage door thermal break , and the primary molding surrounding the garage door . To put this into perspective , the brick molding is roughly the size of a 2x4 , and the primary molding is 3/4 '' x 5 1/2 '' . The molding was secured with 3 '' nails . I already owned much larger pry bars for serious work , and I purchased the Vaughan B215L Original SuperBar , but I wanted something for smaller moldings and dealing with putty.I really like this little bar , and it is pretty sharp . I used this a few times in a tight spot , but I would have used it more if I needed to remove smaller moldings -LRB- such as i my house -RRB- . The small moldings that I removed , were attached to a much larger molding that I removed with the larger bar . I did use it , however , to remove a few pieces that were very poorly situated for the larger pry bars . Wish I had this when I removed a bunch of interior oak moldings from a house on a previous project .
 I just love this product . It is super easy to install and creates an air barrier that provides a great deal of insulation . I placed it over a couple of my sliding glass door openings that I seldom use . It has made a world of difference in my sun room , providing a wonderful heat barrier without hinder my view of the gulf in the least . .
 My house windows are old , double pane , single glass and ... leaky!This window insulation Kit is sooo easy to install . But the best part is ... I felt the results immediately!Amazon 's promptness with delivery was amazing !
 It was great and keeps the wind and air out . I would recommend this product to keep winte air out .
 I love these shrink window kits . I 've been using these for 3 years now . I do n't think they 'll stick to a metal specially a cold one but my windows are all wood and for my patio door I use my floor -LRB- laminate -RRB- to stick it to the bottom and the framing is all wood so I 've had no issues at all .
 I use this product every year for my windows , works well most of the time except that sometimes the tape does n't hold well , other then that is a good product .
 From my understanding of the science behind it , the purpose of this product is to create an additional air barrier between your window frame and your living space . Air is a relatively poor conductor of cold/heat such that it reduces infiltration into the home . It 's the same theory behind why double-pane windows with an internal air -LRB- gas -RRB- barrier are used in most modern homes . Plastic film seems to be a cheap , easy way to create a fixed air pocket that does n't circulate with your room air - hence this product . Of course once it is up you loose all ability to open the window or adjust inset blinds . Not a big deal in the winter , and it 's meant to be removed anyway in the summer.My need for this insulation kit is actually a bit different . My wife likes it humid in our bedroom and bathroom , especially in the winter time . When Colorado temperatures drop below freezing , condensation forms on the windows - even those that are double-paned . Since we rarely open the curtains/blinds during the winter , that water collects , mold forms , ... not a good result . So I figured by putting this film up the humidity in the room would not come in contact with the window and no mold . I was right . We 've been using this film on two windows for 2 months now , with temperatures down in single digits and 40 % humidity inside . No condensation on the window or the film.Installation was relatively easy . Measure the window opening , add a couple inches just in case , lay out the film , and cut to size . The double-size tape is applied by peeling off the paper and applying to the outside edge of the trim , or an inch or so out from the window frame inside the opening . I tried both and both worked . Then take the film , keep it taught , and place it in contact with the tape all around for a good seal . This is heat-shrink film so a hair dryer on low a few inches away will take out the inevitable folds in the film . Too close or too hot and you 'll cause a tear . After that you 're all done.Note
 I live in NYC . Winters are cold and my windows are very very drafty -LRB- the storm portion of one is actually missing !!! -RRB- . I finally figured out how to use this product and now it works PERFECTLY ! Here are my tips :1 -RRB- I use windex to clean the window sill . Dry with hair drier . -LRB- dont go nuts here , 5 min tops -RRB- mine are wood and painted wood .2 -RRB- My wife has 2 hair driers - the good one works much better at shrinking the wrap than the cheap one - also it has a piece at the end which directs the air and that works well . Work from the middle out .3 -RRB- *** Most Important Step *** After you stick the tape to the window frame with the backing still on use the back of the scissor or any hard plastic/metal object -LRB- channel locks for ex -RRB- and rub the tape into the frame vigorously -LRB- again dont go nuts , just press a little -RRB- . This is a trick I learned from packing tape - it removes all of the bubbles and makes the tape stick !! 4 -RRB- When you peel the backing off you can see where you rubbed by the difference in color .5 -RRB- After you apply the plastic -LRB- which I see one reviewed was not wise enough to know it is folded many times ! -RRB- do the scissor trick again -LRB- gently this time -RRB- .6 -RRB- Another important part
 We live in Dallas , and we do get some pretty hard cold and winds - and since we live in a circa 1910 farm house with original single pane windows , the drafts can be bad . So we thought we 'd try something suggested from friends up north - we built storm window frames and used this shrink wrap to cover them from the inside . And today , as I write this , we 're in the middle of one of the worst we 've seen in a while -LRB- 1 Feb 2011 - the whole nation seems to be in a deep freeze -RRB- and they 're working great !
 I have never used any window kits in the past . This was my first experience , and for what I needed this worked really well . The double sided tape worked just fine . It stuck well to the frame of the window , and the plastic stuck just fine to the tape . I had a really great experience with this product , and I 'd use it again . For the extra large window I have , not a patio door , it sealed it off really well . It made a huge difference , as the window allowed a lot of freezing cold air in . This product has insulated that window , and now the heat stays in the room . It is so great to be able to heat a room and have the heat stay in the room . I love this product .
 Cheap and effective way to eliminate air seepage through windows . This is not a permanent fix but will keep air out until you can have windows replaced .
 This should be in cluded with the purchase of the ladder since it s a must for anyone using the ladder
 I like the way you just bolt this on and go . It really makes a better working platform out of a ladder .
 A very handy shelf . You sure would n't want to stand on it though -- of course , it has that warning on it .
 Works great . Seems new ladders do n't come with shelves like they used to . Really need a shelf to put stuff onl
 Have an older Werner ladder -LRB- model 6056 -RRB- . This pail shelf fit perfectly and performs flawlessly . Wish I had discovered it earlier . Fully recommend .
 This Werner ladder shelf is a must for all Werner step ladders . A great product that really helps working from a ladder . A + + + +
 I used this on Bruce 3/8 engineered hardwoods . I installed 330 square feet . It was amazing . Jammed 2x on the entire job . Unjamming involved removing the foot and replacing it . HINT
 Great tool right out of the box . But do yourself a favor and get the Bostitch staples !!!
 I bought this after giving up being on a waiting list two weeks to rent one from a local hardware store . Glad I bought it . Not only is it a great tool and easy to use , but since I do n't have to worry about returning a rental , I can take my time on the installation . I had never done this before , but it 's been very easy installing the 3/8 engineered flooring I purchased for our remodel . I 've put in about 800 square feet without any problems . Even my 9 year old son has had no problems operating this tool . If you are going install new 3/8 '' hardwood , save yourself a samll fortune by buying one of these and doing it yourself .
 Product arrived on time and in great condition . I am installing Brazilian Teak which is extremely hard . The gun has had a couple of mis-fires which were likely user error combined with the fact that this is extremely hard wood . This gun feels like it is a product designed to be a quality product meant to be used everyday . At the same time , the mag body allows it to be lightweight .
 I own 2 of these runners and install thousands of feet of flooring , you can staple as fast as you can and it works like a champ , I highly recommend this runner
 I recently purchased the Bostitch LHF97125-2 hardwood floor stapler and I am very happy with it . The stapler is lightweight and makes moving along the floor easy ; as a matter of fact , my 14 year old son also installed some of the floor and had no trouble with the stapler . Since we plan to install more hardwood flooring , the price was worth paying compared to renting one . The entire time I was using it , it never jammed once . The only trouble I had was I had to make sure the firing mechanism was at the right angle . -LRB- only because I got going too fast -RRB- . All in all it was a great purchase .
 Just received the stapler and it looks like a gorilla handled it in shipping but didnt see any damage to gun . The shipping was fast ordered it on a Saturday got it on a Tuesday . Would have liked to had a case with it , but cant have everything . Gun seems lightweight and easy to use . Staples are in stock locally so no running around to find them . Will write more once I am using it more though .
 this stapler works perfectly , I am a contractor and lay a few miles of hardwoods and laminates per year and this stapler certainly speeds things up . Staples are easily found at your local home depot stores , the only problem we encountered was not knowing when you had run out of staples and it needed refilling , minor problem . You do need to put twice as many staples in than normal , but it is a lot cleaner than using adhesives .
 This is a great little tool for installing flooring . I installed about 1200 ft ^ 2 of oak floor without a single jam , leak or damage to the floor . The tool just goes and goes . It 's fast and easy to use . Great product .
 This gun works great !! I have already done two floor jobs totaling over 1000 sf and no problems . I ca n't wait to use it on the next job . The only negative thing is , there is the lack of a carrying case . Not a real negative , though .
 excellent product . works well right out of the box . after renting several times its allready paid itself off . bostitch does not make a hard plastic case though . buy the staples at the same time . i did not receive my staple order until well after i found them locally .
 I have one of these staple guns and will need to order another in the near future . It is a great tool . Resists jamming , light weight and handles a variety of wood thicknesses . The stapler does everything promised . I lend this stapler to customers of our flooring store with no operational problems at all . The gun has help to install 1000 's of square feet of wood floors with plenty of life remaining . A true 5 star product .
 We were told to purchase this stapler by the guys a a flooring store -LRB- LL -RRB- . We were installing a room of enginered 1/2 '' hardwood in our 10 '' X 12 '' dining room . It was easy to use and set the depth . Once you get going , it flys . When we were done , my wife said that that was easy , how about the living room.After the living room came our massive kitchen , two of the upstairs bedrooms , and a bathroom for good measure . The stapler was flawless . I was going to sell it , because we wood floored up , most of the house . My wife said to keep it , just in case ! After all that flooring , it looks like new . Never a jam or any kind of issue . Well made .
 Excellent tool but did not last . The mechanism that pushes the staples out when it fires , came out and will not stay in . Had to return it .
 This item is a great assett to anyone that does engineered flooring installation . Very visible staple cartridge . No jambs and accurate on every shot . Consistant depth control . Ran this tool on a 2 gallon air compressor and had no problems
 Bought this from Amazon when they were running a promo . Used the staples recommended by Amazon -LRB- German made -RRB- as well as Bostich staples bought at Home Depot . Installed Mirage Engineered Hardwood floor due to online and distributor reviews -LRB- can not buy Mirage online any longer , but has an excellent distribution network as far as I can see -RRB- . The stapler worked flawlesly for over 7500 staples . Back in box and looks new . I take of the tools and do n't use pneumatic staplers as a general purpose hammer or bottle opener.Minor complaint
 If looking for an accurate and time saving tool this is the way to go . No wiping away messy glue just set the Floor Runner to the proper height of your laminate floor and run with it . The angle of the staples push the seems together for a good tight fit leaving no gaps .
 Recently purchased this product to lay down enginered flooring . It is definately worth the cost as it makes a challenging job a lot easier . The main obsticle I had was finding the correct staples locally . I actually found them in Home Depot in their tool rental area . My local Home Depot rents this same model out -LRB- if you can get it -RRB- which always gives me some confidence in its sturdiness.If your going to lay engineered flooring ... get this product .
 This is my first time using a flooring stapler . It took me a while to get used to the proper positioning to get the staples at the inside edge of the tongue of the boards . After that every thing went smoothly .
 My previous hardwood installs were done with adhesive , and I was n't about to go through that mess again , so I decided to buy a stapler . I research heavily before I make a purchase such as this , and as usual , it paid off . I drove about 4000 staples on the first job with this stapler and it went great ! It was easy to set up , easy to use , lightweight but not cheaply made , and the learning curve was smooth and easy ! As long as you make certain the stapler is positioned correctly on the board you 're good to go . Once you get it positioned , you just slide it along the board and fire however often you want . I stapled every two inches approximately . I tend to go into overkill , but I did n't want squeaks . This was much easier and faster and cleaner than using adhesive , and with the price of manufacturer-approved adhesives being what they are , this stapler is a real bargain , considering I can use it on future jobs .
 Bought this to install 5/16 '' Oak Hardwood . Tool Rental place wanted $ 39 a day . Got this for $ 219 . Wasted a lot of time trouble shooting why it was only firing 4 staples before craping out . Thought the Stapler had a problem but turned out to be my old air hose . Switched out with a new one did the trick . After figuring out the adjustments and setting the right air pressure it worked very well.I would recommend this to anyone and also suggest you buy the Bostitch staples too at the same time . They can be hard to find locally .
 Was very pleased with the quality , pricing and shipping of this product . Looked around and found this item several places but for more money for the same product . Local hardware store did not even stock it . My husband and I just put down an engineered hardwood floor and found the ease of use very helpful . Made the job go much faster . Would recommend this product to anyone . I know it did not come with a case but a lot of my husband 's tools do not come with a case either so that was not a sticking point with us . The quality of the staple gun was of the greatest importance to us . Thanks for the good quality merchandise .
 This has become my new wood glue . If foams up a lot so just use a very small amount . It needs preasure to make a good bond so flaking away the excess that foams out of the seam is easy after it dries . It will leave a brown stain but takes pain and primer well . so glue first then paint . Best wood glue ever if the joint is well clamped .
 I use this glue in a furniture repair store and prefer it above all other glues , even Gorilla . For best adhesion , dampen a little bit first . Then just use a very thin amount . Wait 15 minutes and remove the excess . At 1 hour it is reasonably dry ; in 24 hours it is solidly dry and holds like iron . It expands about 7 times , so it even works to hold in a screw , bolt , or dowel . We just glue the tip of the screw and it fills around the whole screw . Since it is a polyurethane product , it hold rock-hard . Since it expands 7 times , it lasts forever , so do n't worry about the price . We probably used the medium bottle for over 100 jobs .
 These are very strong and sturdy for hanging the John Sterling brackets on , not your usual flimsy brackets for supporting shelves . We installed it in a garage and it was very easy for seniors with 2 thumbs .
 I never write reviews , but I have to say I took a gamble and got this for my daughters birthday . It blew the lightbulb just like the other review stated , pretty much within 5-10 minutes . We just went to Home Depot the next day and got another bulb . It works great , just the initial bulb issue . I would just have another one handy so its not an initial disappointment if this does happen .
 We have a DJ business , and have been using this product for over 10 years now.We use 2 of them sitting on our tower speakers as an added lighting attraction.We have just purchased our 4th one after all these years . They will last a long time if you take care of them.Big-C .
 We wanted to get a `` disco ball '' for our daughter 's room -LRB- 5 year old -RRB- because she likes to dance to her music in there . This seems fine so far , quality is what you 'd expect . The light it puts out is pretty bright and produces a very impressive `` disco ball '' effect . She loves it . The ball is about the size of a soccer ball , maybe a bit smaller.My only complaint is that it 's really just a bit expensive for what it is . But obviously that did n't prevent me from buying it . I looked around online and I decided to pay a bit more through Amazon that use a vendor I was n't familiar with .
 NOT BAD . . it is bright and alot bigger than i thought ... -LRB- its the size of a mens basketball -RRB- ... it turns but likes to stop or slow down some ... . and doesnt work upsid down ... -LRB- but its not really meant to -RRB- ... . you can take it apart and adjust the gears yourself ... overall it works well for what its designed to do ... which is put cool bright disco lights all over your walls and ceiling ... and is bright enough to light up a even a 30x30ft room nicely ...
 Everything worked out of the box . My Granddaughter is delighted with it . Fast shipping and great product . It works great in a regular size bedroom .
 The bulb that came with the light lasted for just a couple minutes . We purchased a new bulb and it has worked great since .
 I think that the light bulb is not strong enough to endure all the shaking and shocking during the shipping process . But this is expected since I read all the reviews before I made purchase.I bought a new light bulb and everything is fine .
 This is nice I to this for my daughter . The light is not very bright , but work well for young children that like to dance and sing and put on an act for you to watchIt was receive fast and in perfect condition
 Hours of fun for my daughter and her friends . Ordered for her birthday disco party , and it was a hit . Only downside is the bulb included never worked , so I would have a backup handy .
 Very pleased with the fast shipping of our disco ball . It really adds a lot to our Karaoke Show . Thank you Amazon . Will continue to buy from you .
 This lamp looks awesome . It also provides quite a bit of light , as it should.Qality can be a little better but all the lamps I had were no better in terms of quality.Made in China ... So , be carefull when assembling it . In order to get it stable and straight it needs to be assembled properlyOnce assembled none of the quality issues are visible or can be felt.The table is a nice touch .
 Lenox by far and above makes the best drill bits of this type . I have had a couple of these for several years and even when they are dull they cut better than new bits of some other brands .
 I used this product to brand over 100 wooden boxes for wedding favors . It was easy to use and the finish was outstanding . I would recommend this to family and friends to permanently mark items .
 I 've used the kit for a few projects around the house and I love the rugged feel of the unit . I 've picked up an extra set of probes for electronics use . The display is easy to read , readings are quick and the probes are very high quality . Pricey for sure but the build quality is top-shelf . Made in the USA .
 The product came complete and in new condition . I saved a good deal of money over the same unit I bought for work . Fluke is one of the best meters out there and I 'm very pleased to own one at a substantial savings . I look forward to many years of service from this meter . I would use this supplier again . Thank you , RM .
 The Fluke 87V , is the very best multimeter in the field service technician 's kit . Paired with the E2 kit , the 87V True RMS meter 's value exceeds the needs for the technician in the electrical , instrumentation , HVAC , and automotive roles . The wide variety of signal outputs that can be accurately measured , aid in the troubleshooting and repair just about any system .
 I 've had this meter for a year now and I love it . Its accurate , has great battery life , and has great features that I use often . I 'm a student an a Electrical Technologies two year program and we do a lot of troubleshooting activities in our various Industrial controls class . The ` Autohold ' and ` MIN/MAX average ' functions are very useful and I would recommend anyone buying this meter thoroughly read the manual , this meter has a lot of features that can make your life easier if you know how to use them . The low pass filter is a must for anyone working with VFDs . It is a true rms meter which is a very important feature in environments that have distorted wave forms.All of the controls feel excellent and well built . No rattling or inconsistent button function . The back light is bright and fairly consistent , not as good as some meters I 've seen but perfectly functional . The input jacks are very well built and feel tight when the leads are plugged in . One thing I especially like is the loud tone it makes when you are using the continuity function or changing settings . Its very distinct and easy to hear with earplugs in while other people are working . The overall build quality feels excellent and tough . The auto-ranging is quick . If the test leads are plugged into the wrong jacks for the measurement you are taking it displays the word ` leads ' in big letters and lets out a constant warning tone to help save you from blowing up your meter.The leads are high quality CAT IV 600 CAT III 1000v , have nice shrouded leads -LRB- so you do n't kill yourself if you unplug the meter while attached to something -RRB- . You can plug different probes into them and fluke has a variety of other accessories that use the same leads . You get a very nice pair of alligator clips and some test probes . The test probes are the shrouded type that conform with the new CAT IV standard . They are good probes but hard to get into receptacles so plan on getting another type if you need to do that often . The alligator clips are nice and have are have a lip you push on from the back to open the jaws , keeps your hands clear of any dangerous voltage . The jaw clamps hard and wo n't slip from just about anything you care to attach it to , including earlobes.The included temperature probe is a bit disappointing , its just a thermocouple on a long wire and is n't rated to a very high temperature . Personally I would have preferred an adapter for K-type probes . However it is functional and accurate , I have no complaints about its build quality . Out of everything included it is probably the accessory I use the least and if I had any serious need for it I would upgrade to something better.The best accessory has to be the magnetic holder . I thought it was completely cheesy and would never work when I saw it listed in the kit . When I finally got the courage to use it I realized how strong and effective it is . Any magnetic surface it clings to very tightly . It is very easy to hang off of panel doors or the side of boxes so you can use your hands for other tasks . I never take it off the meter anymore . That and the alligator clips make it easy to operate equipment while its hooked up to the meter , and that makes troubleshooting much easier.The included case is good quality , a little small after you get the accessories unwrapped and start using them . But its a good case and does its job to protect the meter . If you have a lot of probes you want to take with you I would recommend something bigger with more pockets.I would like it if Fluke built this same meter with a Lo-Z function , that is almost standard today in industrial meters . It is n't essential but it makes you feel a bit more confident about the measurements in some settings . To compensate I bought a little adapter that plugs into the Fluke and lowers the input impedance . You do n't always want that function , especially if you are working on electronics , and I usually do n't have to use it . Whenever the Fluke 87-VI comes out it will have this and a whole host of other features I 'm sure.Apparently there is a problem with GSM cell phones and older versions of this same model . The new ones have been fixed and Fluke says they will repair or replace the meter if there is damage done to yours . I have a cell phone on me at all times and I have n't had any problems . But I 'm a tall guy and my cell phone is far away from where I hold my meter.To summarize this is a great kit well worth the price . I would highly recommend it for anyone doing control work and for anyone doing industrial maintenance work . For residential or commercial electrical this is overkill and you can get great meters more suited to that work for cheaper . Anyone doing electronics would be better off buying the meter by itself and getting accessories better for electronics work -LRB- hook probes ect -RRB- .
 Although I 'm not a heavy user of a DMM , I do like a well built device and have always been impressed with Fluke DMMs and their rugged reliability since my USN days . I 've tried cheaper DMMS but they just do n't hold up and I 've never had the confidence in them that I do with this Fluke . While the Fluke 117 may have been adequate for my needs , I took the advice of other reviewers and purchased the 87V for its enhanced capabilities , accuracy , higher electrical safety ratings , audible warnings , and limited lifetime warranty . That said , I did like the 117 's `` VoltAlert '' feature for automatic ac/dc voltage selection and wished the 87V had it as well.I purchased my 87V in the `` 87V/E2 Combo Kit '' form and I 'm glad I did . The soft DMM storage case , probes , test leads , alligator clips , temperature probe , and magnetic hanging strap have all proven to be useful almost since the day I opened the package and were much cheaper in kit form . Do yourself a favor and get the kit ; you 'll be glad you did.While my use of this DMM to date has been limited , I 've done both AC and DC circuit work to include continuity testing where I found the rapid response of this DMM to be very helpful . Its peak capture capability , analog bar graph , and audible beep have all been very useful . The temperature probe has worked well and I 've found it to be surprisingly sensitive and accurate . The yellow rubberized case is very heavy duty and rugged . I 've had no trouble reading the display - the excellent backlighting feature does help in some situations . The selection buttons and rotary dial are easy to use and provide good tactile feedback . Finally , the supplied documentation is relatively clear and straight forward.I strongly recommend that if you 're new to DMMs or Fluke that you go to Fluke 's website -LRB- ... -RRB- to download some of their PDF files -LRB- e.g. , ABCs of DMMs , User Manuals , Test Procedures , etc. -RRB- prior to purchase . You may also want to consider comparing their DMM product line relative to your own requirements . It 's also a great place to look at accessories such as current clamps , test leads and probes that you may wish to consider as part of your DMM order . You can also request a free Fluke catalog which is nice to have on hand as a future reference.In summary , I 'm very happy the Fluke 87V , I strongly recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality DMM and would not hesitate in purchasing another if the need arose .
 I 've just purchased The Fluke 87V/E2 . This is a great meter and shipping only took two days . I am an industrial electrician and this meter will be a great tool in my line of work . The only thing that I wished that it came with is TP1 probes.They make it possable to reach into recepticals and twist lock plus . They send the TP38 probes in the kit , which only protrude less than 1/8 '' from the insulation , which will not reach into recepts . I 'm lucky because my other fluke has the TP1 -LRB- flat blades -RRB- , that saves me $ 20.00 . I also own the Fluke 123 scope meter which is also a great tool , but its size and short battery life make it a bit harder to use in the plant . The Fluke 87V also has a filter to make accurate measurements on the load side of VFD 's which is a big plus . Fluke products are pricey compaired to other meters out there , but when it comes to your safety is worth it when working with high voltages , it is well worth the price . I also have the Fluke i1010 clamp AMP meter which works well with both meters in my arsenal .
 Fluke makes a great product . if you want quality repeatable measurements Fluke is it . Although I wish the case was bigger
 I 've been wanting an 87V Fluke for a long time and I finally bit the bullet and shelled out the cash and I do n't regret it a bit . The legendary Fluke quality is evident from the first power-up . Nice clear display and all of the extra features make this meter a stand out . I have owned many different meters over my electrical career and the Fluke 87V is one of the best I have ever owned . Get the E2 kit . The magnetic holder and case alone make it worth the extra bucks . Recommended . Would purchase again .
 Naturally this is a tool any electrician should have and not having to go out and buy everything seperate is a bonus .
 I was looking for a replacement for a Fluke which I have had for thirty years ... which still works fine.The Fluke 87 exceeded my expectations . The auto ranging for AC was a little finicky at first . Butit started working better for me after I learned to touch the ground lead first then the other . It would thengo into auto ranging mode immediately . The electronic thermometer it came with was a little disappointingthe sensitivity is marginal . I ordered another Fluke probe to replace it . It is well built and robust and I reallylike the back lite display .
 Especially love the magnet feature which allows the fluke to be hung just about anywhere . The cost was a bit hefty - but I can see myself keeping this for the next 10 + years .
 I 've worked with Fluke 87 meters before , but version 1 , back in 1987 or 1988 . Great multi meter , as expected from a Fluke product .
 Everything about the purchase was good and the meter is just what I expected . I have had cheap meters before and am thrilled with the upgrade .
 The product is great but the bitLeatherman 830685 Charge TTi with Nylon Sheathkit came with only six bits and not the eight advertised . This is disappointing and too much hastle to exchange for just 2 bits .
 First , I tried a Super Tool 300 , Nice tool , a plus was the replacable wire cutting heads , but the tool is too big and heavy for everyday carry . Second , I tried a Swisstool Spirit S. Again a nice tool with lots of bells and whistles , but it just felt flimsy in my hand . Also , the black finish kept coming offr on my skin . Finally , I spent the extra 30 bucks and bought the Charge TTI and it 's just the ticket . Slightly smaller and lighter than the Supertool but feels solid as a rock . It has all the bells and whistles and then some . The interchangable bit drivers are a real plus . And it can be disassembled using Torx bits if the need ever arises . I 'm very happy with my final choice .
 I carry this tool in my everyday bag and it has been very useful . I generally carry another knife so the plain blade gets little use , but I have found almost all the other tools useful . I read some complaints about the tool being tight and difficult to operate . Well , mine was a little tight , but after a little lubrication and a night of playing with it while watching TV it works great . Even though the deal I got here was a pretty good one I do wonder what the profit margins are at Leatherman . After years in manufacturing I really see very little to make me believe this tool cost anywhere near $ 100 to produce . Anyway , at the end of the day I have no real complaints with this item .
 This tool is good all around and has the ripper type of cutter which is great for seat belts making it good for fire/rescue .
 Bought this to replace my 20 year old Wave . I must say this one feels a tad more substantial and a bit heavier even though it 's the TTi model . But it did come with a nice case some bits and a clip attachment . So all in all a good buy considering the steel used is much better them my 20 year old wave . So far happy with purchase .
 I 've owned several Leatherman multitools over the years , including the original PST classic , and can say after a year of regular -LRB- ab -RRB- use that the Leatherman Charge tops 'em all . I 've had opportunity to use each tool , and none are lacking . The * only * downside of this multitool that I 've run into -LRB- many times -RRB- is that you must be careful when using the pliers to not pinch your skin between the sharp outer edges of the folded blades .
 My first one was for work as I simply could n't cart a tool box with me . It worked surpurbly for electrical work and general small odd jobs . It did feel bulky on the hip however the convience of just grabbing it and knowing you had everything from finger nail trimming to re-wiring the trailer lights covered was well worth it.Mine saw a lot of use in saltwater . Washing with freshwater and then oiling resulted in only superficial rust appearing . Unfortunately when I left that job I had to hand the knife in . Have looked very hard at the skeletor models but was after a saw . I then remembered how handy the scissors were and also that micro screw driver that I figured the extra weight can be saved eleswhere.So I have just ordered two more . One for me and one for dad .
 I was looking for the right tool to replace the 25 + year old Leatherman super tool my dad passed on to me some years back . Although it is beginning to get a bit loose after decades of hard use , I 'm not retiring it just yet . The new Leatherman tools with improved deployment and locking features are much better suited for my needs , so after several months of research into other brands , and other Leatherman multi-tools , I decided on the Charge tti . My super tool will now ride in the glove compartment . By the way , cudos to Nutnfancy for his great review on you-tube . That review , along with many positive written reviews solidified my decision.I was like a kid on Christmas day when it arrived . Naturally I immediately began fiddling with it , and soon noticed that the main blade had a small chip in it . From what I 've heard , S30V steel is supposed to be top quality . So I was a little bummed , but I figured if sharpening the blade did n't fix it I could always send it back . A few passes on my DMT Diafold Sharpener solved the problem , and the blade is razor sharp again . I have n't done a lot of cutting with either the straight , or serrated blades much yet , so I ca n't comment on how well they hold an edge.Another thing I do n't care for is that the quick detachable lanyard ring likes to fall off when I 'm opening something on that side of the tool , ie . the can opener . It happens about mid way from closed to open . This is n't a locking mechanism problem . The belt clip does n't do this , just the lanyard ring . Leatherman needs to fix this design flaw . One other design comment . It would be nice if Leatherman would have added a sewing awl with a hole in it for leather work.This may seem like a negative review , but I 'm actually very happy with the tti overall . It is fairly light and compact , so I do n't mind having it on my belt . The belt clip offers another carry option . The primary and serrated blades are easily deployed with one hand . I love how much easier it is to open , and unlock the inside tools than the older models like my original Super Tool.I opted for the nylon pouch . It is very well made . The tubular elastic on each side and rear compartment designed for bits might also be used for carrying survival items like a penlight small signal mirror , whistle or some bandages . I also bought the 40 bit set . The pouch that it comes with currently has fire steel , tinder , whistle , and a thermometer / button sized compass in it . One thing I would like to see is for Leatherman to put snaps rather than velcro on the nylon pouches . Velcro and snow do n't mix well together . Also , a quick attach belt loop would be a better design , making it easy to put on with one hand without removing your belt . I 'm overall very satisfied with the new features and improved function . I 'm looking forward to 25 years of dependable Charge ttt . use .
 This is my second Leatherman knife , my first was a sideclip that gave me over 5 years of service before I lost it . The charge is an amazing knife . I no longer need to carry a toolbox in my car . I 've got everything I ever need on my charge , from a knife to hex drivers . A day does n't go by where I do n't use my leatherman tool . I was working on my car last week and was doing something with the cutting hook that I probably should n't have been doing with it and it snapped off . I filled out the RMA form on leatherman 's website and sent it back . I was expecting them to either return it unfixed or just replace that one blade . A week later I get it back and it was a completely new knife . No questions asked . I 'm amazed by the quality and customer service that leatherman offers . If you 're looking for a knife , look no farther .
 I 've had a number of multi tools over the years and the Leatherman Charge TTi is the best one I 've ever used . One area that I would like to see improved is the quality of Philip screw bit . It 's nice to have a replaceable bit but after only using it for a week it looks like it wo n't last . It 's also on the expensive side compared with other similar tools .
 This is Leatherman 's top multi-tool . The quality is top notch . I really like the look of the Titanium . This tool is loaded with all of the goodies , its light weight and the fit-n-finish is unsurpassed . Although the knife blades come extremely sharp , after I used my wifes diamond sharpener on the blades , I could shave with them . It takes really good steel to get an edge like that.As usual , Amazon had a great price . And because I utilize `` Prime '' , I received my order is just two days .
 A Christmas gift for my son . He will have this knife forever . It is a top quality knife/tool and the brand rep is a good one in my opinion .
 My husband is a plumber . He will not be without his tool . Hates to fly because he has to leave it home and it makes him anxious to not have it handy .
 I chose the Charge TTi for a few reasons . I was trying to decide between the Wave and the Charge and settled on the Charge after much deliberation . This is my second Leatherman , the first was the Supertool . Seeing the redesign , where some blades are available without opening the handles was important . The bit driver , where I can swap out driver bits was too - with my Supertool , I noticed the screwdriver wore a little and this kept it from really biting into screws . Being able to replace a worn screwdriver head was a bonus . The scissors were a nice plus - handy when you need an emergency pair of scissors -LRB- to prevent the single loose thread from unraveling the whole sweater -RRB- . I also liked the seatbelt cutter -LRB- gutter , package opener -RRB- on the serrated knife . Also , having a titanium casing and stronger steel blade was a nice bonus.When I first got the tool , however , two of the blades did n't lock appropriately , so I needed to return it . Amazon was amazing about this and I had the replacement in 24 hours , and never had to go without the old one , returning it only after the new one arrived . I had heard that QC was an issue with these , and that was the case , but the replacement was in perfect condition.As a volunteer firefighter , I like to have this tool on my person at all time . As a homeowner , it 's huge having access to a versatile toolset at a moment 's notice . Of course , some jobs require real , dedicated tools , but a knife to open a package , pliers to tighten a loose nut , or a screwdriver to adjust a screw without running to the toolbench helps get a little job done immediately . I attached the clip onto the tool immediately , and wear it discreetly in my pants pocket . When I go to work , and may need access to all the tools -LRB- I sometimes need to open an electronics case and need pliers or Philips-head -RRB- , I use the nylon sheath . It 's a tight fit , but it has enough room to comfortably fit not just the Leatherman , but the two sleeves of driver bits and the bit driver extension without looking ghastly on my belt.When I got the Charge TTi , it was difficult to open , but it was clearly well lubricated -LRB- these things are often a little too greasy -RRB- , but 10 minutes of opening and closing every tool loosened it up significantly . If necessary , I could have used a little WD-50 , but it was n't necessary.I have n't used the tool extensively yet , but simply on my history with my old Supertool , I know it can stand a beating . The titanium casing is a nice touch with nice texture that gives the tool a sharp look that I like .
 This my favorite one I 've owned . I would highly recommend.Con : Small mini flathead broke on first use but I may have put too much pressure on it ... not sure
 Got one of these to check it out . Test many items on it . Sturdy . Then got one more so I always had one handy . Then got one for my dad for Christmas . I always keep this handy .
 I loved this thing , I took it with me everywhere , it 's very durable and handy and I 'd recommend it to everyone
 This is my second Leatherman . First being the Wave . The Charge and Wave are very similar and offer the best all around features . I have had one by my side every day for the past five years . Being in the plumbing and hvac industry for 16 years you come across my situations where a multi tool is useful . The Charge tti is that tool . It does take a little respect , common sense and maintenance to make sure it performs great for day to day use . But I would recommend the Charge or Wave for anyone who walks out their front door for the days adventures ! Be prepared !
 This is one of the greatest leathermans out there . The only problem is the like to make you pay for the best tools ; -LRB-
 I 'm a Leatherman freak I must own everything Leatherman so I can survive in my house and in the mall should the need arise !!!!!!!!!
 The item may be a little pricey , but it 's functionality is over the top . If you work in a industrial setting you will find this item helpful on a daily basis . I use it as a knife , pliers , scissors , etc. . It is durable , useful , fairly cheap compared to other places online , and it has many applications . I have it at work , I take it camping with me , I use it when I go fishing , I use it around the house . There are too many areas of application that I can not list them all . I recommend this for any handyman or handywoman .
 Purchased for a friend and he loves it . It was real stiff at first and one piece was sticking whenever closing , but he fixed it without issue and is very happy with it now . A little pricey , but , Leather man is top quail it and dependable , so well worth it .
 This is for a Christmas Gift , therefore I am not sure how it will work out for him . I believe it is exactly what he wants
 Unless you need replaceable jaw cutters this is the greatest production multi tool ever . Premium knife steel in S30V with replaceable and changeable bits . Every tools is very useful
 A bit heavy but worth every ounce.Got it as a multi tool for my bike . Used it a few times , seems very durable to stand the hands of time . No buyers remorse here.Has an S30V blade ... . If you know your steel , you know this is a great blade .
 Great product , great quality , completely up to the expectations . I was absolutely sure of the precision , materials and finesse . Other things i can not say
 I `` ve had this for nearly two years now and I use it EVERYDAY . Would n't get anything else!Pros
 I really like this product . It is high quality materials , well made , great utility , etc. . My only issue -LRB- and admittedly it 's a small one -RRB- is the pliers do n't have a spring to open the pliers . Other than than little item , I highly recommend this tool .
 I was a big fan of the L-Man Wave and carried one for several years . I loved the convenience of having the blades , saw & file open from the outside . These components also featured high quality cross-locks similar to the ones on a lot of premium pocket knives . These basic design features are maintained in the Charge TTi.The quality of these particular items - blades , files and saw - seem to me to be the things that set one multi-tool apart from the other . The quality and design of one screwdriver bit or can opener is pretty much the same as that of another . And the good multi-tools all have `` decent '' pliers . But it is not so with cutting blades , saws and files . Here there can be a big difference.The L-Man Charge is NOT the largest multi-tool I own but its two cutting blades -LRB- my others have just one -RRB- saw and file ARE the largest featured on any of them -LRB- no longer true , as I now have a Swisstool X -RRB- . I believe this is possible because of the fact they are accessed from the outside . Their size need not be limited to make room for the pliers to fold into the handles as with tools whose blades are all accessed from inside.The saw , file and the blades are not only larger but also of very good quality . The saw cuts as effectively as any I have used with very little clogging or sticking . One side of the file is diamond coated , making it more versatile . There is a serrated sheepsfoot blade with an integral cutting hook -LRB- very useful -RRB- and best of all the main , straight-edged blade is of premium S30V steel . If you know knives you know this is top quality stuff -LRB- and not cheap -RRB- . Most other companies - even the good ones - do n't even publish what they are building their tools from . I get the feeling there is a lot of 440a -LRB- or lesser steel -RRB- out there.The `` inside '' tools on the Charge TTi now have a very smooth and solid locking mechanism which was lacking on the original Wave . This is a definite improvement . And compared to the Wave the Charge TTi has a better look and feel to it.There are extra niceties . At nearly 9 oz , the Charge TTi is -LRB- to my tastes -RRB- `` slightly too big for comfy pocket carry '' . And using a sheath does n't work well for me since I wear sweats a lot . The `` pocket '' clip is therefore a definite bonus , allowing me to tuck the Charge TTi in my waistband where I hardly notice it . The built-in lanyard attachment is nice , too , and an improvement on the Wave 's . -LRB- I do n't like accidentally dropping and losing my expensive tools - so a good lanyard attachment is a must for me . -RRB- In addition to the original L-man Wave tool , I have used a Gerber Compact Sport 400 -LRB- smaller , lighter -RRB- and an SOG Powerlock S63 EOD -LRB- larger , heavier -RRB- . These are very respectable tools in their own right and the SOG in particular seems a little better than the L-Man Charge TTi in a couple of respects -LRB- see the upcoming review -RRB- . But on balance I feel that the Charge TTi is the best tool I own and the only one I would rate as high as a 5 . And if I could only keep one , this would be it.Post Script
 The Leatherman Charge TTi replaced my venerable Leatherman New Wave as my every day carry closing in on two years ago . I 've loved everything about this gear since I got it . About the only thing I 've found is that the titanium really did n't decrease the weight much . It 's a near perfect instrument , and for those of us who like to keep a solid multitool handy at all times , this should be the one . I 've been carrying a multitool in a sheath -LRB- and sometimes clipped in a pocket -RRB- for many years now , and I 've made it no secret in my other reviews that I 've come to appreciate the Leatherman line . I 'm going to break down why you should be buying this tool vs. one of the many others on the market : Pros :1 . Pound-for-pound , I 've found no other gear that packs so many high quality tools in such a clean and comfortable design . Much attention was given to the layout and ease of use . It 's solid when doing any task and still feels comfortable and `` beefy '' in your hands . Its definitely not cheap feeling in any way .2 . The S30V steel blade is one of the highest quality knives out there , and better than most dedicated knives I 've used . Many manufacturers skimp on the steel quality when it comes to where it 's needed the most
 Good tool , problem Phillips bit , mediocre customer service . I chose to purchase this tool because it fit my needs better than other Leatherman models or the competition . By and large it is a good tool with enough options to keep me from climbing off of a ladder and running to the tool box/pouch so much . The first big problem I noticed with it is the stock combination # 1 - # 2 Phillips / slotted blade screwdriver tip . The combination Phillips end on mine would not grip a screw head without pushing the tool into the head so hard as to create a risk of slipping . I called Leatherman and told them that the design of the tip was no good and the woman at customer service told me `` Well , sir , that 's your opinion . '' Yes , that is my opinion after 36 years of using tools professionally . At any rate , I found out that I could order Phillips bits for the Charge that were dedicated sizes rather than combination so I thought I would give it a try . I ordered the set of replacement bits for $ 5. , and to my surprise there was a redesigned combination bit in it that works just fine ! Grrrrrr . I sent an e-mail to Leatherman grousing about this point and still have n't heard back.While I was ordering replacement bits I also ordered the extension bit that will hold the flat Leatherman bits and standard hex bits . It 's a real winner.They still have n't addressed the `` thumb pinch '' issue if the pliers slip off of whatever you are gripping and your thumb is close to the pliers joint . Just do n't choke up on the handles and you will be OK.Bottom line
 I am a post graduate mechanical/industrial engineer and a huge fan of precision engineered products . I do a lot of research , check out stuff personally , talk to peeple , then only make the buy decision . I owned a Leather Wave for the past 9 years . After checking out the Charge TTi , could ` nt resist buying it . And Boy , am I happy!The tool is an engineering masterpiece . Absolutely solid feel , precision movements/click stops , very sharp and strong tools . It could ` nt get better . When compared to the Victorinox Swisstool Spirit plus , this is many times better . The swisstool does not have good strong knives like the leatherman . It looks mute and wimpy . But the leatherman tool 's knives and hexbit drivers , etc. look , feel and work aggressively.Don ' t miss out on the Hexbit extender . It is worth every penny . It not only accommodates the Leatherman proprietary flattened hexbits , it also accepts regular hexbits - this means , you have access to use the innumerable regular market hexbits , which is indispensable.If you are looking for the Rolls Royce in multitools , this is it . Do n't do anymore research . Buy the Leatherman Charge TTi , hexbit extender , and 40 bit kit . Happiness guaranteed !
 Did anyone happen to read the two star review on here from the overly-critical `` apophasis '' ? At least , that was my impression of him when I read his review , before I bought the Charge TTi myself . I have to say - my initial impressions of the tool were the same as his.Out of the box , my TTi felt clunky and difficult to open . There was an obvious `` catch '' to each side where the handle pivoted over the pliers , which was simply annoying upon opening . But then to close the tool , this excessive sticking becomes more evident , as it means pinching your fingers against the head of the pliers in order to push them fully shut . Quite disheartening.Next , I pulled out the blade . I was sure he 'd had a lemon . But no , I could see plainly at arm 's length how poor the grind on the blade was . In fact , I had n't even bought the TTi for its blade , as I 've always been the sort of person not to think of a multi-tool blade as a `` real '' knife , but to see a piece of S30V that has n't even been given a fair chance at performing to its potential ... as a knife enthusiast , I was disappointed.Finding his two main gripes to prove true , I set about testing the functionality of the tool-open-put-into-sheath business . Just as he said , if you cram the pliers in deep enough , they do n't come out . The back edges of the pliers are sharp enough to cut yourself on if you catch them right and they definitely do n't like to let go of that nylon.At this point , I would 've been at about three stars instead of five.I really wanted this tool to work for me , though , so I set about solving my problems . Rather than loosening the Torx bolts that hold the pliers in place , which would degrade the sturdy lockup of the inner tools , I decided to see what was sticking up the opening of the pliers . Upon close inspection it was plain to see where the pliers pivot on the outside of the handles there was a coarse patch of metal on either side . With a small file , I removed a small amount of metal from both sides . Then , I used a buffing wheel with some polishing compound to smooth out the surface . Finally , I spread the polishing compound inside the pivot point , and worked the pliers open/closed repeatedly for an hour or so , taking care to notice which side offered more resistance and work that side more . Then of course I cleaned the tool out , oiled it , and cleaned again the excess.After that , I set about sharpening the blade -LRB- also with my Spyderco Sharpmaker , oddly enough -RRB- . Now , I can open my TTi one-handed . There is enough resistance in the pivot points that the tool wo n't open inadvertently , but nowhere near the crunchy , awkward , sticking feeling it had when it came out of the box . It feels smooth and convenient . The blade , which now shaves hair with hardly noticeable pressure on the skin , I like the shape and ease of deploy so much that I have replaced my previous EDC knife entirely by this unit.And the pliers sticking in the sheath when open ? That I knew the solution to before I bought the tool . Do n't do that . You know what you do with a multi-tool when you want to use both hands and you do n't want to fold it up to put it away ? You slip one handle of the tool in your pocket and let the other hang out . Problem solved . This is easier to coordinate than stuffing the thing into a sheath on your belt , and I am surprised any of the mechanically inclined folk who buy these would pay any attention to the feature . That feature of the sheath probably looked nice as a bullet point on a package somewhere , but that part of it is a novelty . Unless of course you happen to be multi-tooling in the nude and have no pockets , in which you have no place wearing a belt either.To summarize
 Better than the other 2 Leatherman products I 've owned -LRB- and liked -RRB- . I would rate this 5 stars if the plyers had a spring or some method that kept them open while using them . This is the only reason I still carry my Gerber as often as this Leatherman .
 For starters , I 'd like to note that this Charge TTI also comes with a `` Gift Tin '' although it does n't say it in the title . -LRB- When I was looking , I noticed the one with the leather sheath came with one . -RRB- This is probably the most solid multitool I 've ever owned . I have a friend that owns a Wave , and I like my Charge TTi a whole lot better . The handle 's nicer , the blades are nicer , and you can tell the difference in weight.Pretty much everything else I 'd want to say is in the other reviews . I just wanted to talk about those two things , because they were what I wanted to know when I was picking which multitool to buy .
 Was purchased as a gift , came in a nice looking tin box . He absolutely loves it and has no idea how he ever survived without it before .
 I have been carrying this tool on my belt for several months now and have found it to be exceptionally useful . It has a sturdy construction and provides and impressive array of features for an object of its weight and bulk . To date , I have used it to rewire the internals on an electric guitar , to do work on the center console of my car and as a daily aid at my landscaping job . I find that the lock out feature on each subcomponent is very useful and I love the interchangeable bits in the bit driver .
 This is one of many Leatherman products -LRB- multitools/folding knives -RRB- that I have purchased , both as gifts and for personal use . This multitool holds up to the company 's reputation for excellent quality and value . I believe that if you do n't mind spending a little more money , this is the answer for you . Functionality , weight , quality , and attention to detail are key elements with this multitool . I do own other brands with similar design and features , but this is the product of MY CHOICE . GJM
 This tool is the best i have found and has the most usable tools on the market for its price . I have been wanting a Leatherman for a long time and am extreemly proud of this knife . Leatherman has out done itself on this one this knife packs a punch it WILL get the job done . also it is much lighter and durable than its charge prodessers . It will be a great contribution to any Leatherman or knife lover . It will keep you from having to go to the tool box with its bit fiting large bit driver.So , ROCK ON LEATHERMAN
 I bought this for a gift and he loves it . It does everything that he wanted it to do and he likes how it has a case and a belt holder .
 I use this thing almost every day . The belt case is great ; the Leatherman Charge has bailed me out of many jams . The bit-driver function is simply awesome . I would recomend this product to anyone .
 I 've owned 2 other Leatherman tools in the past the original Super Tool and the original Wave and this one has n't disappointed me yet . The tools are easy to access and the built in bit driver is easy to use . The locks for the tools are very nice and easy to use compared to what was used on the original Super Tool and the complete lack of them on the original Wave . So far I 've found it to be a extremely useful tool to carry with me everywhere I go.I would recommend this to anyone who is looking to purchase a pocket tool of great quality .
 The Leatherman Charge TTi is at the top of the multi-tool evalutionary scale . Well designed and made . Its often easier to grab this than to dig through my tool box looking for a specific tool . After I 've completed the task at hand , I go looking for more things to fix because I do n't want to put it away . I 've had either Leatherman or Gebers that were really nice , but this is the one to get . Highly recommend it .
 This is a great Multi tool , I come from an engineering occupation and watched a DVD of the `` Leatherman '' factory makeing the `` Charge TTi '' and was so impressed with the workmanship and Quality I Brought one . The `` Charge TTi '' is Titanium and stainless steel with a `` S30V '' knife blade , super hard and sharp . The multi tool is a presion piece of equipment and is solid , with a 25 year warrante . It has all the tools I need and never leave home without it . I live in New ZealandLeatherman 830684 Charge TTi Multi-Tool with Leather/Nylon Combination Sheath and Gift Tin
 I had lost my Leatherman Charge Ti that I had been using for 7 years for work.I had looked at other LM models -LRB- New Wave , Surge , Super Tool 300 -RRB- even the soon-to-be-released Rebar . I even considered other manufacturers such as Victorinox , Gerber , and SOG.But I decided to get what I knew was sure bet.In some respects the newer Charge models are improvements over the originals . The AL/ALX models are close to original Charge Ti/XTi models with the one of the differences being handle scale material -LRB- Aluminum vs Titanium -RRB- . The other is the relatively lower price as compared to the original Charges.The newer top-of-the-line Charge model is the TTi which replaces the original 154cm clip point blade with an upgraded S30V one.My Charge TTi came in a gift tin which was n't specified in the item description.The seatbelt/linoleum cutter 420C serrated blade does have a small portion of the hook sticking out when the blade is stored . Take care when using the pocket clip and when reaching for it while in the pocket.Overall a good purchase . It was even cheaper than the original Ti that I bought !
 Purchased this multi-tool about a month ago , and have used it countless times since then . One of the best tools I have ever used , the blades have stayed sharp and the tool has performed tasks I am sure it was not meant for with no hesitation .
 I like the Charge the best I had many MultiTools including the surge it was to heavy the charge seems to be the best fit I would recommend this to anyone . The only thing I hate is when I lose it this is my third one .
 I used a Gerber MP400 for years and was very happy with it . I finally broke it after ten years of use and decided to do some research on multitools to find a suitable replacement . I had considered buying the Gerber Diesel , which is aesthetically pleasing and has the one-handed pliers access that I liked so much about my original Gerber . Unfortunately , I read that there were some quality issues with it , as Gerber multitools are apparently no longer made in the USA as my MP400 was and several reviewers were unhappy with the materials and workmanship . What decided me on the Charge TTI was the blade access and blade quality . The pliers are excellent . The cap crimper does not weaken the pliers structurally , though the size of the wire strippers may contribute to difficulty to grabbing larger nuts when turning than the Gerber design , as I feel they are unnecessarily large . That said , I was astounded by the build quality of this tool , particularly with the driver bits , which are solidly locking and a pleasure to use . There is little doubt in my mind that this is the finest multitool currently on the market . I do n't feel that it 's too large for pocket carry , and its tools , with the exception of the can opener -LRB- which is tiny -RRB- , are excellently suited to the size of it . I highly recommend this item if price is not a consideration for you , in which case I might recommend the Charge AL , which would have been my second choice for features over materials . I removed a star due to the extensive time spent ` breaking in ' the tool 's liner locks , which do not seat properly until the tool has been exercised thoroughly .
 Lost my Charge TTi on the job ... Just had to order another one ... This is a great tool to have .
 Very well made with high quality materials , weighs very little considering all the features packed into a very small package . The selection of bits available alone makes this a tool of unsurpassed versatility . I only wish they would have kept the design for the scissors that they had in the Leatherman Wave .
 This leatherman is beyond amazing , have n't had any kind of problems with it and it performs great every single time I use it .
 If you have a problem with it , send it back , and they 'll fix it . Good to support honest American companies who back up their products .
 Had it for a couple months now , still a little stiff , but just ca n't beat it for quality and adaptability . Lighter than the Leatherman Super Tool 300 is more than an ounce heavier -LRB- for all you ounce-counters out there -RRB- than the Charge TTi . I carry it mostly horizontally , but I have to say that it 's difficult to slide a belt through the horizontal slots . The nylon pouch again is far lighter but just as protective as the nylon/leather pouch , and it does n't stick out like a sore thumb . The S30V knife steel is razor sharp , the saw is menacingly so . I 'm actually quite impressed with the included file . It 's not like they just wiped a diamond coat on there haphazardly . This will file down metal . I love the precision of the pliers ; no gaps , perfectly matched . Like I stated earlier , it 's really stiff at first , but if you work it for a week or two , you 'll find it slowly easing up . That 's what I love about this multi-tool
 I just got my Leatherman Charge TTi and I am quite pleased with it . I do a lot of travelling for work and leisure and it makes me feel comfortable to know that I have a set of tools in a light small package that I can work with in case the need arises -LRB- fixing loose luggage handles or wheels , setting up camp , etc -RRB- The Good - This thing was delivered with all the blades very sharp - The selection screw bits can be expanded -LRB- sold separately -RRB- - The tool is very light because of its TTi body - All tools have a locking mechanism so that you do n't accidentally turn or push them back while using them - A clip and a loop where a carabiner can go through is providedThe Bad - Would have been better if a leather sheath was provided . Im just being picky I guess.I would recommend this product to anyone looking for something that has all the usual tools in a light and compact packaging .
 Ever since researching , buying and receiving this tool I 've worn it on my belt every day that I could -LRB- sans plane trips and such -RRB- . I truly feel naked without it anymore . Almost daily it comes in handy , and at least once a month it is a life saver . For example , my girlfriend got her house key stuck in the lock somehow -LRB- not her fault I assume , cheap apt lock -RRB- and neither of us could even make it budge with our hands . With the pliers of the leatherman it came out easily without any more fuss or damage to the key or lock . I 've also fixed a car that would n't start by tightening the battery connection and performed countless little jobs around the house or car that would have taken twice as long if I had to go grab the tools for it . This is n't a replacement for a toolbox , but it can do most of the things a toolbox would be needed for without having to carry one around.The diamond file ironically is the best nail file I 've ever had , never losing its grit . The S30V main blade is fantastic , and one of the mains reasons I chose this model . The changeable screw bit has also come in handy countless times especially after buying the extra bit kit . My suggestion is to buy the bit kit and bit extension along with this.I take care of my tools but I can tell this one will last longer than most . It is in almost perfect condition still after a year of daily use.It may be more expensive than a lot of the other options out there for multitools , but it is for good reason . I have not regretted the extra cost even once since owning it . I plan to use it for years to come , being unable to see why I would n't . Leatherman has a great warranty in case anything does happen , but I will be surprised if I need it .
 My first experience with a multi-tool was the Leatherman Blast . I had carried it for 3 years and a month ago I bent one of the flat head screwdrivers trying to pry something open . I sent it to Leatherman and they had it fixed and had it back in my pocket within a week ! So , you ca n't beat the Leatherman quality or customer service.I had been looking at the Charge TTi for a long time and finally received it for a birthday gift . Everything on the tool is solid , and I especially like the S30V for the knife . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a multi-tool .
 After carrying a Swiss Army Multi tool for the better part of twenty years , it was hard to decide to begin carrying a non-Swiss Army tool , but overall , I am very pleased with the Leatherman TTi . I love the extremely sharp blades and very solid feel , the ease of one finger opening of the principle blades and the very solid and diversified bits that this model sports , if you purchase the additional bits for the bit holder . The steel is far superior to that of The Swiss Army models , and truly hold an edge , which Victorinox definitely does not ! I liked the TTi so much , I purchased multiple models to give for gifts , which speaks volumes attesting to the quality of this item .
 This is a great multitool for sure ! I can think of no negative things to say about it.The feel and build quality is top notch . The rounded titanium handles feel great in the hand and the pivot and lock up of the tools is rock solid.If you are considering a multitool , the titanium handles and the s30v blade make this a great choice !
 Very pleased with this multi tool . I like the fact that this comes with a cache of bits so you really do not need to order the extra bit set unless you think you are one who would need multiple size bits . As an owner of apartments who enjoys tinkering around , I find I use this tool daily although I could have purchased a less expensive unit since I do not use may of the features it offers . I just like knowing I have the best and the most versatile tool around .
 If you want the multi-tool that truly has it all , this is the one ! I particularly like the easy-out , one-hand knife operation , and the myriad of carrying options -LRB- clip , sheath , lanyard , etc. -RRB- I keep it clipped in my right pocket where I used to carry a pocket knife . It is not much bigger and it has a whole lot more , like a file . How many guys can carry around a nail file and still look cool ? And the cutting hook is awsome for popping off zip-ties without damaging anything . If you carry this tool , you will be prepared for most any situation.The only real drawback is that if you do n't use the sheath , -LRB- I already have too much stuff clipped to my belt ! -RRB- you wo n't have a convenient place to carry the extra driver bits . But I can typically make due with the 2 that are in the tool . I recommend this gift tin set b/c it comes with everything you need in a really nice metal tin . This tool has titanium handles and is guaranteed for 25 years . I will be passing this down to my son one day .
 I have had my leatherman TTi now for a good 4 years never had any issues with it . super tuff i do not baby this tool in any way . i dont leave my house without it . never take it off my belt . great gift idea for any man . great costumer service anytime u need . i have put mine threw tuff abuse and nothing has broken on mine . easy to keep clean . comes with extra bits so u alway have what u need at the ready
 I am a big fella with a strong grip . My wife calls me Bam-Bam since I always break things by accident around the hours due to my size and strength . That 's my background.I am a carpenter , business owner , avid outdoorsman , and am very rough on my equipment . I 've broken every Leatherman -LRB- wave , etc. . . -RRB- so far , so I figured I 'd try titanium . Why order more of the same brand if I always break them ? - Because I fully admit I misuse them . I pry things , cut , break , saw , and dismember things with my multi-tool , and really do n't expect for it to last . My first Leatherman Ti I broke like the others . But it was n't easy , but I also was n't trying . It also rusted in salt water so do n't think Titanium is rust-proof , but again , my fault . So I bought another.This is a VERY tough knife , and probably wo n't break for you unless you 're 260lbs with muscle , and have a bone-crunching grip .
 I think there 's already everything said so I can only confirm the previous reviews . This multitool is awesome !
 I like the outside tools , especially the knife , but the inside tools are too hard to open -- I found I was using a second screwdriver to open the scissors , can/bottle opener , and screwdrivers.The inside tools were too tight . I immediately felt like putting oil on them or trying to loosen the security screws . I thought from all the descriptions that I had read , that pressing the release levers would also release the inside tools when they were closed , but they do n't . You need long , strong fingernails or a second tool to open the inside tools.I do n't have fingernails , and I like the one-handed operation of the outside tools , but the inside tools are not accessible , even if I had fingernails -- I must pry them open with a small screwdriver.It 's also a little too heavy for everyday carry.I therefore returned the unit . I 'll probably go for the Skeletool CX .
 Este producto al igual que todos los leatherman son muy buenos . Yo ya he tenidos otros y son productos que vale la pena tener . Los recomiendo 100 % .
 I 'm just the average nerd that walks around . I can think of many of times where I 'm like I wish I had a screw driver on me or pliers or micro screwdriver.Since buying this I have cut , unscrewed , pulled stuff out and taken the bottom off my MacBook Pro on the go.The knife is very sharp , the screwdriver works with little hassle and i do n't get that I 'm going to break it feeling . I like the fact it has the seatbelt cut feature in case I ever need it . For me it 's the perfect all in one tool that ill have with me until someone pries it away from my hand .
 Own the Leatherman Charge TTi with the accessory kit and driver extension . Good tool . Very sturdy and comfortable in the hand . Have used most of the tools many times over and all are holding up well . Knife remains razor sharp -LRB- even making wood shavings using frozen wood in the middle of winter -RRB- . Like the leather case it came in but some might complain that the case retains water and is an area for rust to start . Frankly , all my tools are cleaned and dry when not in use so never a problem . The test of whether a product is good is known whether you would replace it . If I lose the Leatherman Charge TTi , I will own another within a week !
 I own a number of Leatherman tools and this is the best overall quality with extremely useful tools . Both blades are excellent and the wood saw is amazing . These tools really work and are easy to deploy . I have a finger nail problem so opening the other tools is sometimes a problem but once I get them up and locked they are all excellent . I also truly appreciate the pocket clip ... the only way I carry . Great tool ! -LRB- even the packaging and tin it comes in is waaay cooool ... -RRB-
 A good tool of work , easy to load and of good material . I 'm technical computer and electrician and I can perform both tasks with this tool .
 This product is really nice . I love how light weight it is , yet so incredibly durable . Leatherman is a great company and I have to say , to this day , I have not had a bad product . One thing I Like better than my surge is the scissors both have scissors but i like that the Charge is spring assisted just smoother cutting . Perfect tool .
 Came flawless in the mail , I 've never owned a tool this solid where every single item in the handle has a use and is not cheaply made . Yes it is as others have said a bit heavier than I expected but not uncomfortably so . The blade as I received it was just about samurai sword sharp and smoothly slides in and out of the handles . The brass bushings are evident on just about all of the tools as they are very easily opened and closed . The tiny phillips/flathead tool is sure to come in handy - and again the fact that EVERYTHING locks is A + as I 've had the tiny non-locking `` cruze ? '' multi-tool before which was half the size and adequate for small jobs but at times you just want something more substantial.The handles on my smaller multi-tool were painful and dug into my skin when using them under substantial pressure for moderate to heavy jobs . The fact that the blade would not lock also made me nervous to use on more heavy duty applications . I 've realized that I either need to use the case or have heavy duty shorts to support it - ca n't laze around the house in workout shorts with this . It is too heavy and will bang your legs , etc. . ouch . To me it 's worth it to keep it in my key/wallet box and then go get it when I need it . I just realized that I use this type of tool -LRB- multi -RRB- for darn near every project around the house all the way down to cutting off tags on clothes -LRB- did it just the other day with this tool -RRB- . If any of the included tools are substandard -LRB- see my smaller , cheaper multi-tool -RRB- then well I just wo n't go for it and that 's annoying.Spend the money and you wo n't regret it - my opinion obviously . By the way this is a fantastic deal at $ 109 .
 Its SV30 Blade is razor sharp and durable . All other blades are very good . Built strong . Locks are firm . Feels great in hand . Sheath is very good .
 i love this thing . it is so nice always having a tool with you at all times . lots of trips saved going down to my truck in highrises .
 This thing is awesome . I live in the North West and here Leatherman is King . I 've never had one before . I have had two Gerbers in the past . This thing far outperforms what I expected it to be . I would recommend it to anyone . You get what you pay for here . It 's certainly cheaper here on Amazon than what the Leatherman outlet store has is listed . Get it and be amazed like me .
 This is everything I was expecting and more . Shipping was fast and I am happy with the product!All I can say is AWESOME !
 I want to give this a five star rating . But I cant . If they had half-stars , I would give it a 3.5 out of 5 . I became a Leatherman fan at the age of about 8 . I cut lawns all summer to save up enough money to buy the original SuperTool . It was what every boy needed . A precision tool made right here in the USA from American metalworkers . Even at 8 , I was huge on crabbing and fishing in brackish and saltwater environments . For almost two decades , it has served like a champ . I commonly got it saturated in salt water and it was rarely polished . Today it has only the most minor of oxidation and is fully functional 100 % . It made me view Leatherman as the best of the best and in a class of its own . Naturally , my brand loyalty assumed.I 've owned or own the Squirt models , Micra models , Wave , SuperTool 200 , and Core since then -LRB- and various others -RRB- . Most were great . I bought a Charge ALX about four years ago . The one-handed opening seemed nice as did the bit kit . However , the lock was n't all that great , the ergonomics were , for the most part unimproved from the normal Wave , and the liner lock on the knife was poorly designed -LRB- liner locks are not very durable locks -RRB- . I was woodworking the knife 's lock failed and closed on my fingers , almost severing one . Upon going to the store , I realize most of the models they had in stock would fail under minor to moderate backpressure , which is common when using a knife.Leatherman customer support -LRB- like always -RRB- was great . They took care of me and my next Leatherman was a Charge TTi , the flagship . This thing is 130 bucks on Amazon and 150 + bucks in stores and , because of this , I expected a solid performer . The TTi is nice . There is no doubt to that . It is one of the best on the market today . However , I believe there are some design issues that on a $ 150 tool should not be . The liner lock is still used on the knife and liner locks tend to fail easily . They use this on the saw as well , which I refuse to use for this reason . The knife blade shape is not as useful as a true utility or drop point blade . This is n't a huge deal to me as I carry a Chris Reeve Sebenza or Umnumzaan on me at all times -LRB- which are arguably among the or the finest folding knives ever made -RRB- . Opening many of the inside tools is still as much of a PITA than on every other Wave-derived model . You often have to partially pull out tools you do not need to get to the one you want , and you can mess up your fingernails pretty easily . The overall fit and finish is nicely added to by the titanium overlays on the outside handle , and it gives slightly better ergos and grips over a smooth steel surface . Yet like the entry-level Wave , you can still wiggle the tools a bit to feel play , and the lock is still as rough . They either did not refine the lock or did very little to refine it . When locked , tools have some vertical play . The removable pocket clip and lanyard ring are great ideas , but they often get in the way of most tools IMO ... neither does much to securely hold the 8 + ounce multi and truth-be-told , for something this heavy , you need a belt sheath . The Leatherman leather belt design is spectacular and durable as can be.My biggest issue though is the durability . Thus far , I have destroyed two pliers through work that is far less intense than what was done with my original SuperTool . The multi was repaired once and replaced once . The micro screwdriver is either not hardened at all or not hardened very well ... the end has deformed with minimal usage . The bits suffer the same issue -LRB- and you have to use Leatherman 's own bits , as a general rule -RRB- . The scissors have dulled to the point that cutting paper being unclean . The file has worn and when opening and closing , it makes heavy contact with the inside of the handle making a lovely sound and further wearing the file unnecessarily . Many parts on the tool have begun to oxidize , yet they have never even seen saltwater.Am I being overly picky ? YES . However , the price tag is why . I then purchased an SOG Powerlock and a Gerber next . The Gerber was awful in every way , and while the SOG had nice pliers , it was n't very well refined and weighed more than a Rolls Royce . I then bought a Victorinox SwissTool Spirit Plus . It 's far more ergonomic and easy to hold/move , the finish is better , it 's lock is stronger , it 's tolerances are tighter without play , the edges on parts and bits have not deformed , it uses standard bits so you do n't have to buy fancy ones from the maker , the pliers have done fine with all work thrown at it , and you can easily open whatever tool you want without having to open another partially to access it . Also , the use of a swivel belt holster rather than a pocket clip works better . The less expensive SwissTool is now my daily-carry and use model and my TTi just sits on my desk.I did n't mean to become a Leatherman hater . Their products are generally excellent . And the people at Leatherman are amazing , their warranty is fantastic , and they work hard for their customers . ... but the Charge TTi has some issues that products costing less do not have . The refinement is lacking , as is the durability . The multi is nowhere near as robust as my 20-year-old Leatherman Supertool . Regardless of the reason why this is , I can not recommend the Charge TTi because , in my amateur opinion , the less expensive SwissTool is a superior product .
 I used to carry only a pocketknife , but one day I tried to use it as a screwdriver and chipped the blade . I shopped around looking for a reliable EDC -LRB- everyday carry -RRB- multitool . I was definitely NOT disappointed by this model . Obviously , it is n't perfect , or I would have given it 5 stars.I 'll start with the cons.-Weight
 The Charge TTi drew me in with the titanium , then won my heart with it 's locking mechanisms . I 've had mine for around three years now and it 's never had a thing wrong with it . During this time I only clean and oil it every two months , which usually is n't necessary because it stays so smooth that it could probably go around four or five months without cleaning when doing normal work . The saw and serrated blades have seen their share of rough material and they are n't even that dull yet , which shocked me . The knife , however , is very dull now and sharpening it has proven quite a hassle . The steel held its edge for the first year and a half , but eventually it dulled with heavy -LRB- I mean HEAVY -RRB- use . I think I will need to send it away to have it reground because even my best attempts to sharpen it did nothing but dull it further . This is a very hard steel , but I 'm also not an expert on sharpening -LRB- in fact I 'm rather new and still learning -RRB- , so I 'm certain people who have skill with sharpening can successfully maintain this edge . The fact it held its edge for over a year with significant use is amazing to me , so I think this is worth the trouble . S30V definitely has proved its worth to me.PROS : * All of the tools lock securely , a feature I rarely see in multitools * Exterior knives/file/saw are easy to open with one hand , and the pliers can open with a flick of the wrist when properly oiled * Has NEVER rusted ANYWHERE despite many wet encounters and perilous conditions over a three year span * Serrated blade has amazing bite , saw is a workhorse * Titanium exterior does n't even have a scratch on it after three years * Easy to maintain * All of tools very easy to open minus one -LRB- see `` cons '' section below -RRB- * Scissors can cut through flesh , cloth , plastic , thin metal ... the list goes on . It chews through anything I throw at it . Contrary to other reviews , I can easily cut my finger and toenails with it and it goes through just fine , and my nails are of average thickness and health and are very sturdy . I guess the other reviewer had toenails of steel.CONS : * Bottle opener broke my nail off when I tried to get it out the first time . I found an easy way around it , however
 Far and away the most capable multi-tool i 've ever used.The scissors alone are enough to impress . Despite their small size they may be the best i 've used . A friend needed a nylon holster cut / `` modified '' . Two layers of thick nylon along with a section of padding ... Those little guys went through it all like butter.It 's not the lightest or most compact multi-tool on the market . For something like that look at the Skeletool CX . The combo fills all of my needs .
 I do n't see how anyone could rate this tool under 5 stars . Seriously . I got the 20 piece adapter kit for my charge . Every person that has used or seen my Leatherman was impressed with this tool as I was . Leatherman also really backs up their product . When I was in the army there was a military equipment convention in the base . Someone broke my leatherman wave and I showed it to a representative from leatherman . He took my tool and promised it would be fixed and shipped back to me in about a week . When I got my wave back it even had brand new blades ! So take my word for it , you can run over your leatherman with a tank , send it back to leatherman and they will fix it for free . You might have to pay for shipping .
 I recently bought the Charge TTi from Amazon , and it is my first Leatherman -LRB- I have used SOG and Gerber multi-tools in the past -RRB- . There are a lot of things I really like about this tool , including the ease of access to the blades and file and etc. . Someone definitely thought out the design of this tool . Additionally , the quality craftsmanship really does show on the Charge TTi ; the fit and finish are superb . Ca n't fault Amazon 's price either , which seems to be the lowest , or their shipping , which was fast.One gripe I have with the tool is the knife blade itself . I love Crucible CPMS30V steel and have a number of Spydercos with the same steel so I have no doubt it will perform excellently . I also have no problem with the blade shape or length . However , my knife came very dull out of the box . It could n't even cut a piece of paper . In fact , I can run my finger down the blade with no problems . It is as dull as a butter knife . Now granted I can and will make it razor sharp on my Spyderco Sharpmaker , but I mean come on . This is Leatherman 's top-of-the-line tool which costs something like $ 160 MSRP , and Leatherman ca n't even make the effort to give the blade a good edge ? That seems pretty lame to me . If I pay a lot for a blade or a multi-tool , I expect it to come out of the box ready to roll , not `` some sharpening required . '' Especially since S30V is a bit of a pain to sharpen , and so the less I have to work with it the better . Now this dull blade I got could be an anomaly , which is why I wo n't ding it too much , but if it is , it means that someone did n't catch it at Leatherman 's QC station.The only other issue I have right now is that the screws holding the thing together seem to be some sort of proprietary modified-torx head . Minor but definitely not cool , because over time if I ever need to adjust the tightness of the pivots I will have to send it back to Leatherman , or modify them which probably would ruin the warranty.Overall , I give the charge TTi a 5/5 rating , because the issues are rather minor , though irritating , and do not detract from the overall quality of the multi-tool . If you are looking for a top-of-the-line multi-tool which uses high-quality materials , and are willing to pay for it , then this is an excellent choice . If you do n't have the money to drop for one , you might check out the AL and ALX , or perhaps one of the SOG line of powerpliars , which I also think are excellent .
 Before I purchased this multi-tool I carried nothing , boy am I glad i bought this though . This comes in handy for me a few times a day usually so its worth carrying around the extra pound . Everything on the tool has a use , no wasted space here . When it first came in the mail I was `` testing '' to see how sharp the knife was by lightly rubbin my thumb across the blade . A few hours later I looked at my fingers and they were all cut up and I did n't even feel it . Thats how good this steel is .
 Ok , i admit it , i 'm a tool/toy junkie . And this was just perfect for me . It was a lot heavier than I expected , mostly because i was coming from a dinky little Swiss-knife -LRB- genuine -RRB- . And for some reason , I expected this to be entirely titanium , but instead it 's just the other shell . But the weight of this only adds to the feeling of quality of this tool . It feels SOLID.The amount of tools in this multi-tool is amazing , especially for the size it folds up to . And all the tools slid in and out easily , and the locking mechanism is just ingenious.But what was a really good surprised , was the main blade . This is a REAL blade , and incredibly sharp.My only disappointment of this was that i had this less than a week before losing it . Now i just need to decide whether i want to shell out the money for another so soon .
 I 've owned the PST , Core , Blast , Wave and Charge TTi leathermans . The Surge and SuperTool may be bigger and more rugged , but the Charge is still the best . I like that it 's a little lighter and smaller than the larger full-size tools . To be honest , if you need a larger set of pliers , I would suggest something more dedicated to `` plier-ing '' anyway . The tool selection is great , especially the interchangeable bits . I ca n't tell you how many Alan bolts , tiny screws , and Torx screws that I 've come across and had the actual right size adapter bit in my sheath ready to go . The saw and file are top notch . I cut wood , pvc , rubber , polyurethane , and even steel with them . The best part of this tool , and why I continue to love it , is the S30V steel on the main blade . After having four previous Leathermans , I can say this blade lasts about 3 times longer before needing to be sharpened . It just keeps it 's edge a really long time . I only wish they would make the serrated blade in the same steel .
 Have had the tool for about two weeks . VERY pleased with price , quality , warranty and functionality.I originally bought the Skeletool and realized immediately that I needed more.This device coupled with the 40-bit accessory -LRB- sold separately -RRB- is well worth the investment , if you 're in the market for a product of this caliber and price-point .
 This is my first ` real ' multi-tool and all I can say is why did I wait so long . I 've been carrying it now for about a month and I 've used it many times already for small tasks that would 've normally sent me off looking for a tool . It 's extremely well built and feels good in the hand -LRB- texture & weight -RRB- . The knife is incredibly sharp , and the S30V steel will last and keep its edge for a very long time.Some of the smaller items were a little difficult to get out , but if you get -LRB- 2 -RRB- T-10 tamper proof 6 point torx bits -LRB- Napa , $ 1.99 ea . or so -RRB- you can slightly loosen the security torx screws and make the accessories come out much easier . Remember to get two of the torx bits ... if you try to remove one the other one will turn.As another person said , it does ship with the clip and lanyard ring so no need to purchase those separately . I got the nylon sheath which is night and day better than the leather version ... and it has loops so the sheath can be worn vertically or horizontally depending on what you need.I also purchased the extra bit kit , and I 'm glad I did . I took out the bits -LRB- from the extra bit set -RRB- that I most commonly use and put them in with the Charge TTI and kept the rest of the bits in a safe place . That way I can carry around the most frequently used bits.Well worth the price and I 'm going to be purchasing a second one to stash away . Look no further if you need a great multi-tool !
 I have owned many Leatherman tools over the years and this is the best quality tool they have made . It is a little on the large size compared with some of there other models but it fits comfortable in my hands . The knife blade is dangerously sharp so be careful . I have not used it enough to find any faults but with Leatherman you probably wo n't find any . The case could be a little bigger as it is a very tight fit . I am glad I bought this model versus the regular Charge as it seems a little lighter in the hand . You will not be disappointed . I had bought two other brands in the past but they were not comfortable in my hand . I keep them in the glove compartment for emergencies .
 I purchased this for my job . I have been in construction for 20 years and neverhad the need for a product like this . I started a new job and have found it to be quite useful . This is not to be a replacement for a regular tool , just to be used when you have no others . All in all a good product although I feel my version was too expensive .
 CHARGE TTI,MULTI-TOOL , LEATHERMAN ; is a great tool for everybody , really l love lt !!! . good price , faster delivery . thankyou amazon.com .
 I have owned a wave for many years and finally managed to bend the pliers slightly -LRB- annoyed me that they did n't line up straight anymore -RRB- . Although I have no doubt leatherman would have replaced them I decided to go ahead and try out the charge tti after reading reviews on amazon and other websites . After receiving the tool it is exactly what I had expected . Wonderful craftsmanship and design . Even better than my old wave . In response to other reviews I have read , yes opening the pliers is stiff out of the box but after lubricating the joints and working with it a bit it opens smoothly . The knife is of wonderful quality and even shipped sharp -LRB- I was expecting to have to sharpen it -RRB- . Overall I recommend this tool to anyone who would use it on a regular basis -LRB- it is a little expensive just to have around the house -RRB- .
 As an owner of numerous Leatherman multitools -LRB- and Victorinox products -RRB- , I believe the Charge TTI ranks on equal footing with the best out there . I have no reservation in recommending the tool due to the quality of the product and the outstanding warranty . I received mine in perfect condition , well-oiled , and sharp . I would recommend the nylon case over the leather version . Not sure this point was made in previous reviews , but this Amazon purchase does include a `` gift tin '' with the product.In the current market -LRB- mid-2011 -RRB- , Leatherman products make a strong value statement in light of the current pricing environment . Most direct comparable in my opinion would be the Swisstool line from Victorinox . I have both the Charge TTI and Swisstool RS and have had no issues . However , the current pricing of the Swisstool at ~ $ 90 places it in direct competition to the Charge TTI -LRB- ~ $ 95 - $ 100 -RRB- , so here is my brief rundown on the advantages of each since many readers may consider these two tools as competitors.Quality / Fit & Finish
 Looks like an upgraded Wave with more expensive materials . I gave it five stars becauseI have the Wave , which is awesome , and this should be more awesome in the long run.I will order this Charge TTI immediately.Ok , criticize me for the review , but I have no other way to ask anyone to compare it tothe Wave .
 I love everything about this knife except the pliers . The pliers jaws do not lock onto the handles , so once you close the jaws and try to open them again the handles pivot but the jaws stay closed because the handle hinges are looser than the hinge of the jaws . Consequently the pliers jaws do not open by opening the handles and one must use both hands to pull the jaws open . Very irritating . What 's worse is that the handle hinge has a tamper proof screw so it can not be adjusted with out sending it back to the factory . Gerber has a better design .
 this bit works flawlessly . the only thing i had to do was remove some laminate glue on the roller .
 I bought these because they were cheap and had good reviews . I used them to change the axle on my 2002 Audi A6 , as an ASE certified mechanic with a bachelors degree in Auto Service Science i have use many different brands and styles of tools and these are very high quality and i gave them a good beating with the impact and didnt round them at all .
 These tools are really nice looking . I mean really nice . Used them on my vehicle , and they fit great , no slipage . Looks like they will last a long time . Do n't know how long the case will last but im sure the tools will last a long time .
 Product arrived as a incomplete set . I received two 12M bits and needed the 14M for my 2009 VW rear brakes . Once I noticed the problem , I emailed the seller and the seller promptly sent out the correct bit without requesting anymore money . As a UH-60 Helicopter Mechanic , I would recommend this product and this seller .
 I purchased these to work on my VW Passat . These are high quality steel , at least as good as any other brand name tool . -LRB- Sears , Snap-on , etc -RRB- .
 Got these because Audi has a penchant for using every possible type of fastener imaginable on their cars , and I could n't find any locally . Needed the 8mm and 10mm to install a new seatbelt buckle in my A4 , and I know several of the other sizes are used elsewhere in the car , so I 'll probably need them eventually . Quality seems fine - while a small amount of the finish appears to have come off due to use , I do n't notice any actual deformation , so I 'm sure I 'll have this set for many years . The fit with the bolt heads was tight and positive , in some cases even requiring a light tap from a hammer to fully seat into the bolt . This is a good thing , as it means the fit is tight enough to prevent stripping the bolt or the driver , and to ensure that torque is applied evenly . -RRB-
 I had my doubts , but as soon as I received the package and opened them up ... `` Wow '' great set for a great price .
 These are super good quality . Remember that it seats flat , and this socket bit will be just as effective as any Snap-On , SK , Mac , or other high end tool . Just as the title reads . Good quality for the money . When you use this item , make sure that you give the socket a gentle tap so that it seats flush in the bolt head . If it does n't seat flush , one of two things will happen . One , you 'll strip the bolt spines , you 'll strip/snap the socket bit .
 very good . Exactly as advertise.Good quality set with some weight behind it . Used it to adjust my sway bar and looks like it can take a beating .
 I have n't had a chance to use these bits yet . This purchase was just so that I would be ready when the time comes.The case is your typical blow molded piece , but unlike other cases I have , you do n't have to pry the bits out . There is good retention without over doing it . Many times you have to use a screw driver to get the tools out of the case , but not with this one.The tool bits look and feel like quality pieces . I do n't really have the words to explain that . The chrome portion is smooth and shiny . The bit itself has a kind of gold tinge to it and all the edges are clean and sharp.For your average shadetree mechanic , this is a bargain on a quality set of these tools .
 I purchased this set of bits because I needed a M12 12-point bit to remove the steering wheel from my MKIV VW Golf -LRB- and I did n't want to pay $ 12 for just one bit at the local shop -RRB- . They work well , appear to be of good quality and are somewhat necessary if you plan to do your own maintenance on a VW -LRB- and some other marks -RRB- . I am just an amateur `` mechanic '' so I ca n't really say how they hold up compared to professional bits but they look solid as far as I can tell .
 I 've been working on cars since I was a kid , but I 'd never owned a German car until I got my current VW . These are a must-have if you own , and do any of your own work , on a car brand -LRB- primarily Germans -RRB- that use them . I have n't had occasion to use one on a really stubborn bolt that requires a breaker-bar or anything , but they seem very well made . After several uses they show no signs of wear . The price is very fair .
 Worked just as expected . For one of the bolts I had to apply over 200 ft/lbs of torque to get it removed . The bit held its own !
 Nice set for the price it got me out of a jam , if you own a euro vehicle then this set will be a must have .
 VIM has a fairly decent reputation already when it comes to these products , which is what initiated my purchase of them in the first place . Better than any sockets in a similar price range by far , needed these to remove the driveaxles on my '99 A4 when changing the clutch , and they did not disappoint . I consider them worth every penny I paid for them .
 works very well and handled very heavy torque without failure or warping . an absolute must for any VW or Audi owner
 These were impossible to find locally when I was swapping out disc-brake calipers on my 2006 Jetta . Thankfully , Amazon had exactly what I needed and arrived the following day . The triple square drive sockets are Taiwan-made , superior quality while fitting and working perfectly -LRB- even with a 24 &#34; pipe slid over my socket handle ! -RRB- . Includes a nice blow-molded case to keep the sockets handy and clean .
 I bought this set to do some work on the front axles of my Audi . I needed only the 10mm size but the set was only slightly more than buying individual sockets so I took a chance . My thinking was that if it was junk and ended up breaking or such the cost would be justified by quantity.It turns out they are quite sturdy . The case itself is good and sturdy as well . It does not hold the bits as tight as some of the other cases I have for bits and sockets but it does an adequate job and I did n't have to fight with it while I had my work gloves on . In use , the bolts I needed to get to required all manner of extensions and swivel joints to get at but even without having an ideal angle to work with I was still able to remove and replace with no damage to the bolts or socket.Overall it feels like a high quality product and I would have no problem purchasing these again .
 Finally found these triple square sockets , thank God . Sears , lowes , Home Depot , autozone , no one had them but Napa , and they wanted $ 7 for each socket . This is the whole set and they are nice quality . Do all my vw suspension , brakes , and engine work with ease .
 This set is an amazing deal for quality tools . I 've used this set more than a few times this month by installing new suspension on my 2009 MKV Golf GTi as well as to remove the steering wheel this past weekend in order to replace a faulty turn signal stalk . Even after using this on a breaker bar , there 's absolutely no sign of wear . Along with the DSG fill tool -LRB- VAS6262A -RRB- and VCDS ; this clearly is one of the most important tools a VW/Audi owner should own . A note though for those doing suspension work
 Triple Square bits are all over VW and Audi . You ca n't change an axle , or do a timing belt job , etc etc without these bits . This is a real nice set . Short for the best clearance .
 these triple square sockets were needed to remove and upgrade the rear sway bar on my 2011 Golf TDI . Thees metric sockets fit the bill completely and will be used many times again as I upgrade and maintain my VW . Best quality and price - would recommend .
 Probably the best deal on the web for triple square bits for euro cars . Appear to be of high quality , should do the trick .
 I am very satisfied with this set . I had a really tight bolt to remove and the bit worked really well with no sign of rounding off of bit points .
 Just as the title reads . Good quality for the money . When you use this item , make sure that you give the socket a gentle tap so that it seats flush in the bolt head . If it does n't seat flush , one of two things will happen . One , you 'll strip the bolt spines - or - two , you 'll strip/snap the socket bit . Again , make sure it seats flush , and this socket bit will be just as effective as any Snap-On , SK , Mac , or other high end tool .
 Great socket set for the price , also has the same part number as Mac tool company . Made by the same maker for other tool suppliers just the case is a different color .
 High quality solid bits even from Taiwan will bu = uy from them -LRB- tool manufacturer -RRB- and vender again
 Item is as explained . Received it MUCH earlier than Amazon said I would -LRB- only took three days -RRB- . I 'll be using this on my car in no time .
 The product was delivered in 1 day . Made it very easy to remove the rear brakes on my 2007 GTI and change the pads and rotors .
 If you 're in need for a quality 12point bit set this a good one to get .
 Very nice set for the asking price ! Sockets are made of high quality steel alloy , and come with nice carrying/storage case . IF it had an 18mm size , it would have been perfection ! But for 90 % of the time this set will have you covered .
 I used this tool set to change the rear brakes on my 2006 Volkswagen Jetta and to change the timing belt . They are precision machined and of very high quality . The size makes them very convenient for use inside the engine bay , but 14mm bit also stood up to the torque required for a brake job with no deformation . I was impressed at how strong and precise these are at this price .
 I must say that the purchase process was quick and easy and the product that was purchased was delivered on time and as decribed . Very pleased with the entire process . Will shop again with Amazon.com based on a good experience . Thanks .
 I am an ASE Master Certified Automotive tech that on occasion does work on the side at the house . Recently had a brake job on a VW Jetta and got a nasty surprise when I went to do the rears . So I bought these hoping they would be good enough . I was pleasantly surprised on how tough they are . Those bolts were really stuck on there , at one point even a 1/2 impact would n't move them -LRB- due to the swivels and extensions to reach them -RRB- . These are definatly worth the money .
 Excellent quality tool . I am a 35 year professional mechanic and hate paying high prices for anything that I do n't need to . These drive bits are as good as anything on the market but at a down to earth price . I have seen lots of garbage tools in my time and was a little hesitant to buy these tools . I was very pleasantly surprised at the good quality of this purchase .
 I bought this set to use on my '03 VW Jetta TDI -LRB- brakes , seats , CV joint , etc. . . -RRB- . The bits are made in Taiwan , but the quality is great . My particular set came with a duplicate 12mm and was missing the 10mm . I called the manufacturer customer service -LRB- HQ in California -RRB- and a person immediately answered the phone . I explained my situation and they mailed me a replacement bit with no questions asked . I will definitely buy from them again .
 Started the job with the wrong tool . Stripped out two bolts . I was able to use this to hammer into the stripped bolts and remove them both . Not a recommended use but it worked . Learned my lesson but I 'm happy to say this tool showed absolutely no damage from my misuse . Still looks brand new .
 I purchased theses for the 14mm triple square bolts on the rear brakes of a VW Jetta -LRB- A5 -RRB- TDI . These bolts were on so tight I had to leg press the ratchet while holding the wheel well . The bit , however , made it through unscathed . These things are tough and very well made . They arrive in a case of reasonable quality with a light coating of protective oil . Very happy with the quality and price , considering a 14mm 12 point bit by itself was typically $ 15 - $ 20 dollars when purchased elsewhere . Would buy again .
 A must for anyone working on German cars . The triple square is the perfect fit for those XZN bolts and allows you to apply quite a bit of torque without the concern of slippage.Don ' t let the fact that they 're manufactured in Taiwan deter you . Durston Manufacturing ensures the VIM products are first quality regardless of where they 're made .
 I used these to remove the axle from my B7 Audi S4 so I could replace the boot and had no problem what so ever with them . I 'm glad I did n't spend more for a better name as I will only use them infrequently and they are pretty good quality .
 Shipped quickly and packaged well . Worked well and did n't break even with a 2 foot pipe on the wrench to loosen up bolts .
 This tool was spot on for the job i was doin ! I needed it in a hurry and it came right on time . Great quality and fast shipping . If you have a vw , audi or the like you need to get a set of these .
 I needed a set of triple square bits to replace a fly wheel on a Jetta . I had a different set that was n't working well for this project . I searched Amazon , found this set , read the reviews , and purchased . The reviews were accurate . The tools are professional quality . They maintain their edge , or points . I am very happy with the purchase . I anticipate that I will have them for a long time .
 I 've been using this since 12/07 along with mControl . It 's hooked up to a Windows Home Server box . Install was easy , my automation software -LRB- mControl -RRB- recognized it right away . So far I only have a couple of lamplincs , applianclinc and a wall dimmer . It does it 's job , highly recommended.p.s. , that other guy down there just does n't know how to set it up :D .
 This controller connects to your laptop or computer via USB and makes it easy to program all of the Insteon devices in your house -LRB- with additional software -RRB- . Without this device , you can set some of the dimmer options manually , but I found it confusing and sometimes my changes did n't seem to take . To cross-link one dimmer to another , you have to set one up to listen , then run to the other one to talk ; a lot of running back and forth.This device , along with the `` Homelinc '' software -LRB- there are other packages available -RRB- discovers new devices , allows you to set ramp rates and on-levels for each dimmer , allows you to cross-link one dimmer to another , tests dimmer controls , saves backups of your entire configuration , and can control all lighting from the computer , either immediately or by a schedule . That 's a nice feature that can cost thousands in a custom home solution !
 Purchased this 2414u PowerLinc controller as replacement for 1132cu PowerLinc controller . The 1132cu worked great for about 7 years before failing . Hope the 2414u controller will last as long . Time will tell .
 Great product ... . fyi make sure you get the arbor for it . Used for countertop t molding istallation . Not sure about the longevity of it , on used for one job so far .
 Four of these come to a box . Silly me bought four boxes for one piece of furniture , guess I 'll do my bed , dresser , and night stand . These are well made , perfect for the job , great price too .
 My table used to grate badly when pushing it on the tile floor . The wooden table is about 4 x 7 with 1/4 '' glass to protect the top . I can now push it smoothly as if the 1/8 '' grout lines did n't exist . No more grating noise!Because I move the table twice per day , I 've been looking for larger glides than I could find locally . The carpeting on the glide side should be more durable than the felt covered products from other vendors.I 'm not sure why the manufacturer put directions on the back of the box -LRB- see photos -RRB- . If you can get the box open without directions , you can probably figure out how to use these on furniture . Reminds me of the stupid-joke about not being able to pour water from a boot with directions on the heel .
 These are wonderful under our chairs on our wood floor . They are protective and allow us to move them when we want by sliding . The 4 inch size was perfect -LRB- and hard to find -RRB- !
 The metal could be a little bit thicker and more rigid , but it does the job and does it well .
 There 4 to a package , so the price is great . They have a carpet bottom to protect floors ... perfect ... just what I was looking for .
 i bought this to prevent my computer chair from sliding away to easily , this solved the problem although it can come off from rime to time
 these are very nice and the right size . It 's hard to find this size in the stores and is good for my odd shaped sofa legs and protects the hardwood floor . Very nice .
 This is exactly what I needed to go the long distances required in my application . Customer servcie was great , the unit came in damage and it was quickly replaced .
 this was used for wall paper sizing and it was easy to apply and went a long way . Very pleased with this product and the price and speed of delivery were very good as well .
 My son is in boyscouts and sometimes has to put his tent up in the dark . This light is so great for that purpose . The light is bright and very durable . Would recommend it for anyone needing a hand 's free situation .
 excellent lighting field - and two levels of intensity . Great for walking to car in a dark parking lot or from the train station . -- but watch out for accidental ON when stored in the coat pocket
 This headlamp had everything I needed according to the photo . However , I was sent Cyclops model CYC-906NXTCMO - Helios Headlamp NXT Camo 6 LED instead that has only an elastic band that goes around my head instead of the additional adjustable strap from the model I ordered that goes over the top of your head as well . That being stated , and all things considered , I am always disappointed when I receive an incorrect or incomplete order , but I really do like this light and it stays on your head securely with the adjustable elastic headband . Additionally , the light pivots up and down for directional use and the 3 or 6 LED light brightness positions illuminates the directed area very adequately . Got lucky ! Turns out , this is probably a better headlamp than the one I had originally ordered ... and this exact one is not even sold or advertised at AMZN -LRB- except in green ... I think -RRB- !
 made out of cheep plastic and im a bit worried that it might fall off but otherwise a good buy
 No more putting a flashlight in your mouth . Both hands are free and you have both hands free .
 I bought this to replace one that my husband had for years . He said the light bulb was better ~ brighter on this new one .
 Talk about well made and HEAVY !!! I think most folks are used to the really cheap fixtures that most homes come with.When you start buying these better products it 's hard to understand just how well made they can be.This spout is SOLID . Must weigh at least a few pounds . The diverter feels solid.I could n't be happier with item.Now to replace everything in my bathrooms with similar products !
 I had to replace a plastic Delta tub spout -LRB- could n't believe the shower set came in plastic ! -RRB- with something more durable , and this spout did n't disappoint . It is completely metal/brass with a nice chrome finish . I like how the diverter pushes down instead of the usual pulling up .
 I am happy with this mailbox . It is a bit bigger than I expected but that must just be because I never measured in the first place ! Easy to set up and looks good .
 This mailbox was ordered as a replacement for the exact same mailbox which was destroyed by an ice storm in Jan 2009 . It 's very attractive and strong . We are extremely satisfied with it .
 I recently adopted two kittens and they are kept in our spacious guest room when we are at work , however this particular room in the house is above the garage and gets very cold . I was leaving the cetral hot air thermostat on 63 * during the day and night to keep them warm but this was using massive amounts of oil up . I decided to find an acceptable solution for heating that one room independently and this product won my personal contest.I was looking for the following :1 -RRB- saftey , electric space heaters are notorious for burning down homes , and buring little paws and hands when they are touched.This is quite possibly the safest electric heater on the market , and also the highest quality heater of this type -LRB- in wall -RRB- the lower wattage I have it running at -LRB- 750 -RRB- does not heat the grill up enough for any kind of burn to occur .2 -RRB- low wattage and amperage.I did not want to tax the older 14 guage copper wiring , and this unit can operate at 250,500,750,1000,1250 , and 1500 watts depending on what elements you connect inside of it , I found 750 to be perfect to maintain 65 * in the room 12x14 with 8 foot ceilings and 5 casement windows .3 -RRB- low noise . Do n't want to disturb the kittens or guests sleeping.This unit operates quieter than the vents for my central forced hot air due to the squirrel cage style blower , much quieter than competing brands with conventional bladed fans.The install was quite simple , if you can install an old work electrical box and wire a light fixture or an outlet you can install this unit following the very short and sparse instructions . I used a LUX ELV4 programmable line voltage thermostat to control it , which works great by the way.The unit will not win any beauty contest , but it looks the same as any other product of its type on the market , and King does have decorative grills for sale if you wish to purchase.I am 100 % satisfied with this heater and would highly reccomend it over the often recalled Cadet in wall heaters or very noisy broan units . It is well worth the premium price for the saftey of your home , pets , and family .
 I just completed a three bedroom basement remodel and used these to meet code for each bedroom having a heat source -LRB- no ceiling height for a central furnace -RRB- . They have worked out great . I combined them with the King thermostats and have had no problems . I have a total of 5 of them in the house -LRB- two more upstairs -RRB- . Unlike the other reviewer , I kept mine at maximum wattage . At max wattage the grill got hot enough that I worried about grand children having a bad experience , so I placed them high on the wall so they are out of reach.That is not optimal for heat distribution but safety trumped efficiency in this case.The unit fits nicely into the two by four walls . The only frustration I had installing them was with the grill screws - they were almost impossible to install into the holes provided . I had to really lean into them to get them to take without stripping the screw heads.The holes appear to be undersized and getting the screw in initially is very tough - though once the hole is expanded it works fine.The enamel cover looks very nice on the wall .
 As a cook , baker and full pantry keeper , I 've used this product by the case for years . It keeps those pantry pests not only out of the pantry , but out of anyplace people do n't think they are needed
 I sent this to my sister who had an infestation of pantry moths . They were hanging on the ceiling in her living room ! It made a difference immediately and solved the problem within about a month . Effortless and effective . It was stuffed full of the moths when it was all over .
 We are catching stray moths that we would not have noticed.I think that the directions should be stated more clearly on how to put the red lure in the trap .
 Only gave it 4 stars as I 've only had it for 6 weeks . It is VERY easy to set up .
 Catches lots of moths and is easy to set-up . Finally use Safer flying insect spray in connection with this product .
 This product is amazing ! It works wonderful , must replace when getting a lot . This is my saving grace to my pantry items . Thank you Safer !
 These traps work very , very well . We caught lots of moths in ours and are now almost completely moth free !!
 We had been plagued with pantry moths for MONTHS , and were getting at our wits ends . They were everywhere ! I checked every food item we had and threw some away , cleaned the cupboards , but nothing I did even put a dent in the amount of moths we had . When I found some information online about these pantry moth traps , I then came here to Amazon to read the reviews . I was torn after reading that the newer versions were said to not work , but I was also desperate . When I received this , I set up one of the traps in our kitchen on top of one of the hanging cabinets , and was amazed that in only about a week , our problem was solved ! I wish I would have tried this at the beginning and saved us a LOT of stress . I would HIGHLY recommend these traps to anyone ... they work !
 Yes , the moth pheromone wafers are very effective at attracting moths . No , the traps are not very good at catching them . I have tried these , and many similar brands , all with the same problem . Here 's what you do
 If your pantry is inundated with moths -LRB- or weevil-types -RRB- - this trap will take care of the moths that hatch after you clean out your pantry . With the long life cycle that these pests have - you need something to catch new ones . Even if you clean out your food and put everything kept in storage containers there may still be some rogue eggs -LRB- you would be amazed at what these pests like to lay their eggs in ! -RRB- I found eggs in clean brown lunch sacks . It would n't even be unreasonable to use these traps before you have a pest problem . Very safe !
 No question , this is an effective product . Using pheramones -LSB- sic . -RSB- to attact moths then trap them with sticky paper appeal to my love of science and technology.Today , the product is already folded into a triangular house for the moths to fly into . The interior is coated with adhesive so the moths become trapped after entering the house . Users must removed a pheramone-infused tab from a sealed package , then insert the tab into a slot to get it inside the housing . But almost always , the tab falls out of its intended spot and is stuck to the interior . I 've used it this way and it seems to work fine , but the manufactuer can help users by making three changes in the way they package the product .1 . make the little pheramone-infused tab already correctly positioned and attached to the interior so that users do n't have to open the sealed package and handle the tab .2 . They should cover the whole item , including the sticky paper , with wax paper , score where the folds go , and indicate how to fold it into the housing shape . Then users would just have to peel the whole wax sheet off to expose the sticky paper and the pheramone tab , fold it up , and voila , done!This way , the manufacturer can also save on packaging by shipping the items in a flat envelope rather than a mostly empty box .3 . Make the sticky housing attachable to something so it does n't knock around my pantry . This can be as simple as a hole to hang it on a nail , or a weak adhesive like that used on Post-it notes to attach the trap to a wall .
 Woodstream 05140 Safer Pantry Pest Trap -LRB- 2 per box -RRB- I have had great results with this product . Those who say they work for a while and then quit need to remember that the traps are only meant to catch flying stages of the insect . I use these traps once or twice a year , whenever I see a moth or two , once the infestation problem has been solved .1 -RRB- Use Pantry Pest Traps to eliminate all ADULT moths .2 -RRB- Next , go on a larva hunt -LRB- in the early stages they look like caraway seeds -- dark little crescent shapes about 1/8 '' long -RRB- . Check all the food in your cabinets . Take it all out . Anything can house larva . Look in the flour , cereals , boxes , bags , anything with a seam or crevice . Think like a mother -- she is trying to hide her young so that they will survive ! 3 -RRB- We have a pantry cabinet with adjustable shelves . When moths kept coming back , I got a flashlight and discovered that there was larva in every single hole for the shelf brackets . Swabbing the holes with a cotton swab dipped in alcohol produced mixed results , so I finally placed a piece of tape over each hole . If the larva survived the alcohol , they starved to death in their little cell.Using this method , I buy traps when moths come in with the groceries . I use canvas shopping bags that I wash every now and then so that the bags from the store -LRB- especially paper bags -RRB- do n't bring in larva .
 For some reason -LSB- unknown to me -RSB- I find these traps to be more effective when the pantry door is closed . Maybe the natural air circulation in an open room dilutes the pheromone scent . Anyway these traps have been VERY effective at stopping several infestations within a week . I now keep a couple on hand and bring them out when I see moths flying about . The package says they should be replaced every three months .
 This product works perfectly ! When I first began using the product , I had tons of moths caught in the traps . Now I find very few moths in the traps or in my house . I highly recommend Pantry Pest to anyone having problems with pantry moths , etc. .
 These Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps far exceeded my expectations . We had suddenly become infested with small gray moths in our kitchen and pantry area . The problem got better after throwing away an open bag of flour that was improperly covered , cleaning the shelves , and putting all other flour , grain , and pasta products in Ziploc bags , but we still had several of the little pests fluttering around.We followed the package directions and placed the Pest Traps in the areas where the moths tended to be the worst . Sure enough , the first two traps literally filled with the moths within a week . Since then we have placed two more traps out and they have caught a few more , but we have n't seen any more flying in the house since.We are very pleased with the effectiveness of the Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps - Highly Recommended
 I purchased this product two weeks ago and placed one in the kitchen and the other in the dining room . I went to check today and there are 6 moths in one and 5 in the other . I 'm pretty impressed . I highly recommend this trap for anyone with moth problems .
 It works for me when the trap is full what I do is take the red tab out and stick it on fly paper the thing has been working for more than 6 month now !! I Bought it online but you can find this at Home depot or Lowes get it from there its way cheaper !!
 We had an infestation of Indian meal moths a few weeks ago and have been struggling to get rid of them . After going through every box and container to get rid of the larvae , I purchased this trap for the pantry . It works well catching the male moths , but does n't catch the females . The idea is that if all the males are caught , the females wo n't be able to breed . It does the job , however you still have females moths hatching and flying around for several weeks ; I wish it caught both , but other than that , I think it does the job well and I will definitely purchase it again if I have the same problem in the future .
 Those little pantry pests come in with organic foods from just about every supplier ; At least the food wo n't poison them so maybe not us either ; that 's why I buy organic , But these little moths really are a PEST ! And difficult to rid from your pantry or even the rest of your home.I date put these traps out whenever I see those little pests fluttering around . Often the traps will be loaded within a month or two . And in general I make sure there are at least a few , current traps around my home at all times . They do work .
 I was amazed at how quickly these moth traps cleared out our moth infestation . The moths came from bird seed , and they were EVERYWHERE ! As soon as I opened the package with the pheromones in it , the moths started gathering around me . I can recommend this product with no reservations .
 the price for this two-pack was reasonable , the product is easy to assembly and does the trick . I would order it again
 First of all you need to identify the main source of the infestation and clean it up even if this means throwing out most of the food in your panrty . Once you have cleaned out the space you put on of these traps out and in a week or two you will be moth free .
 works better than expected . Took a couple days before anything happened , but now both traps are full of more moths than I thought existed . great product .
 Woodstream 05140 Safer Pantry Pest Trap -LRB- 2 per box -RRB- I have used these for the last year , have solved my pantry moth problem , although they seem to come back in the spring - these catch them all !
 I think this is a great product , it 's been working ! I 've caught so many of the moth 's I ca n't believe it ! I still have to work on where they are coming from , as I 've cleaned the area . The kitchen cabinets are new , so I 'm still wondering where they are coming from , and I 've cleaned out almost everything , but the product is definitely working !
 This product works to trap meal moth males . You 'll still need to kill the females by hand and throw away any food that has gotten infested . Put out several of these traps and the problem will be gone in a few weeks .
 It took a few days to begin to trap pantry moths with these , but they 've worked beautifully . I 'm ordering them again!Update
 If you have moths/grubs infesting your flour and grain products , this product is part of a long-term solution . Yes , you have to clean out your cabinets , eliminate contaminated products , etc. . But then pop these simple sex pheromone traps into the cabinets . They are useful both to trap moths looking to mate and lay eggs in your flour , and also to keep track of whether you still have moths , how many , and where . Knowing this , you can search more diligently for contaminated products to attack . You know that you are winning when you check the moths stuck in the trap and there are NO MORE MOTHS with wiggling antennae !
 We have battled these little monsters several times . One of these traps will be a fixture in our pantry from now on .
 Brought pantry moths home in a bag of cat food . The trap seemed to catch many of them , and eventually , after a few rounds of purchasing traps , I stopped seeing evidence of moths in my kitchen.A word of caution
 easy to use , no poison , takes a few days , but gets rid of the moths , buy several to have on-hand when the pesky things come back !
 I have a serious infestation going on . I kept hoping they would die out but after walking into a room and seeing literally a dozen or more flying around I went out to buy traps . These were the only ones available and I was skeptical about them . I set up the two in the package and went to wash my hands . When I turned around there were at least 12-15 moths flying around the trap already ! I keep going back to the store to buy more because they get full it attracts so many . I counted 30 in one trap alone ! I ca n't vouch for length of effectiveness because they fill up but they DEFINITELY catch them ! I would absolutely recommend them .
 I have 2 of these and hundreds of flys in the basement . These have not caught a single moth . Thankfully the cause of the flys were found and are now gone . * edit * Summer came around , and with the doors and the windows open nature made its way indoors . I never took these down as they were mostly obscure , but one day i decided to throw them away , and lo and behold ... They work ! There were about a dozen little moths on here .
 I love this because -LRB- 1 -RRB- no chemicals in our kitchen 2 -RRB- it really works and saves our kitchen/pantry from moths and 3 -RRB- is easy to hide or place anywhere . I would highly recommend these . Order extra so you can replace them every few months . It 's completely worth not having to throw away food that is fulled with moths -LRB- which happened to us last year ! -RRB- These have been a lifesaver .
 Moths were circling the shipping box before it was opened the lures are so effective . If anyone has complaints with the traps , they must not be taking the lures out of their packet and placing them in the traps . They are almost covered with moths in a few days . Ordering more .
 I have tried many other brands but this one is safe and effective everytime . I have used this same product for years and this purchase was actually cheaper than most locations .
 I bought a 2-pack of these traps to see how they would deal with my moth problem . I just ordered three more 2-packs because the traps have caught so many moths that the exisitng traps are running out of room on the sticky surfaces.I think they are a winner .
 After buying these traps in a local hardware store , I found them online at a reduced rate . They worked very well initially and did help to stop the cycle with the Pheromone attraction . But the pheromone seems to wear out in ten days . not weeks . However , that said , these simple easy traps took my home out of being moth infested , to having a few here and there . I recommend them highly .
 It seems to work - - We are n't seeing any more flying things coming out of our cupboards .
 I was looking for a product that I could safely use around my birds . This works great . Just drop the bait -LRB- which is about 1/2 '' square and thin -RRB- on to the sticky part of the trap , set it and voila ! In 2 days several moths were removed from the area . In a few more days I no longer see moths anywhere . No ill effects to my birds or to us . Great product .
 These work . Within seconds of having torn open the little pheromone packet I was swarmed by male moths . You just need patience . The life cycle of the pantry moth takes time . There may be eggs that have n't hatched yet , and larvae that have n't metamorphosed yet still hanging about . You have to leave the trap out -LRB- and according to the directions -RRB- for a good long while to catch all the moths . The traps say they are good for 3 months ... well you should leave them out that long to make sure you get them all . I believe we have conquered our pantry moth problem using the Safer brand traps .
 It caught many , many pantry flies . No issues . Cheap . Was exactly what I wanted .
 I literally ripped open the lure packet and one of these pesky pests was flying towards it . Thirty minutes later and I had four or five stuck to the glue trap . I am beyond pleased .
 I have used this product for many years and love it . It 's safe and easy . Anybody who says this product does not work apparently does n't know how to use it - and it 's very easy to use .
 this product is basically fly tape in a box . it doesnt get rid of the eggs ... you have to find those yourself . i basically wound up throwing all my boxed food away until all the moths were gone . and then the new batch hatched from their secret hiding place ! if you want to get rid of the moths , this definitely will catch them . the whole sticky area was covered with moths within a month
 I 'm so glad that a friend of mine told me about this product . I had no idea there was such a solution .
 I had an infestation of grain moths shortly after moving into a home - these traps really worked . Best if kept somewhat away from the food area . Recently I must have purchased something that brought them back . I have caught a lot of moths so far and gotten the population down . Think more hatch so it will be a while .
 I know this is grody , but I had to show proof -LCB- see images -RCB- that these really work , it DID take a few weeks to REALLY see a difference , but I went from spending an hour a night wacking and vacuuming moths off the ceiling and curtains to now , literally right now , I have 1 moth to kill . This is only 2 of the traps I put up , there is a 3rd , and I am going to stick up fresh ones just to be sure they are out of here ... but yeah , these things are amazing . ALSO , when we first opened the pheromones , there were male moths EVERYWHERE and at first I was upset because none of them went into the trap , but as you can see , they eventually do : -RRB-
 We have been plagued with these moths on and off for a couple of years . I do n't know exactly what brings them back , but the traps work well . I 've tried others -LRB- one with a white disc instead of red -RRB- that barely caught one , but these will catch 50 or more ! At one point , I thought they disappeared but I realized the traps were almost full and they just were n't flying around.You must be diligent though , do n't stop using them because you do n't see anymore , wait until they are empty for a while . Do n't put them too close to each other , a few feet works better . I have a small kitchen and I put one in the pantry and one on a shelf , one in my den and one in my living room . They do n't just stay where they hatch so spread them around.I am hoping as my traps are getting less and less , this is it , but if not , I found this brand works the best . -LRB- Sometimes Home Depot has them a bit cheaper but the convenience is great here -RRB-
 I have used these on and off for years because they are indeed effective for the grain moths sometimes seen around the kitchen and pantry . My rule of thumb is that if you see one moth there are likely to be several more in the area . If this is the case when you open the bait almost immediately you will see several moths approach the trap . Put the trap up quickly so that you do n't have moths flying at you ! One caution - the life of these traps is limited . I use a black magic marker to date the outside of the trap so that I can toss it when it expires . Place these on top of tall cabinets where the moths like to hide for most effective use . One last thing to remember is that if you keep seeing moths than you should look for the source . An old box of cereal or bag of flour or pasta forgotten in the back of a cupboard could be the source of the problem and is easily disposed of . The pantry pest trap is a very effective item for both trapping moths and judging for the need for further action . Highly recommended !
 Product is effctive , simple , cheap and unobtrusive . Put them on top of cabinets and forget them , for a few months , then toss them .
 Be sure to go through your grains on a regular basis to check for problems - flours , cereals , rice meals . Be diligent with pantry moths .
 They trap the moths as advertised . I would give them 5 stars if they came with a more traps in each package -LRB- for the same price -RRB- .
 My flatmate just loves to keep old cookies , crackers , cakes and snacks on the countertop ... for weeks on end . We were absoutely under attack from these horrid pests . They were swarming EVERYWHERE ! Even inside the toaster -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- > _ < -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- I was furious . Got the traps and they caught some moths . A few weeks later , the attack was back . You must find the source of the problem . Throw away all old food and then wipe the countertops and shelves with tile cleaner w / BLEACH . You need to set up SEVERAL of these traps , not just one or two . They are not cheap either ! The traps will attract the males , thus ending the breeding cycle . -LRB- Gross ! -RRB- At night time , come into the kitchen and be prepared to rat-tail these little pests with a dishrag . They are nocturnal and very nasty . They enter the home usually thru flour or flour-based foods . Good luck ! These moths are VILE to the max . They are tough to get rid of ... trust me and my house is CLEAN !!!!
 Length :
 This worked well for us , though it might take a little patience.We had a pretty bad infestation . After throwing out most of our open grain products , I knew the moths would still be lurking around and would be back . I bought these , and caught a bunch of moths right away . Then caught more a few weeks later , then a few weeks later . We could actually see the timing of the breeding cycle . Each time the moths appeared we had fewer and fewer of them , and now we do n't have any.You have to keep in mind that , though the moths might be gone , you might still have their tiny eggs lurking around . You have to take the time to capture several generations of moths before you get them all . Each generation is smaller than the previous one.We have n't had a new moth in a couple of months , but I will keep one of these in the cupboard at all times to make sure the moths do n't back .
 Those little white `` flour moths '' which appear in your pantry usually come with contaminated products -LRB- not unusually dry dog food , but lots of others , too -RRB- . Besides the arduous task of cleaning everything to be rid of them , the best deterrent/eradicator I know of is this Pantry Pest Trap , a pheromone-based item which traps the males so they can not mate , ending the breeding cycle.This brand works , and all you have to do is switch out for a new trap every three months and they generally stay away .
 We returned from a month 's vacation to find moths flying freely in our kitchen and cupboards . I have used Pantry Pest in the past and found that Amazon offered them for about $ 2.00 less per package . After cleaning out my cupboards and tossing anything that I found with signs of moths , I placed 4 traps in my various cupboards . Within a week , all of the moths were gone . Now , 3 weeks later , I remain moth free .
 Worked great at first . After we put out the second trap with a fresh lure , many fewer moths were caught -LRB- even though we still had quite a few -RRB- and we often saw moths sitting near the trap , but not going in for the bait . Maybe they evolve and we were selecting those who were less attracted to the scent of the lure .
 Based on my multiple experiences , I recommend :1 . Buy extra Pantry Pest Traps ! $ ave at Home Depot ! 2 . Use traps when FIRST seeing evidence of moths .3 . Cluster multiple traps -LRB- 2-4 -RRB- on top of the fridge.Can this product be improved ? Yes ! Make a larger sticky surface to trap moths . Most of , but not all of the inside surface of the trap is sticky . To help , I suggest ... 4 . Buy a package of fly paper ribbon/strips and temporarily mount 1 from the ceiling close to the Safer Pantry Pest Traps to trap more bugs.Unrelated to the product , due to re-infestations , I now additionally do the following : Toss ALL baking mix , flour , rice , cereal , macaroni , ramen , noodles , mac-n-cheese mix , pizza mix , gravies , chili mix , spice mix , etc. into garbage bags , seal and immediately put into an outside trash can.Thoroughly and carefully clean out/vacuum all cabinets/drawers paying special attention to crevices and all surfaces . I carefully clean product containers returned to the cabinet/drawers . It only takes 2 moths/larvae/eggs to re-infest . I stopped buying food in bulk , and I end up with fresher products and less cluttered cabinets and drawers.I now store susceptible foods in glass containers with screw-on lids , it 's a lot easier to see a moth that way , and a good way to recycle glass.NOTE
 These Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps far exceeded my expectations . We had suddenly become infested with small gray moths in our kitchen and pantry area . The problem got better after throwing away an open bag of flour that was improperly covered , cleaning the shelves , and putting all other flour , grain , and pasta products in Ziploc bags , but we still had several of the little pests fluttering around.We followed the package directions and placed the Pest Traps in the areas where the moths tended to be the worst . Sure enough , the first two traps literally filled with the moths within a week . Since then we have placed two more traps out and they have caught a few more , but we have n't seen any more flying in the house since.We are very pleased with the effectiveness of the Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps - Highly Recommended
 The trap caught 2 moths within 15 minutes of placing it in my pantry and I was n't aware that we had any left after throwing out all our grains days before . A bit later we killed some that had found their way to the pantry drawn by the pheromone tab in the trap . We have n't had moths in a couple of weeks now . Highly recommended !!!
 I was aliitle skeptical at first but this product really works . Mind you it does take some time but aver a few weeks all moths were gone . Now I uses these traps on constant basis , repalcing every four months making sure no more moth problems - nip it in the bud - so as to speak !
 This product works like it is described . Would suggest purchasing the double pack . Easy to use . Good price on Amazon !
 These little traps work great . Ten dollars for a box of two at your local hardware store though . Here the price is a little less , but that is without shipping ...
 The product worked as advertised and took care to the problem ! We liked how fast the product worked without any chemicals .
 I observed the pantry . I saw 2 pantry moths . Within 5 seconds of setting this trap inside the pantry , about 10 moths came out of nowhere and flew around like they were on catnip . It seems like this drives both the males and females crazy , except only the males actually go inside the trap . Within 3 minutes there were 3 moths on the sticky pad . GENOCIDE FOR THE WIN !!! Thanks , Safer ! I feel like my old self again !
 If you have pantry pests , buy these traps . I 'm not joking when I say that the minute I put the trap out they came swarming from hidden corners . It was sick , but it also brought me happiness to see them lured away from my precious food . YES .
 These are important to get a control on meal moths . I think we are making progress and I really appreciate that this product does work . It does n't solve the problem but helps to control the ever hatching batches .
 We bought it to get rid our house of the Indian Meal Moth . These insects are pretty harmless but annoying and would turn up in flour/cereals etc. . After setting up the trap , nothing happened for like 2-3 days and we would manually swat the moths . Later it managed to catch 15-20 of these . But it would not attract all of them . We still had to go after them with brooms etc. .
 Made a difference in the cupboard the first week . Would recommend to anyonelooking to rid their kitchen of these pests .
 I have a horrible moth problem lately ... searched everywhere for moth traps with no luck . I ordered this product in hopes that it would work . As soon as I took the bait out of the plastic , the moths came out of the woodwork ! I would recommend this product to anyone with moths .
 I like this trap - I have bought it several times now because it really seems to attract and catch a lot of moths.As long as you make sure to go through old food and throw out anything the moths have gotten into , you can successfully get rid of them with these traps .
 This trap really helped curb our 6 month problem with Miller moths that were in our kitchen and pantry . Within minutes of putting out the trap several moths were attracted to their demise . Works great !
 I had a terrible pantry moth problem a few months back and along with putting EVERYTHING in air tight containers/bags and trashing every open bag of rice/flour/cereal / whatever these were AMAZING . They each probably caught 50 + months in each and worked fabulously.If you are the type that does n't like watching insects struggle in a glue trap , do not buy this , or if you do put it in an easily accessible place for the moths to get to that you do not have to look into because it is n't pretty . But the bottom line is this works PERFECTLY . If I ever see moths again I will buy this product time and time again . I can not recommend it highly enough .
 It definitely works . Be sure to read the package carefully and follow up with frequent cleaning of the effected area .
 I did the job ! No moths for a weeks now ! The instructions are not real good but if you read them carefully and not drop the little tab through the hole , but slid it under the tab until it drops , it will go where it should go . You may need to use the corner of the envelope the tab comes in to push it all the way through .
 We had tiny little moths that seemed to come into our home from packaged grains that we purchased from the grocery store . Once we had them , they just seemed to multiply . I did n't want to use toxic sprays or cleaners in the pantry so I was happy to find these easy to use pantry pest traps . All you have to do is fold the traps into a triangle with the sticky stuff inside and open the little dot with the pheromone -LRB- a scent that attracts the moths -RRB- and drop it into the trap so it sticks on the side . Then just set the trap in an area where the moths are . You wo n't be able to smell the lure , but the moths will.It takes a week or so to trap all the moths , and each trap lasts for up to 3 months . I was surprised at how many moths it trapped . We also used one in the garage near the bags of bird seed and thistle . Moths seem to be attracted to that too and we caught a lot of them in there . Two thumbs up for a safe and effective product .
 Moths were getting in the pantry so needed a trapto catch them to protect the food . After placingthis trap on the shelf in just a few days themoths were caught . Great product .
 Great results from such a simple product . I would recommend these to anyone that has problems with moths in their pantry !
 Only thing worse than the pantry moths is finding their offspring in your food . Ugg !! These traps work great . There in no oder or insecticides so you feel good using them next to your food . Problem solved !
 So I opened up the box , placed the square pink thing in the middle . I open up the pantry and all of a sudden 4 moths flew out with the box still in my hand . I set it down inside the pantry and saw them go in ... the 1st day i caught about 5 . A week later I had about 15 . I did see one or two go in and not get stuck though in the glue .
 I got an infestation of pantry moths from a bag of bird seed . The population of moths soon got out of control , and I was finding them everywhere ! I have 2 of these lures in my pantry , and they have been there for about a month . I still find the odd moth flying around , but the population is definitely dwindling , and I 'm sure I 'll be moth free soon . The lure definitely catches the male moths , you just need a little patience to allow the life cycle of already hatched moths to pass . Pleased overall .
 very good costumer service . Very good natural product also . Safe to keep in kitchen.I also suggest to my friends . Thank you .
 My moth infestation started with my cockatiel 's food -LRB- I think -RRB- and spread so fast I 'm still not sure I 've found all the larvae-friendly nooks in my apartment . I 'm still baffled why I find them hovering around in my bathroom!But my poor housekeeping aside , I stood in the kitchen , opened the sealed bait packet , and dropped it onto the sticky trap . Instantly two moths were circling . A couple hours later there were ten or twelve stuck in the glue . After a week it was covered with them and I had to dispose of it.The key with these infestations is breaking the lifecycle . You have to get rid of the moths before they can reproduce , which means you need to keep catching the boys for at least a couple weeks , and doing it before the girls can exercise their charms . The best advice is to employ both a trap like this and a larvae insecticide that you apply to your walls in any room where you think the infestation started up near the ceiling . This is because when the larvae hatch they crawl upwards . They hit the insecticide barrier and die -LRB- or become unable to cocoon , I do n't recall which -- same effect either way -RRB- . The insecticide is very effective , I 've successfully eliminated these moths in the past with it . However , it is also toxic to just about every living thing -- including your pets and you . So I hate using it in the kitchen.The third thing you must do -LRB- and which I 've been lax on -RRB- is find and get rid of EVERYTHING that 's infested . The infestation is obvious . The larvae form small cocoons usually in the corners of boxes and walls -LRB- look up at the angle between your wall and ceiling -RRB- . But they 'll also eat their way into envelopes , like packets of taco seasoning . You can spot the tiny round hole . They like dry goods , and I 've even found then in soap powder . Zipper closure bags are n't effective -- they can chew through them . They can also worm their way inside of twist cap tops on jars and I recently found them inside a can of McCann 's Steel Cut Oatmeal where the metal lid was firmly shut . Maybe in that case they got in when I had the can open to make oatmeal -LRB- I do not mean to suggest that the oatmeal was infested when bought it -RRB- . Put dry goods into firmly sealed hard plastic or glass containers.And the final thing to do is freeze the suspect foods . Any bag of bird food that enters my apartment goes right into the freezer for at least three days . That kills the eggs . If you can keep things like flour and cereal in the fridge you 'll have better luck , too.This product as an excellent part of a moth eradication program . The box contains two , and you should use them both one after the other -LRB- do n't set them up in two places at once , that confuses the moths -RRB- in addition to my other steps above .
 It just quietly sits there and nails the little devils . No odor , no mess . I find they 're effective next to a fruit bowl in the summer for a couple of months . Have tried cheaper ones .
 This pest trap is working pretty well for me . I 've had moths for a few years now . They seem to come out mostly on summer nights . I threw out almost all my food last year , yet they continue to show up . I finally got sick of spending every evening swatting 5-7 moths . Now with the trap , I only have to chase down 1-2 moths each night , if any . I 've found that location really does matter though . One trap I placed on a bookshelf and caught nothing after several weeks . I moved it just 5 feet away to another shelf , and now it 's catching plenty of bugs . So if you are n't getting as many bugs caught as you would expect , try moving the trap . Anyway , this product is n't solving my pest issue , as I still have some floating around , but it 's certainly helping a great deal .
 I found I had moths in my kitchen . Looked up on internet , and found these strips available . They work ... that is all I know .
 Well truth be known , this product lives up to it 's claim . The pantry pests are indeed pretty much gone . Yes there are still some the linger , but it culls them enough so they can not get a stronghold on your pantry . The trap uses a pheromone to draw in the insects , it then uses a sticky pad to catch them . All that matters is that is works . You will usually see the moths on the paper in the first day . The benefits to this type of pest control are obvious . No mess , no stinky odors , and it 's safe for the environment and your family.Looking back , I would sure love to know how the critters got there in the first place ? I can say this much , once they move in it 's tough to get rid of them ! I have a gut feeling I know where they came from , but cant prove it . If ever your in a supermarket and they have flour products reduced in price , think twice before buying . There might be a reason why they are cheap . Enough said .
 These Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps far exceeded my expectations . We had suddenly become infested with small gray moths in our kitchen and pantry area . The problem got better after throwing away an open bag of flour that was improperly covered , cleaning the shelves , and putting all other flour , grain , and pasta products in Ziploc bags , but we still had several of the little pests fluttering around.We followed the package directions and placed the Pest Traps in the areas where the moths tended to be the worst . Sure enough , the first two traps literally filled with the moths within a week . Since then we have placed two more traps out and they have caught a few more , but we have n't seen any more flying in the house since.We are very pleased with the effectiveness of the Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps - Highly Recommended
 I 've used this product in the past , and each time it has taken care of my pantry pest infestation . The traps are easy to install , and within a few days , the pest is gone . Wonderful !
 If you have dogs , cats , or other critters that eat dried food , you will get moths sooner or later ! Not to mention all of the other dried products that we all tend to use.I have used these for several years , and they do a great job of keeping the moths down . I would rather have a few moths than risking the safety of my food using various pesticides.One goes atop the fridge , and another atop the microwave sitting on it 's cart . As the trap fills up , effectiveness decreases because the sticky surface gets covered in moths and ` moth dust ' . I intend to spread some `` tree tanglefoot '' on top of the moths - might extend the life.Overall , an effective product for those moths listed on the box . If this does n't work for you , do a bit of research to identify your ` guests '' !
 These traps are amazing . We put the box containing the scent -LRB- not noticable -RRB- and sticky paper on a top shelf , and left it . When I checked it several days later there were moths caught on the sticky paper . They are attracted by the scent , and I have seen no more moths flying around .
 My parents are pack rats and they do n't throw away many things ... because of this they have expired dried food ... so every time I go home their house is like a moth farm . Moths were flying in my face , near my food ... they were just everywhere.I bought a couple of these traps and put them up near their food source -LRB- flour , grains , crackers , cereal , etc. -RRB- and hoped that they would help . A month later my parents called and told me how great the traps were ... they were very thankful . I did n't know how effective these traps were until I visisted my parents ' home again . . I did not see one moth ! Very impressed . . and I would recommend this product to anyone .
 We have pet birds and with all the bird seed around you are bound to have moths . The house was once infested and this little item saved the day . They DO WORK !!! Also safe around pets and especially delicate lungs of birds . No toxic odors and no messy sprays , just dead bugs !!
 Pantry moths are just gross . So when I Googled it & realized why I had so many moths in my house , I quickly got onto Amazon to find the right product - one that did n't use harsh chemicals & one that was effective . The minute -LRB- literally -RRB- I opened the pheromone packet and placed it in the trap , I had 4 moths fly in from who knows where attracted to the trap . -LSB- I have video proof -- I 'll try to upload -RSB- . One got interested enough and was caught on the sticky trap immediately . Unfortunately , the other 3 just kinda hung out but never entered the trap . And I did n't catch any more for a couple days . Just as I was feeling disappointed by it 's lack of victims , after being away from the house for a couple days , I came home to 3-4 more moths captured . -LSB- Hooray ! -RSB- Overall , it works but not as aggressively as I hoped . But I 'm not sure another trap would . I 'm happy with my purchase because it is capturing the moths and my problem does seem to be reduced -LRB- I only see about 1-2 moths a day ... I still have to majorly clean out my cupboards before I expect any full reprieve -RRB- . I might try a stickier fly strip as suggested by some - I have not seen that the tackiness does n't work , but I 'm willing to try anything to make sure all the moths are gone .
 We went to a lot of work to rid ourselves of pantry moths , but we could not get rid of the last survivors . This product did just that , within days of putting it on the shelf . Best to use a high shelf because you can see the dead moths , which is n't very appetizing .
 Found product to be effective . However , it will take at least three weeks to start seeing results.We had a moderate infestation .
 These work really well . I have a problem with pantry moths , and thought I had almost gotten rid of them , but got the traps just in case . When I first opened the shipping box in my kitchen , a small fleet of moths seemingly came out of nowhere and starting swarming the box . So , I 'd say that this is pretty potent love stuff for them ! The downside of course is having the traps laying around with dead moths -LRB- or struggling moribund moths -RRB- stuck to them . And , despite using the traps for 6 months , and putting all newly purchased grains in the freezer for 24 hrs , new moths are stilling appearing now and then , so full eradication remains elusive .
 I order 2 boxes every 6 months for my pantry . I do n't know how those bugs get in there , but those traps are full by the six month mark -LRB- I am a Chicago suburban homeowner -RRB- . It 's safe , no pesticides .
 These traps were the only thing I found that cured my pantry moth problem -- I cleaned out my pantry , disposed lots of dry goods , and tried to keep everything tightly sealed but still have problems with the moths . After a few weeks with these , the moths were gone . I 've used them for about three years now and have n't seen any moths or their eggs anywhere.You 've got to be patient . I was expecting that the moths would fly right in to the traps to meet their demise . It does n't exactly work that way -- but with time , the moths do find their way into the traps and the problem is solved.Overall , a great , simple solution to a very annoying and costly problem .
 This is the third set of this brand pantry moth trap I 've purchased . It 's virtually impossible to permanently rid your pantry of moth eggs once you have a moth . They come in cycles for us . The traps attract and catch all the adults . They hatch in cycles , months apart . The traps will sit empty for a long time , then suddenly I 'll find 8 moths in one . We keep as much food as possible in tightly sealed containers , but always have open cereals and cracker boxes on hand . Since we started using the traps I 've never found moths in the food or flying around . They just show up in the traps . You are supposed to replace the traps every three months , but ours have been working for longer periods - probably 5 months .
 We put out these traps in 2007 or 2008 - a very long time ago . They never caught anything , so I left them alone and simply checked every few months . I knew they probably were `` dead '' and should be replaced , but just never got around to it . About a month ago , I found the trap and looked inside - inside three months -LRB- when I last checked -RRB- , the trap went from no moths to a dozen or more captured ! And this is after years of just sitting with the phermone strip exposed to the air ! THANK YOU , SAFER ! I immediately replaced the traps with new ones , since the old ones were full . Hope the new traps last 1/2 as long ! RECOMMENDED .
 My life was consistently plagued with pantry moths until I found this product . I had tried every other approach imaginable , including a high-powered chemical that I sent for on the Internet -LRB- banned in my state -RRB- and landed me in the ER.That 's not to say that the problem has completely disappeared . It requires constant vigilance . But this is the best product I 've found .
 Purchased my traps at Lowes and the moths flocked to them . After a month or two I could n't tell if the traps were still working - they had collected many moths ! So I moved the old traps to a different closet and added two more traps to the pantry . all four traps are still catching moths!So , the traps -LRB- a -RRB- lure the moths and trap them , but -LRB- b -RRB- I 'm still having moths show up over three months later . I suspect the moths have dug in quite well , but I 'll continue adding traps until they come up clean.I realize that some reviewers say the traps do n't work ... I wonder if they opened the small envelope -LRB- ~ 1 `` x1 '' -RRB- that contained the pheromone chip , and placed -LRB- dropped -RRB- the chip onto the sticky board as the instructions directed . That chip is what draws the males to the sticky board . Without the pheromone chip , the trap will be ineffective.When I first opened the trap I found the instructions to be not as clear as I thought they should have been - I was n't certain how the pheromone chip was to be placed in the trap . It turns out that you just open the envelope -LRB- pouch ? -RRB- and drop the chip onto the sticky board on the inside of the trap . then place the trap in the location where you believe the moths reside . The trap does the rest - safely.I 'm satisfied with the operation of the trap , but ready for the moths to be eradicated . At least they are no longer flying around my kitchen !
 Put it in my pantry tonight , and it caught 2 moths within 15 minutes , so something is working!That being said , I actually bought this at Home Depot for only $ 5.78 + tax ! This really casts doubt on Amazon 's claim that the list price is $ 11.11 ...
 I 've been using these things for years with good success but what prompted me to write this review was setting out some new traps tonight and watching as one moth flew in to the pheromone bait tab , got stuck , managed to get loose , then went right back after the tab again , apparently thinking he 'd found the moth of his dreams . He did n't get loose the second time . There 's an allegorical tale for all us males right there.As has been mentioned in other reviews , these only trap the male moths . That cuts down on the reproduction rate but you still have to kill the females by hand . The traps might work better if the manufacturer had put a larger patch of the sticky stuff on the inside and the price is a little high but when used in conjunction with proper storage techniques , the traps will help you keep grain moths under control .
 This does what it advertises . I had a meal moth infestation in my storage room and after one year of squashing these pests by hand , i decided to research on an easier way to kill these bugs . Luckily i came across this product which works like a charm . I no longer have to go into the storage room at 11pm to kill bugs . After a few days the problem is solved . No more bugs flying around .
 I have been using the `` pantry pest '' in my pantry and closets for many years now.It is the most effective product I 've used . I recommend it to everyone.C.A . SmallArizona
 A roommate and I moved into an apartment with a serious moth problem and took almost a year to get it completely fixed . I can sympathize with anyone in a similar situation!This product essentially does what it says -LRB- at least for us , I think we had grain moths -RRB- . It would lure-in and catch 10-20 moths and day and within a week , would be at capacity with no more sticky surface left ! It 's great that package 2 traps in each box ! The REAL solution to a moth problem is :1 -RRB- Place all grains in anything less than sealed glass or metal containers in the freezer for a week . Put almost anything you can in there for good measure . Try to use heavy-duty containers in the future too ... 2 -RRB- Place tape over any cracks in the walls or between cabinates and the walls . I think they were nesting in there ... 3 -RRB- Clean all surfaces carefully and throw out any food older than a week or two . My roommate brought a paper-bag filled with corn flour ... . They got into it at some point and by the next time we checked it was filled with silk - yuck .4 -RRB- Use these traps to catch the stragglers . They wo n't fix the problem alone .5 -RRB- Be diligent in killing them yourself . I killed many-a-moth by hand . . These traps are great , but no more than a band-aid if used alone ! Find the source of the problem !
 The Safer brand pantry moth traps are amongst the best . They are odorless and effective . Unlike other brands of similar traps , the Safer brand has the lure pads individually packaged so you can only use one trap if that is your need.Although the packaging suggests several weeks between trap replacement , the lure seems much less effective after 3 or 4 weeks .
 The Pantry Pest is a great product . After being away from our home for 3 months , we came home to moths ! It took a while to figure out where they were coming from . When we realized they were FOOD moths and not CLOTHES moth , I went to our local hardware store and bought The Pantry Pest traps . It 's important to throw all food stuffs away . Anything new was stored in plastic bags or containers . Eventually they disappeared , thanks to this excellent product . I highly recommend it!Sally Fama
 Attracts only male moths , so do n't be surprised to see other -LRB- female -RRB- moths flying around it . Ours worked for 2 months , killing many moths and finally ridding our cupboards of these incredibly persistent pests . Highly recommended .
 These moth traps are excellent . In one box there are two trap and the scent packs . After putting these traps out I caught tons of bugs . Many moths swooped down and were trapped . It does take sometime for these traps to start working , give it a day or two . I will be adding some pics of how my traps look after about a month of being out .
 These are fantastic . I will often get pantry moths in early spring so I set these up before that time and it takes care of the problem .
 This trap was a great fix for our moth problem ! I put them on our kitchen counter and within about a month we had tons -LRB- maybe 40 -RRB- in the trap . They are very easy to set up and when full , just throw them away . I think it was very affordable and well worth it for the amount of moths it caught . I even reordered the same product again to replace the full traps .
 This product worked well to rid my pantry of moths . It is still necessary to clean the pantry well and check stored products for mealworms .
 I had a terrible problem with pantry pests , so I looked online for something to solve it . I searched Amazon and decided to try this product . It worked immediately . Took it out of the box , put in the lure and set it down . Those pest started to circle around the little trap and soon were flying in and getting stuck on the adhesive inside the box . Needless to say I am happy with this product .
 I have found ` The Pantry Pest Trap ' to be the ultimate deterant to the moth pest . When The Pantry Pest Trap was no longer available at a local `` box '' store , I had a fit because the traps kept my pantry , garage and closets free of moths . Fortunately , I searched the internet and found the `` Safer '' product available via Amazon.com . So instead of chasing moths all through the house with a fly swatter , I use ` The Pantry Pest Trap ' the best moth catcher ever available via Amazon.com . And , I approve this message ... J R Johnson
 I had a bag of dog food come into my house and it was contaminated with moths . We spent days killing them . Apparently we did not kill them fast enough because in a few more days we had the worms EVERYWHERE -LRB- there must have been 200 on the ceiling in the morning -RRB- . A few more days pass and even though we thought we had all the worms we had moths everywhere again . I bought a couple of these traps and they worked well . I was rather impressed . We still have moths and we kill them as we see them , but the trap does catch them . A few days later I went to order more of these since I knew they worked and saw the catchmaster ones as well for a lot cheaper , so I ordered both . I am giving these 4 stars because they worked well and really impressed me , until I put out the catchmaster traps . In 2 days the catchmaster ones are outcatching these ones 4 to 1 . They seem to use the same lure , but have MUCH stronger glue and a lot more of it . These work well , but you can get 3 times the traps for about the same money and the cheaper ones do a better job.Catchmaster Moth and Pantry Pest Trap
 We have unfortunately had a real problem with these food moths and found that these Pantry Pest Traps to be EXCELLENT in catching them . I truly do not understand the negative reviews , other than perhaps these customers do not have ` food ' moths but ` clothes ' moths . I mean who ever thought researching ` moths ' would ever be on one 's agenda list ??? Anyway , suffice it to say , that these moth traps are highly effective and the Amazon price is the lowest around . Thank you both Pantry Pest and Amazon for being the amazing company that you are !
 In April , at the height of our moth activity , I bought a box of these traps and placed one , per the instructions , underneath the cupboard . Three days later , all I 'd found inside was a gray smudge where a moth apparently managed to free itself from the glue . I was frustrated and posted a 1-star review.Just over a month later I happened to look inside the trap , and I was stunned . Both sticky surfaces are now covered with moths and even a few flies . I have n't touched the trap , and I 'm not sure what happened , but I 've completely revised my opinion . You may now consider me very pleased with my purchase .
 Product works very good . Will buy again . I would recommend this product for house , garage , where the little pests fly .
 Nothing terribly exciting , except that it worked and did what I needed it to do . We had had a problem with moths and I did n't want to use anything toxic . This worked quickly and got rid of the moths .
 We 've purchased this product twice now and have been satisfied with it each time.Product does just what it says . Easy to assemble . Set it up and the pantry moths find it quickly . They stick to the glue inside the paper triangular unit.Will buy again.Non-toxic , safe around food , children , pets.Vendor sent promptly .
 I am going through the third sets of these traps . Each trap catches about two dozen months before it fills up . In the same time frame the UV light electronic sapper only kills a couple . I have improved the UV Attractor with the used up scent pellets from these traps . The production rate may be attributed to position but they are only 12 ft apart .
 Love this pest trap , it really works ! Have n't seen any moths flying around the house since I put one near my cabinet where I keep cereals and pasta . They get stuck inside on the sticky sides and presto , no more moths !
 The item I purchased was as promised . It was shipped quickly and at a fair price . I would do business with this seller again . Thanks
 I REALLY GOT TIRED OF THE KEYLESS CHUCK THAT CAME WITH MY DRILL . AFTER MANY YEARS OF USE THE ORIGINAL KEYLESS CHUCK REALLY SLIPPED IN THE REVERSE POSITION NO MATTER HOW HARD I TRIED TO TIGHTEN IT . THIS IS A MAJOR , MAJOR FLAW WITH KEYLESS CHUCKS . I 'VE DECIDED TO GO OLD-FASHIONED AND USE THE DEPENDABLE KEYED CHUCK . ALTHOUGH THIS CHUCK IS NOT AS HEAVY DUTY AS A MILWAUKEE CHUCK IT DOES THE JOB AND IS A REALLY GREAT BUY FOR THE PRICE .
 I have a thirty year old Craftsman 3/8 '' variable speed drill motor . The Drill motor runs great , but spent more time keeping bits tight in the chuck than drilling . This chuck seems to be better than the original when it was new.I had considered tossing the drill motor , but now I look forward to getting several more years use out of it.This chuck tightens easily and holds the bits very solid
 A perfect fixture for the throne room . Good weight , sturdy and beautiful chrome finish . Elegant design . I would purchase again
 Very good quality product - easy installation with template , comes with fasteners for dry wall and tile , hex wrench for tightening
 We just finished a total remodeling of our master bath and went with Kohler Bancroft drawer pulls , towel racks , sink faucet , and door handles . The toilet tissue holder is well made and will stand up to years of use . A little expensive ... but you get what you pay for .
 he loved it . used it first after opening his christmas presents . this is great for the bigger drill bits in his set .
 Very well pleased with this large chuck for sharpening the larger bits , well worth the money . Saved bits I would have thrown away .
 My drill doctor worked so great on my smaller drill bits that I just had to sharpen my larger bits also , I purchased a 1/2 - 3/4 Large Chuck and am I ever glad that I found out about drill doctor products . From now on NO MORE DULL BITS ... Marv
 The device take a little bit to learn how to use it , but it works very well . It is a great product .
 i was looking for a shower holder with elbow attached so that i would not have to drill holes in my granite shower walls and this worked perfectly . pricey item but if you need it then its worth the money
 This bulb gives a nice clear light perfect for reading or corner lighting , but be aware that the diameter of this bulb 's top is a good deal larger than a standard 60W bulb . We have several lamps with shades that `` clip '' on to the bulb and they slide off of this since they can not be pushed down far enough to securely hold .
 Bought this for our front and back patio . A good bug light . The only problem is that they take about 20 seconds to reach full brightness . They start quite dim . With the longer life and energy savings I can live with that.Bug lights really do work . We left our front lights -LRB- 2 -RRB- on and came home late at night . A normal light would have called the bugs from miles around . Instead , we had a single stray moth . It really does reduce the bugs , if you can live with the yellow light .
 If you want yellow bug lights for the outdoor fixtures in your home these cfl bulbs are the best looking and most economical and efficient lights out there for that use.They arrived in good condition in a timely manner
 I am an appliance repairman . I love to do good work.Putting in really nice kitchen equipment needs to be well thought out.It is not who spends the most money or buys the best names who will get the best kitchen . Keeping your venting quiet if anyone besides caterers see the inside of your kitchen is a real plus.This product is a must on all my residential kitchen venting jobs .
 I bought the 2 inch bit to install RG6 and Cat 6 in our new home . The bore cuts very well , however the Makita 18V lithium cordless drill did not have enough power to force the bit through after the feed screw took hold . My solution was to drill a 3/8 '' pilot hole for the feed screw , then it worked fine . I 'm sure it would have worked alot better with a more powerful drill that was n't cordless . As it was , the WoodOwl made quick work of most of the holes and helped my installation job move along . I would recommend it if you have the right drill .
 Quality tip for a quality sprayer . I have used the original for years . this one has metal threads which increases reliability.the original was plastic .
 Good product . These are interchangeable with graco tip guards also . I searched high and low for a replacement when a graco would have worked just fine .
 I did n't purchase this pump from Amazon but I do own it . It 's a great unit if you are worried at all about losing power while not at home . It pumps almost as well as a 1/2 horse AC powered pump . It 's the only pump you will need . Just get 2 100 amp batteries minimum or bigger if you want it to run longer .
 I bought this pump to pump out rainwater from my inground pool . It arrived , the model exactly as pictured , so well packaged I would n't have known it was reconditioned . I put it in my pool and plugged it in and in about half the time of my old pump it , very quietly , had drained my pool down to where I wanted the water level to be . Maybe I got lucky compared to some other buyers of this product but I feel pretty good about the ten dolars I saved on a brand new model .
 Works great and very happy with it , much easier way to take the water off my pool cover
 Its a pump . It does the same job a new one would do at half the price.Why buy new ?
 We 're in a Stage 4 Drought here so I bought this to transfer used water from the washing machine to droopy plants . It works great . I run my washing machine water into a big plastic trashcan , and this wonderful little pump pushes the water through a garden hose to the needy areas . You do have to clean the lint screen every week or so . Hey , why waste all that gray water in a drought ? JPR
 This pump worked great after I replaced the GFI plug . The GFI plug began tripping off immediately . I remembered a previous review about this so I replaced it and the pump works now.Pumps the water off the pool cover very quickly . I can see using this to bail a leaky basement as well . Would have given it a 5 if the plug had worked .
 It is refurbished as the item description states so as expected it was not 100 % brand new . However , it works just like new and I am very happy with it . It seems to pump very well - so well I sprayed water everywhere at first . As long as you do n't mind having a gently used pump this is a great deal .
 This factory reconditioned pump came in handy when we needed to pump out our swimming pool of the last 3000 galons or so . The fact that it was reconditioned works for me , dollar wise . I 'm happy with it 's 950 gph rate and we watered our trees and lawn instead of washing all that water down our street .
 I got this pump to use in an emergency for occasional flooding in a window well . The first time I put it to the test was on July 4 when we had a main sewer clog -LRB- of course it was my visiting brother 's fault -RRB- and water backed up from the basement bathroom . The garden hose fitting allowed me to easily connect this pump to a hose and keep the bathroom pumped out and prevent flooding the rest of the basement with nasty sewer water . There 's a GFCI built in to the power cord for safety . Great pump for the price .
 This was a replacement for a 1/2 hp Flotech cistern pump that gave me nothing but grief . It is quieter and much stronger than the FloTech -LRB- which only gave me 5 years -RRB- . I think it is a great , well-made pump for the price . My Flotech took upwards of two minutes to recharge the pressure tank - this one does it in less than 40 seconds . The pressure switch is 30/50 but you can increase/descrease it about 5 PSI either direction . The two outflow ports are a nice touch - I replaced the priming plug with a valve to make it easier to prime .
 Installed for a cistern . Exact replacement for the one I bought 17 years ago . Been working since with no problems for 1 1/2 years . Good price
 The pump arrived very quickly , and we had no difficulty connecting the pump to our existing piping system . Re-wiring the pump for 220V was not technically difficult , but the location of the wiring connector makes it difficult to run the wires so they will not be exposed to water in case of a leak . Once that was accomplished , the pump was primed according to directions that came with the pump , and the pump has worked like a charm ever since . This pump replaced a 25 year old 1HP pump , but we do not notice any difference in water pressure at all . Amazing . With the 3 year warranty , you ca n't beat this pump for price and dependability . According to my research , Wayne is very good at honoring their warranty . That and the price were selling points for me ; and the fact that the pump produces so much pressure is icing on the cake .
 I purchased this shallow well pump to use in a boat washing system . The pump is connected to a large water tank as the water source . Through trial and error , I found that I needed a foot valve between the pump input and the large water tank . I also found that the arrow imprinted on the foot valve had to point towards the pump , opposite of what the foot valve manufacturer recommended . The pump works very well in this setup , I am pleased with its performance . I would only recommend that the Wayne company include instructions on adjusting the pressure switch setting , this would be very helpful .
 Very quiet . Had to use the 220v and changing from 110 to 220 was a piece of cake . Definitely would recommend this pump .
 Just as advertised ... brand new . I 'm surprised & pleased at how quiet it is compared to the pump it replaced . Think that my have something to do with the detachable sheetmetal mounting plate ... it must act as a vibration filter . Flow near 50PSI seems a little better than spec 'd .
 We originally installed this in May 2012 to replace an older pump that had gone out . As of February 2013 , I can report no problems.Happy with the quality of the pump . I would n't buy one of the cheaper plastic models .
 The pump was ordered to replace a defective Wayne SWS50 pump which lasted only a few months . This replacment pump is working well . What I was most impressed by was Amazon 's return policy and customer service . Amazon exceeded my expectations and I give them 5 + stars .
 We ordered this pump and will not be installing it until next Spring . So far , it looks good and arrived in one piece unbroken .
 This is the second pump in last 20 years . The first one was my mistake , or could of lasted 40 .
 This chandelier is beautiful ! I looked for a long time to find one that would work for my master bedroom . I have a traditional house and use oil rubbed bronze fixtures throughout . The chandelier fit right in and added the perfect amount of elegance to our bedroom without being over the top . Even my husband liked it !
 hi these wallies are so easy to work with.my daughter used them several years ago and i could n't find them at a local store , then the light bulb went off and i thought amazon has everything.i wanted to change the color on some of them and so i used craft paint and it worked fine so do n't be afraid to buy if colors are n't quite what you want .
 These bits were absolutely amazing for both the price and the packaging . The wooden storage box keeps the bits and all the various pieces nicely organized and I know where to turn to when I need a tapered pilot hole . Some bit of marking to more easily distinguis the different sizes would have beeen nice , but overall for the quality , and price , of the item I think it 's great !
 Having just remodeled my kitchen , I decided it was time to install some extra lighting.Searching on Amazon for `` kitchen lighting '' the search results included these new arrivals . I am glad I chose them.This particular model from Good Earth is superior to the halogen models for a number of reasons . First , the halogen models shine the lights straight down . You can not aim them . The result is that you have uneven lighting under your cabinets . Not only is it not very attractive , but , if your eyesight is dimming -LRB- as is mine -RRB- then the uneven lighting spots under the cabinet can be more of a nuisance than a help.These units use xenon instead of halogen . The result is that for the same wattage -LRB- or amount of electricity -RRB- , the xenon produces more lumens -LRB- light -RRB- . In addition , this unit is VERY thin -LRB- about 1.25 '' -RRB- and us hardly noticeable under the dark cabinets I have in the kitchen . Finally , this fixture has a light diffuser -LRB- frosted glass -RRB- which tends to reflect the light in even pools under the cabinet , instead of spotting straight down as with the halogen models.Good Earth Lighting , Inc. . G9113-WH-I Sunrise Three-Light 20-Watt Halogen Undercabinet Lighting Bar , WhiteIt is easy to wire these in series -LRB- link them together -RRB- . Since they only consume about 20 watts per fixture , I wired four of them together on to a common plug , and , just plug them in . There is a rocker switch so that you can control each panel of light individually.If I get a chance , I will upload some before and after pictures of the installation in my kitchen .
 I just installed two of these -LRB- very easy installation -RRB- in spots where a full-sized towel rack would be too long . I do n't like towel rings , so was happy to find this item .
 I have a tiny wall next to my sink that 's not big enough for a traditional towel bar , and I hate towel rings . I did n't know what to do with hand towels and I started considering hanging some clothes hooks when I found this.This little towel `` hook '' is perfect - I can easily just hook a towel on and it 's good to go . Very modern styling with a classic touch . The installation was a little bit tricky , and the screw holding the main components together needed some tightening , but now that it 's up , I do n't know how I lived without it.Highly recommended for any bathroom , kitchen , laundry room , etc. .
 Great styling , very high quality in material and finish and easy to install . The instructions were easy to follow and you can not beat the speed of shipment . Great transaction and delivered right on schedule .
 This item was purchased to match Delta items bought for our shower . This is a great match to the style and finish and quality . We are well pleased .
 I originally purchase a Baby Trend -LRB- Malawi -RRB- playyard , got it home and spent hours putting it together . I figured I would also need to purchase a basinette or moses basket with stand to go near our bed since the playyard was a bit too large for our bedroom . I found this Combi Travel Solutions set and knew I had to return the other immediately . I got it home today and had to do very little assembling . The basinett was the main reason I purchased this set . It 's on a metal stand that either rocks or can be rolled around if you engage the wheels . If you were to purchase a basinett like this , it would cost $ 50-100 . Plus , the play yard has most of the `` bells and whistles '' that you would need -- changing table that flips down and can be used simultaneously with the basinett -LRB- if you choose to install the basinett in the play yard instead of on the stand -RRB- , device with night light , music and vibration and side storage bag . The only thing it is missing is a sunshade if you use the play yard without the basinett -LRB- the basinett has its own -RRB- . Great quality , no little cheap parts to put together , very little assembly and both the play yard and basinette/stand have their own storage bags for easy mobility . The play yard bag is equipped to allow it to roll using the wheels from the play yard . Best item I 've purchased for my baby !
 I am more impressed with this item than any other item that I have bought for the new baby . I originally purchased a Kolcraft contours play yard . I thought it was the best looking one I had seen , and it had a bassinet . I thought it would be practical and a money saver -LRB- would n't have to buy a bassinet -RRB- . I was really dissappointed though and returned the item because the bassinet and changing table were one piece . You had to retire the changing table with the bassinet and you could n't use the play yard if the bassinet/changing table were being used . Any way about the combi . It has worked out any flaws the other had and it is beautiful . The bassinet can be used free standing with the included base or in the play yard . Also the changing table lies convieniently on the side and simply flips over onto the top to use and then back again . It has alot of storage pockets for all your incidentals and it all folds down and fits nicely into the included storage bag . another big plus , the wheels are exposed when its packed up so the whole unit can be rolled rather than carried . It is AWESOME !!!!!
 If you travel often , BUY THIS !!!!!! When the play yard is folded and the bag is on , the wheels on the play yard stick out so you can wheel it while it 's folded AND in its travel bag ! WONDERFUL ! The play yard bag also has a large zipper compartment that is meant for the changing table portion to fit into it . We almost always left that at home and used the zipper compartment for more packing ! I usually put a play yard mattress pad , a blanky or 2 , night diapers , pajamas , and bath stuff in it.We purchased this play yard after many many months of research . It arrived when I was very close to delivery and I was able to set it up and figure it all out within about 30 minutes by myself . Love the neutral color that does n't scream `` baby ! '' . The bassinet was the most confusing , but if you read the directions and use a little bit of muscle or have someone help you , it should be fine . My daughter spent her first few months in the bassinet which we installed on the play yard . We never used the rocker/wheeled attachment for the bassinet though we loved to have the option . She seemed pretty uncomfortable in the bassinet - the pad in there is very thin and underneath it is that really hard cardboard material -LRB- can not think of the name right now ! -RRB- . We ended up having to elevate her for reflux anyway and bought the Sassy memory foam sleep positioner -LRB- LOVED it ! -RRB- and she was then perfectly happy to sleep in it.The vibrating feature is AWESOME . I never knew it would be that important , but the day we got it back from an airline journey and that part was cracked and not working , I was horrified . Thankfully , a few good thumps and it miraculously worked again!The light and music are also great pluses . The light is very dim so it 's not bright enough to bother baby , but enough for you to see what you need to.The ball , bear , and star toys are simple but they were my daughter 's favorites for a very long time ! She still plays with them and she 's almost 3 . This play yard is super durable . My almost 3 year old is 30 pounds and about 32 inches tall . She 's starting to outgrow it , so we 'll have to figure something else out for travel . She 's calm and never tries to climb out of it . She was always SUPER comfortable sleeping in the play yard especially after we bought a play yard mattress pad . That mattress pad came in handy many times for unexpected sick days or overflowing diapers ! This play yard does clean very easily thought with soap/water/washcloth . My reflux daughter let this have it and it does not smell or have any stains!One of the wheel locks cracked during a flight and I have n't been able to get the wheels to roll perfectly again , but really , after almost 3 solid years of travel and use , it has been worth every penny ! The bag has also held up fairly well - holes are forming at corners and there are a couple of tears , but it still holds everything!Put together , the play yard does NOT fit through normal doorways . Kind of a bummer if you want to move a sleeping baby from room to room so if that is important to your needs , it 's definitely something to consider .
 I purchased this drill about 1 year ago when they first came out . I was thinking with the litheon technology this tool would be a little lighter , but much more powerfull with 36 volts . I am a general contractor and have been using and abusing cordless drills for some time now . I sold my 18V Dewalt XRP 4 piece set for this drill -LRB- I hate cordless circular saws and sawsalls due to their incredibly short battery run time -RRB- . This drill is not that much more powerfull than the Dewalt , but it is much more refined . The Bosch has a VERY smooth feel while driving screws and the batteries last a long time . I have two slim batteries and one fat battery . Other than the slight upgrade in battery life and power , it 's not much better than the Dewalt XRP collection . You would think with a 36V rating , you 'd be getting a monster cordless drill , but I think 36V -LRB- even with litheon technology -RRB- is a waste of weight . 18V is the perfect power to weight ratio . The drill has not failed me , and I have in fact been hard on it , but wait until an 18V version of the Bosch comes out .
 Just received this today and have n't had a chance to break it in yet . I weighed it , and to the tenth of a pound , with the compact batteries , it weighs the same as the 18V version . It is slightly larger , as is the case . On point of confusion
 I have been using this drill for about a month now , and it is an awesome drill . Solidly built , it feels strong and tough just holding it . I am an electrician , so I abuse my powertools . I drill a lot of holes through 2x4 's , 4x4s and thicker and through metal , and it has yet to dissappoint me . I even use it in place of a hole hawg ! I used to have a Dewalt , and after using this bosch , I would never buy Dewalt again . The motor is quiet , the batteries last much longer , it 's light weight , the charger is fast , even the gauge on the battery that tells you how much power is left works great ... it 's just a very well built and designed tool . The only complaints I have , and they are minor , is that the case is a little bulky and leaves no room inside for bits and accessories ; the RPMs could be a little higher , but I have n't had aproblem with them.Overall , great tool , great warranty , and I only paid $ 230 for it on Amazon , who , as always , has great service .
 I 've been using Bosch Drills for drilling through metal in car doors for a long time . Whenever I have had a problem I overnight it to the Service center in Miami and receive a package back 2 days later . Sometimes they repair the damaged drill , often they simply replace it with a new one . After switching to the 36 volt almost 3 years ago I could never go back to the 18 volt . Like a hot knife thru soft butter . Incredible power and the batteries last 3-4 days each . I just bought a new 36 volt and will retire my existing one to back up status . Only problem I have had has been sometimes the keyless chuck locks up and I need to use a vice to open it back up . Aside from that this is a workhorse . Also , could not be happier with Bosch customer service . They understand I need this to stay in business and take care to get it back to me overnight -LRB- and have never charged me for return shipping or any repair , ever -RRB- .
 I 've had this Bosch rechargeable drill -LRB- with hammer feature -RRB- now for over a year . Usually after a bit of time using a tool I can think of several changes I 'd like to see implemented , but not this time . Simply stated , this is a virtually perfectly designed and executed tool . I purchased the kit that includes the charger and the two larger-capacity batteries , highly recommended . This drill is so powerful it can be dangerous ... the instructions make a point about always using the detachable side handle due to the high torque this baby can produce . For convenience , I sometimes ignore that advice but on it 's highest torque settings this tool could do a real number on your wrist.The keyless chuck works like a champ and even though this is a hefty tool it is well-balanced and a pleasure to use . Torque settings and selecting drill or `` hammer '' is easily accomplished by turning two large , well-marked , aluminum rings just behind the chuck . I 've had no problem using this tool dangling in a bosun 's chair 60 feet up the mast of my sailboat . The battery packs have a handy red `` test '' button that you can push which lights up a three-element LED display to show the state of charge of the Li-ion batteries . The reversing switch is well-sized and very conveniently located so you can easily reverse the direction of the drill while not repositioning your hand on the trigger grip . The handle , rear of the motor housing , and both ends of the battery packs are coated with a tough dark gray rubber material that is very easy to grip . Replacing a battery pack is literally `` a snap '' but as the drill seems to run forever on a single charge you wo n't be using the big red top-mounted battery release button very often during a job.Since owning this drill my trusted old corded Craftsman drill has seen no use -LRB- it 's now migrated to my eldest daughter 's garage -RRB- . If you purchase this tool you 'll love it but do carefully check prices online as they can vary by hundreds of dollars for precisely the same kit .
 BE CAREFUL ... THIS IS NOT A HAMMERDRILL ... HERE IS THE HAMMERDRILLBosch 18636-02 36-Volt Litheon Hammer DrillThe hammerdrill is 2 pounds heavier and longer.I am a professional carpenter -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Some of my work is featured inNew Treehouses of the World.I Love this drill . I use it all day every day.The drill has great balance and functions very smoothly.I am Very happy with the strength to weight ratio . I use the slim packs and never use the fat pack . I had great success with a 4 '' hole saw . I often drill with 1 `` x18 '' long ship augers into fir and cedar . Impact drivers have a much greater strength to weight ratio but the noise they produce drives me insane . I 've had freinds who rave on impact drivers for a few weeks and then they seem to return to this drill . Impact drivers are great if you are already deaf.The batteries are quick to charge and last a long time . I could screw down decking all day and the next battery will always be fresh before the one I 'm using is empty.I make my living with this drill and these screws -LSB- ... -RSB- The Provantage Warranty from bosch is incredible . Any time I have any trouble with the drill they will rush me a new one second day air and include a box with prepaid shipping to return the troubled drill.This is a very tough drill . I work it very hard . I professionally build treehouses . I drop it from great heights . I work it in rain and snow and jungle . Pretty good hammer on special occasions.I buy a new one every year on my birthday . I paid $ 400 when the drill first came out . I would pay $ 400 again but I feel like I stole the last 2 from Amazon for less than $ 200 . I have sold at least 4 friends and collegues on this drill and they are all very happy.I have outlasted Dewalt battery and tool.I have taken the same fall as a Milwaukee that broke in half.It 's a great drill .
 For starters , this drill is POWERFUL . On the site where i 've been working , there are dewalts , ridgids , and a makita , and this drill out torques all of them . Where others have been bogged down making holes , my Bosch powers through the wood . The battery is only 1.3 Amp-hours , but somehow i went the entire day with only having to change the battery once . The trigger is really smooth , so driving 3 '' screws without drilling pilot holes is really easy . The entire housing is really soft , so its easy to hold for hours and hours without hand fatigue , and putting the drill down on gravel or rough surfaces wont scratch it -LRB- something i saw happen to other drills with hard plastic exteriors -RRB- . The only real complaint is that the chuck is plastic , but its a very strong plastic and so far hasnt been a problem . At this price point , i think this drill is a great deal .
 It is larger than in the picture , and heavy , but it feels so sturdy it is a good thing for me . this drill can do everything a corded drill can , it has almost the same amount of power .
 The Bosch 36-Volt Litheon Drill/Driver is one great drill . Plenty of speed and torque from a lightweight battery set-up . My only complaint is that the slim pack litheon batteries have do not last as long as I would like . I think it is because they are running such a large drill . They are especially susceptible in cold temps -LRB- -5 Celsius and below -RRB- to shortened battery life . Go Bosch or go home ! My previous 14.4 V Bosch Drill/Driver is ten years old and still running great except for the batteries lost there full charge capability .
 I bought this drill from Amazon over a year ago . I 've used it to screw decks together , bore 4 '' holes through plywood , stir 40 lbs . of mortar in a 7 gallon bucket and a thousand other jobs . I 've knocked it off the top of a 10 ' ladder , spilled anything and everything on it and left it in 100 degree sun . This drill is so strong and has performed so well I relegated my corded HD Makita to backup . The lithion batteries run forever and recharge quickly . I can work continuously using only two batteries . The one-handed chuck is quite useful and has held up well despite being made of plastic . I recommend this drill for anyone looking to invest in a heavy duty cordless . To me , the cost has been worth the performance .
 Good headlamp for the price . A little difficult to snap together correctly - but for the price it works well .
 This was a stocking stuffer for my husband this year and it works great . very bright light and strap fits great . No more holding the flashlight for him as he works under sinks or in the dark !
 Bought this headlamp for Burning Man - solid product , worked well . The switch sticks a bit , but its probably just the dust . Nice and bright - good price for the brand .
 I 'm impressed with this little light . It lets you have both hands free to fix a flat or one of those unexpected repairs . I have dropped mine a couple of times and it still works . It 's hard to beat the quality headlamps that Petzl keeps putting out .
 During the months of fall when the days are short and I still want to get that run in after work my Tikka comes in handy . Not to mention that it 's far more reliable than any running partner out there . It also gets an impressive 120 hours of usable light from it 's batteries .
 I accidentally left mine outside during a rain storm and it still works as if it were new ! I 'm sold on the quality and will always use and recommend Petzl headlamps .
 This headlamp is a nice one in both design and price . It 's light weight , bright -LRB- unlike others I 've tried -RRB- , comfortable , and very nicely adjustable . I really like the new addition they have of being able to move the lamp up and down and tilt it in various positions . It 's durable and pretty water repellent . My only complaint is , like other reviewers , this one seems to have a bit of a problem with the switch - after a while , it tends to flicker some and that seems tied into the switch . Sometimes just turning it off and back on corrects the flickering but not always . I had their previous model of this headlamp and it did n't ever do that -LRB- and I had it for many years/much use -RRB- . Great product for all outdoor activities and at not too bad a price , but keep an eye out for possible flickering/switch problems .
 It is very bright and well-made , really comes in handy . I highly recommend this head lamp .
 Directly replaced the handle on a 20 year old Moen faucet in one of my bathrooms . . Replacement took about 3 minutes .
 This holesaw did not dissapoint it cuts fast through stucco and the wire mesh that holds it . It does not cut through wood well and that would of made it absolutely indispensable , but in the end my experience is carbide tipped holesaw for hard steel/sheet metal/wood , bi-metal holesaw for general use soft metals/wood and carbide grit for stucco/concrete/tile . I recommend it .
 Was a bit skeptical of the cheaper carbide hole saw but it 's built well and cut through the wall of a Vitrified Clay -LRB- VC -RRB- pipe . Maybe not as quick as the more expensive carbide hole saws , but use plenty of water and this will get the job done .
 Worked great for providing a new hole in cement shingles to add back door light on a rebuilt house that was hit by the flood . Homeowner was happy to have new lighting added to the side of there house .
 i bought a set of tekton wrenches not expecting much at all for their price point but hoped they would suffice for the occasional diy jobs around the home.well today i needed a 17mm wrench while removing my brake calipers because it was too tight to get at with a socket . the tetkton wrench was a 12 point so i was fearing rounding off the bolt with all the torque needed to break a 12 year old bolt loose , but i was pleased that the wrench fit the bolt well and performed admiribly . im very happy with my purchase and consider them a great value , life is full of surprises i guess
 When I bought my cordless set from Home Depot , I expected the batteries to last a reasonable amount of time before needing a recharge ... they did n't . This battery has twice the reserve power and like the Eveready commercial , keeps going and going and going !
 I have an older Ryobi drill that fits my hand well , so when the old batteries gave up , I decided to try to find replacements . I 've been using the new batteries for about nine months now . Initially , I did n't think much of the claim that these batteries are upgrades from the originals , but they definitely are ! Each charge lasts twice as long as the originals . I 'm not a professional , but I do a lot of DIY projects . As an example , I used the drill last summer to install about 150 SF of Trex-style decking with 3 inch screws . Between the two batteries , I could work all afternoon without recharging and had no problem drilling and sinking the screws all the way . Not bad for a 14.4 volt drill!UPDATE : I got a solid 3 years out of these `` gold '' batteries . They will no longer hold a charge but my 6 or 7 year old Ryobi drill and circular saw still work fine . And I 've used them pretty hard ! So , do I order another set of these batt 's for a couple of bargain tools that have lasted longer than I ever expected they would ?
 Battery is a very good value . It keeps more juice and fits perfectly in my Ryobi drill . Most of us are hesitant about an after market product . This is one you will not go wrong with . I 've used it for 3 months now , and I am pleased with its performance . Please , keep in mind I am not a contractor or a pro handy man . However , I am the ultimate honney-doer around -LRB- just ask my wife -RRB- ... LOL
 Seems to spin my drill faster and with more power than the original batteries . Have n't used the tools much since installing it , but I expect it to be a good product . Found a way to kick start my old batteries , so may not need another , now having three to swap between .
 I have had this battery for 6 weeks now , and have only needed to charge it one time since the intitial charge . I use my drill once or twice daily for short periods of time on various projects in my shop . The battery seems to be doing what it is supposed to do .
 I use this in a drill and work light . This has to provide at least 21/2 the lasting charge when compared to original brand name . Npo complaints here .
 I got got got what I paid for and it worked out-of-the-box at a price I could not locally beat !
 Bosch is a great tool maker , I have had my 36-volt tools for a long time and have not found any better.The reason I had to get another charger mine got zapped
 Purchased this indicator for use in industrial environment . I work for a contract company doing machine tool repair , accuracy is a must . Most indicators with this degree of of read only have .050 '' to .060 '' of total travel . With a throw of .500 '' this lends itself to many more and varied situations . I have no complaints and am well satisfied with my purchase .
 good quality , arrived on time , price was good -LCB- as cheap as other sellers , cheaper than some -RCB- , would like to see better photos with ads
 I got these for my sons room and they look very nice . I did have a bit of a problem getting them to stay on our textured walls , but that 's no fault of the product -LRB- as it clearly states to use on a smooth surface -RRB- . With a bit of fighting they work fine on textured walls .
 If putting up an outside clothesline , this would be the first wire I would get . The price is right and it is heavy duty .
 The company sent the product in a very timely manner . I was very pleased with them .
 This year , the shops did n't seem to get as much Christmas lighting in as usual , and at the beginning of December , no one had mini light net sets . The all had LED , which is more expensive and a bit too costly this year , since I had to replace quite a bit of old sets . These were the right size , neatly packaged , and arrived quickly .
 The product was what I wanted and was delivered within the promised time frame . The price was fair .
 I bought this hanging lamp for my Grandaughters room . It looks great and will serve her for many years to come . Very fancy for a little girls room !!
 Easy to assemble and really adds something to the room . May not be bright enough as the only light in a room , but a good additional lighting piece . Very cute !
 We put the chandelier in the baby nursery and everyone who enters first comment on how much they love the it ! It does add a beautiful flair to the room . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 Perfect for a small room . Very cute . Received many compliments . Only gave it a 4 because I wish it was a little bigger . Added a white medallion to the ceiling and it completed the look . We bought black nursery furniture and it looks great with the black chandelier . It is solid black , however , when you turn on the light there is a tiny hint of a red sparkle on some of the beads . Not very noticeable though and would still match any room . Almost like a hint of black ruby where the light touches it .
 This is a real cute chandelier . My only criticism is that I wished it was 4 lights as oppose to 3 or at least you should be able to use 40 watt bulbs as oppose to limiting to just 25 watt . My daughter 's room is 10 x 10 and the light is okay -LRB- just doing the job -RRB- but would be better if a tad lighter . In any event , the chandelier size is small and good for small space like over a bed where you do not want a big lighting fixture . It was an easy installation and to have the option of both hard wired as well as plug in gives versatility . I would definitely recommend .
 Beautiful chandelier . Petite and perfect for my little girl 's room . I would suggest this product to anyone .
 I needed something unusual but not overpowering . This chandelier was going at the end of a small foyer - hall area and it is absolutely perfect . The coloring is a nice touch too . This item comes in all clear glass , if the color is not to your taste . It is perfect because of its ' reduced size . It arrived in perfect condition too . Very , very good decision . Perfect for me , perfect for a gift too . Thank you Tadpoles and Amazon !!
 This is a cute light that works well . The installation instructions were not very thorough , but I was able to install it . we ended up using a bigger bolt than it came with.The only thing I wish was different was the lack of a switch to turn it off and on when using it as a lamp . You can only turn it off by unplugging .
 After searching high and low for a chandelier , this one looked really great in the photo 's . As it turned out , it also looks really great hanging in my dining room . I am very pleased with it and have had many compliments on it . It took a little while to get it all put together , but it was worth it in the end . I am just a little disappointed that it has to have special bulbs , but I can live with it as it is very beautiful .
 This is so cute , it 's hanging in my baby 's nursery.It seems well made and there were just issues with it out of the package.I was concerned because the picture is SO peachy , and so is the picture on the box . But it is actually pink with just a small hint on the peachy side , DH did n't even notice -LRB- but then , he is a dude ... -RRB- As another reviewer mentioned , one more bulb would make it perfect , it 's not super bright.Price is outstanding .
 Exactly what I was looking for to finish off my teenage daughters room . Although the chandlier is small I hung a small black decorative medallion with it to give it larger appearance . Highly recommend this if you are looking to put it in a smaller room .
 I bought this light to add a little spice to an otherwise drab closet space . I added a zebra area rug and a decorative , full length pewter-framed mirror , and now , my closet has become my favorite `` room '' in the house . This mini-chandelier is gorgeous and adds a super-feminine , romantic touch . I absolutely love it !!
 It 's adorable and totally looks like the pic ! It looks very cute in my 3 year old daughters room would recommend this to anyone and might get the pink one as well
 The light it adorable . It was not aas bright as I thought , but really cute . I have it hanging over my daughters desk .
 The chandelier is even prettier in person and this size is great for my daughters bedroom . This chandelier can be used either by hanging it from the ceiling and plugging it in and outlet -LRB- great for renters who are not able to change out the light fixtures -RRB- or you can have an electrician install it for you . Great product for the price . My 6 year old daughter feels like a Princess .
 Just opened ours last week and it is much prettier in person than it is on pictures . The metal part is very nice white , the lavender is very rich and pretty purple , and there is purple beading along the white metal . Very happy with it , it will look great in my newborn 's nursery !
 I bought this for my granddaughter who just turned six . She loves it and it is well worth the cost . Wish I was a little girl again .
 I thought this was perfect for our nursery . Its small yet gives off a lot of light . its cute and not too fancy but perfect for a child .
 I bought this for my baby daughter 's room and it is absolutely gorgeous . It makes the room and is plenty bright enough . We did have to wire it in as it comes with a plug to be plugged into an outlet . No big deal though . I would not even know that some of the beads are red had I not read it from someone else 's review and really payed attention . I love it !!!!!
 Perfectly elegant mini chandelier for baby 's room . Really changes the look of the room !
 beautiful mini chandelier , gives alot of light . It was such a great price most stores were charging $ 99 and up so i was glad to see you carried it for such a great price
 Its a little smaller than we would have liked it , but its very cute . Works well in a girl 's room .
 We bought this for our new baby 's nursery and I love it so much I might buy another for our older daughter 's room ! I was n't sure whether to go with the 3 or 4 bulb chandelier , but I 'm really happy with this one . I was worried it would be too small and/or not give off enough light , but the size is perfect and it gives off plenty of light -LRB- we actually replaced the 25 watt bulbs that came with it with 15 watt bulbs to soften the light a bit -RRB- . It 's a great purchase !
 This is so well made - very heavy and looks amazing , I am hanging it over my spa tub on a timer so when I get home in the evening it will be warmly awaiting me !
 Looks just perfect in my little princess 's room . It 's gives off plenty of light too . Quick and easy to order on Amazon .
 Exactly what I expected . A pair of them is super sexy in our modern boudoir . Replaced with much dimmer bulbs so they serve as two reading lights . They 're plastic and definitely a cheap feel if you get up close to them , but you 'd never notice from afar.As others have mentioned , there 's no switch on the cord , so it 's just on when you plug it in . I 'll probably hack a switch onto the cord since we 're not planning on mounting them .
 I purchased this chandelier for my 4 yr old twin daughters bedroom . It fits right in with their princess decor and emits just the right amount of light for their room . This item was exactly what we were looking for ; great price and excellent quality .
 I bought this because we needed a new light fixture for our store , which emphasizes purple accents . It was priced right and even though the crystal is just plastic and the base is pretty basic it does the job . The links are metal , instead of plastic as I was expecting , a nice surprise , but a bear to cut through if the chain needs to be shorten . The wiring was just basic wiring without a ground wire , a little bit of a disappoinment there . The chandelier has been hanging in our store lobby area for over a month and has been working without any problems . So , I give it a moderate thumbs up . To low grade for the formal areas of the home , but in a child 's room with princess accents it would be a pretty nice accessory for a few years .
 I ordered this mini-chandelier for my `` fru-fru '' powder room and could n't be happier ! I 'd looked at lots of black beaded chandeliers , most costing upwards of $ 200 , so I was skeptical when i found this one on Amazon . But since I was n't about to pay $ 200 , I decided to order the Tadpoles chandelier and I 'm really glad I did . I have to say one of the faceted pendants was unattached when it arrived , but I was able to fix it pretty easily . I had my electrician install the fixture permanently , rather than using the plug-in method . It 's precious and looks great in my red , black and silver powder room !
 I ordered two in black as bed side lights . They were just the right size . I had been warned by other reviews about the off/on switch , so went to the hardware store and purchased switches within minutes my lights were hanging and turned on and off . They are perfect for my bed side .
 I purchased this chandelier as a housewarning presant for a friend . When it arrived i wanted to see it before i wrapped it , and i 'm glad I did ! Part of the strings had broken and all the beads fell off that part . I had to reattatch them by hand , so she would have it in time for the party . The light itself was BEAUTIFUL , and the reciever loved it , but still I wish it was better made .
 We purchased two chandelier 's for our daughters playroom , they are great !!! Really cute , they provide alot of light and were a great value !! I would highly recommend for any girls room .
 This was a Christmas present for my 10 year old neice who is re-doing her bedroom . She only asked for `` cool stuff '' to decorate her room for Christmas . She loved it and it looks great in her room !
 We love to eat in our kitchen together -LRB- dad & I and our 3 young sons ages 5 to 10yrs -RRB- We have a very tropical romantic style of dinning In!We have lite palm trees & candles on during our nightly suppers and We got this tiny elegant chandelier to hang over our goregous table ... It even came with -LRB- 3 -RRB- 25 watt candlearbra style bulbs ... However I or we hate bright or harsh lights on during or meals ... . Sowe replaced the bulbs with -LRB- 3 -RRB- lower watt bulbs & WOW WHAT A SIMPLEELEGANCE THIS little light has made for us ! You cant believe how prettyor striking this little light is with lower wattage colored bulbs eitherwe tryed yellow/amber & green -LRB- xmas bulbs 5-7 watts -RRB- & lovedthe effect totally ... EATING HOME IS LIKE BEING IN A FAVORITE MAGICALRESTAURANT WITHOUT THE HIGH PRICES OR LEAVING A TIP!Plus this sells for $ 20.00 more else where PLUS S&H ... ; We are gonnabuy a 2nd one to use with the 25 Watt bulbs & Dimmer switchin one of our hallways off the kitchen so they will match!The box it came in shows that it also comes in pink or lavendar or white as well & YES it is a SWAG & can be hardware included attached directly onto the ceiling If U would want to have it installed that way !
 This is really beautiful and I am completely satisfied with this product . Took some time to get this up and stable , but it is worth the effort . Flexible and adjustable height with the chains . The ceiling plate looks very strong and sturdy , which is very important to me . This is pure white light courtesy the diamond . If you prefer a little tint , go for topaz -LSB- ... -RSB- same price.Extremely satisfied with this - perfect 5 star .
 It is absolutely adorable , petite & perfect for hanging in a corner . I got it for my teenegers room that 's decorated in a black n white shabby chic style . It gives a pop a glitter .
 This chandelier is adorable and looks great in my daughters room . The lighting is perfect ! The only thing is that it is VERY difficult to hang on your own . Took my husband and I 3 days to figure it out . You may want to call a professional for this one .
 This was a surprise gift for my four year old daughter . She said she did n't want a Disney Princess theme room anymore , she wanted a big girl room . So we ordered this light as one of the renovation items . My husband installed it , which he said was very simple ... all hardware that was required was included , minus the tools of course . Now , as I said this is for my four year old , it is cute , very cute for a child 's room . If you are looking for a chandelier for something fancy , do not buy this one . This is fit for a child 's room or playroom . It gives off great light and does actually sparkle . I love it and my daughter was so excited when she saw it hanging in her room . It 's a great buy at a great price .
 This chandelier is adorable . I purchased it in lavender topaz and put it in my master bath and fell in love . My husband also loves it . I restrained myself from giving a perfect 5-star rating , as the chain was way too short for proper swag installation . Husband had to make a trip to Home Depot where he found perfectly matched small white link chain . This chandelier is not just for the little princess , but we big princesses too ! I thought that the three 25 watt bulbs that come with it were too bright . I downgraded to three 4 watts and it 's just perfect . Play around with the lower watt bulbs to get the right ambiance for yourself . Definitely recommend .
 Adorable in my daugher 's room!THis light has lasted for over 2 years!We get lots of compliments!Great for a bedroom !
 I was so excited about this purchase . It was the perfect size . Very elegant and simply beautiful . I hope to purchase more . Thanks sosososos much !
 I read a few negative reviews about this chandelier but decided to go ahead and purchase it anyhow . I 'm glad I did . It is perfect in my 2 year daughter 's small bedroom ! Some reviewers commented that it is `` cheap '' looking . I do n't think so at all . It 's just right for a kid 's room . I did n't want some stuffy looking expensive light for her . Just a little something to add some interest and girliness . This did the job . Her room is very small , only about 10x9 and it lights it well . I think a larger room will require additional lighting . If you 're not looking to spend $ 300 + on a `` fancy '' chandelier this is a great option . Oh , and my husband hung this himself , directly wired on a wall switch and he had no problems -LRB- and he 's no electrician -RRB- . And as usual fast , efficient service from Amazon .
 I loved this chandelier we bought for our baby girls nursery . Its small and the perfect size . We paired it with a small white medallion from Lowe 's and get soo many compliments on it .
 When we were putting together my baby girl 's room we were searching for a finishing touch that would tie in the beautiful details . This chandelier definitely did that and more ! The lighting is not too bright and not too dim , just perfect . Great price but looks a lot more expensive .
 Gorgeous for your lil ones nursery or childs room . Really makes a statement and changes the room . Even nicer in person . Really shines .
 We really love the actual chandelier but it was missing a hanging bead . Any idea how we would go about getting one sent ? really do n't want to send the whole thing back , just would like the missing piece .
 We received the chandelier very quickly . The box frightened me a bit -LRB- looks cheap on the box -RRB- ; however , after opening it , we fell in love with it . We installed it from the ceiling tonight and although not difficult , it was a lengthy process -LRB- to be expected from 2 amateurs -RRB- . Now that it 's hanging , we love it even more . It makes our baby girl 's room so princess-like . We ca n't wait until she arrives ! A little warning
 This small chandelier can be hardwired or used as a mounted ceiling lamp . The product itself is very pretty to look at , a little on the small side but it is only 3 bulbs . It seems to give off quite a bit of heat for 3 - 25 Watt bulbs . All hardware for a basic ceiling mount or hard wired installation are provided . However , the instructions do n't provide details on what to do with the ground wire if not hard wired into the house . Packaging Lamp does give off a slight ruby tint from the beads . Overall it is pretty and I am happy with it .
 The picture does n't do them justice . I did away with the 1990 vanity light in my bath and went with 2 of these and one in the room for my toilet . I love them , and they are antiqued white so do not expect diamond white . Perfect touch . Puts off more light than the vanity bar .
 Exactly as shown and very quick shipping ! I bought this for my small &#34; water closet &#34; in the master bath and it looks great . Highly recommend . Make sure it is not too small for any area larger than a bathroom though . Perfect size for me !
 We got this for our 7 year old granddaughter . She loves it . The first time she saw it she said , &#34; I 'm speechless ! &#34;
 We just purchased this chandelier for our future daughter 's room , she 's arriving Feb 5 , 2013 and it is adorable ! It took my husband 1-1 .5 hours to install . He 's pretty handy so he figured it out pretty quick . I 'll post pics once we finish the room . The room is small and low ceilings so this small chandelier was a good size for it . If you have a big room with high ceiling , I would recommend a larger one . My husband did mention that he think it 's cheaply made but at the end , we both think it does look it from afar , cute and a really good price compared to others we 've seen at Pottery Barn and even IKEA . Great buy !
 This glitzy and glam pink chandelier really helped make our co-worker 's office perk up ! I added a dimmer to help set the mood and she loved it . A nice way to have a little classy upgrade to an office , kids room , etc. .
 I was looking for a small light for my teen daughters bedroom . Since her room is small , I had to have something dainty but with enough light to light the whole room . I was looking for something with some clear or crystal along with the black but had a hard time fining anything with more than one bulb . I found this and the price was great so I gave it a try and I 'm so glad I did . This light is very pretty . And it 's definitely fit for a diva . It has not been installed yet because it is a Christmas gift , so I will update soon once it is installed and I can give a better review .
 This was the perfect addition to my daughters ' room . Their ceilings are low and the small fixture is great . They love it .
 Purchased this item for my wedding . Quality is fine to use for a prop for party . Will have to spray paint it to match mercury glass , but happy with purchase for the price .
 Santa brought this for our 9 year old and she loves it . It is soo cute . There is not as much light for her room as before but it still provides enough for her to do what she needs . She loves it . .
 I bought this for my teenage daughters room when we rennovated it . It is the perfect size for a childs room and it is lovely ! The packaging was nice too - and it came intact , including the light bulbs ! Such a fun item !
 This was a piece for my daughters newly decorated room . I love it . It is a good size for a smaller room . We wired directly to the switch . I just wish it was a tiny bit larger .
 Just what we were looking for to add to my daughter 's newly decorated room . Price was great , shipping was super-fast and item is very cute . Only bad thing was that one of the dangles had broken off or come de-tached . I was able to fix this with some super glue and needle-nose pliers in about 15 minutes but it was a bit annoying . This is why I only gave 4 stars .
 Daughter is updating her rooms in zebra and hot pink ... this is the perfect finishing touch ! We love it !!!
 my husband and I bought this light fixture for our baby daughters room , its lime green with black furniture , and I thought this light would be perfect but when its on if you look up at it from certain angles , its actually a reddish-purple tinted which Im a little disappointed with but over all it looks gorgeous in my daughters room !
 I was intimidated by PEX pipe especially the $ 250 tool I thought was required to crimp it . These products work perfectly . I cut the pipe with PVC cutters , de-burred the end , and marked an inch from the end . They snapped right on and no leaks.I bought and used the de-burring tool . Probably not necessary but I was , as stated , intimidated .
 Simple little valve that fixed hot water frombackflowing into my cold water system . Ilove sharkbite fittings !
 Sharkbite Check valve works great . I was having hot water backflow into the cold water supply -- this fixed it right away . Took less than 5 minutes to install . Just need the right cutting tool for PEX ~ $ 20 . Mark off an inch on each side and push . Easy as 1-2-3 !
 Installed in minutes , works perfect for what I needed.Wish I used more shark bite stuff ...
 I used 3 of these to complete a water treatment project . Very useful for preventing cross-contamination within the project and a good bit cheaper than Home Depot .
 I was a bit tentative that something that fits 3 different kinds of pipes would work well . I Install this on the cold water inlet on my water heater to keep the recirculation loop from backfeeding into the cold through a shower valve . I had the water drained for some other work I was doing and saved this for last . I did have to look up how far the pipe pushes into the fittign -LRB- which is 1 '' -RRB- and then marked that , cut and de-burred the pipe and it pushed on with a little muscle.I turned the water back on it works like a charm . No leaks and fixed my backflowing issue . Alos like that you can easily remove it too . nice !
 standard swing type brass check valves are noisy and difficult to install . these ones are silent and easy to install . buy this style and enjoy a plumbing system that is not noisy .
 The product is as claimed . Very easy to use and no leaks . Though it is a little pricy , but worth it . I will buy from them if I have plumb works in the future .
 Needed this for vertical installation on home recirculating line . Installed in about a minute . Did n't leak and seems to be preventing back flow into recirc line . Overall good experience .
 Sorry , less one-star , as I have n't actually installed yet because I 'm intending to use for emergency sprinkler line valve failure combo . If you 've ever attempted to solder a line that is still leaking even a little water , you know what I mean ! Even pros will be cussing . Conversely , these Sharkbite products can be replaced in dry or wet conditions and pulled on/off multiple times with special $ 1.5 adapter . Most work with either copper , PEX or CPVC . Hence expensive in comparison to regular copper straight , T 's , or elbows but worth it for certain points of possible failure around the house . For NEW fresh-water installs though , suggest just straight copper fittings or PEX , as much cheaper . All Sharkbites connectors are cool and easy to use with PEX or copper , except for the copper-only 4-inch slip couplers , unless planning to re-release with vice-clamp and mule !
 HTC is alive and well and has just moved into a new office and factory in Fair Haven , MI
 HTC PM7000 Portamate Miter Saw & Power Tool Work Center is easy to setup and move . I purchased additional mounts and changing tools is fast and easy .
 this is a great stand for what i use it for . wish i had one years ago
 This is a very heavy duty mitre saw stand . If you are going to use this in one location for extended periods of time then I would highly recommend it . The beauty of this beast is the fact that you can buy additional clamps and mount whatever you want on it . I am building out my woodshop and needed a space saving alternative for various benchtop tools . This is a great solution to the problem . It also came with a vise and light which are surprisingly useful.I do n't know what the deal is when I order stuff from Amazon but shipping is always a problem . It came in its orignal box and it looked like UPS drug it behind the truck from the hub to my house . There is a plastic storage box in the front that was broken . Emailed HTC and they had a new one to me in 1 day ! No questions asked . Great service on their part.If you are looking for only a mitre saw stand and need to move it around a lot then this is going to be heavy duty but might be too heavy . If you are looking for versatile tool mounting station then this is what you are looking for . HTC makes some great stuff !
 I just received shipment of my PM7000 work center . The box was slightly banged up and as it turns out there was a nice dent on the top surface of the stand . I checked to see if the attachments / tool mounts still clamped tightly and they are good to go so I wo n't go through the hassle of returning the stand.My reason for buying this stand was for use with my sliding compound miter saw . I thought about building a nice work station for use in my garage but then realized that much of my miter saw use is inside the house doing various trim / moulding projects and a mobile unit might be more practical . Being in the military we move every few years and I find myself working on trim again and again and again . So mobile base it must be.Set up was straight forward and logical and required only a 1/2 inch wrench . Once together it seems pretty stable . You might have to tweak the positioning of the mounts to your saw or other power tool to make sure you maintain center of gravity . The light will be of good use for sure and I 'll have to see about the vise . Same goes for the wheel.All in all , I think it is still a bit pricey but useful . I wish I had one of these 3 houses ago .
 The product itself is very sturdy and well built . Even though it is aluminum , it weighs alot . The included vise has heavy duty screw adjustment . The only problem was that the two rear mounting holes for my miter saw are closer together -LRB- toward the center -RRB- than the front holes . All I had to do was mount the saw on a piece of pressed wood and drill 4 holes for mounting on the arms of the work center . The lag bolts were plenty long to allow for the saw and the wood base . Clamps that attach the arms to the Center are very sturdy and make for a solid attachment . The wheel assembly for portability needs some work . It tends to be a little cumbersome . Be ready for a long box on delivery -LRB- about 66 '' -RRB- , and heavy . All in all I am very pleased with the product .
 Excellent product . Good value , particularly because the worklight and vise accessories were included at no additional charge . Packing was not good because the end of one of the extensions was crushed during shipping . Customer service response was excellent , but the replacement part was also not packed well . However , the end result is that the device is well-designed and very functional .
 I purchased this Portamate stand over a year ago and could not be happier with it . I have replaced thoes floor standing roller stands with it and I use it with a variety of portable shop tools . To make mounting different tools easier , I had a 22 '' x 20 '' piece of 3/4 '' MDF left over from some project , so I mounted it to the machine mounts provided with the Portamate , that gave me a large enough table to set my Dewalt planer on . I also set my sliding coumpound miter saw and my scroll saw on this same table . Sometimes you just need a small work table at the right height and it is excellent for this too . When the table top becomes worn you just need to replace it . I used carriage bolts to attach it so no bolt heads are in the way when sliding different tools into place . The Portamate stand is very sturdy , the vise is convienent and the light is an excellent addition for direct lighting when setting depth of cut on the planer . It stores easily when folded up and easily rolls against a wall out of the way . If you are contemplating buying some type of work station , I would highly recommend the Portamate .
 If they would have made the carry handles at each end bigger it would be a 5 star + product.Overall well designed product .
 Its easy to set up and transport . only thing is I 'd like hand grips to release the lock buttons on the legs like my dewalt table saw stand . Other than that it 's sturdy and works great I 'd highly recommend it
 Ths is a great product and very versatile one for all sorts of bench top tools . Price is very reasonable . I also saved over $ 50 in shipping by selecting super saver shipping and received it in less than 48 hours ! . All others have praised it appropriately indiating that the design is very functional , has a lot of extras . However , they could do better with packaging , considering its weight . I do n't think anyone who has orderd it has ever received it without scratches , but that 's going to happen during the use as well , so I do n't think it matters a lot . Yes , I give it a five star , for price , functionality , design and a whole lot more
 I read many reviews before I purchased this particular model . Pretty much everything posted was accurate . The product is well built , versatile and overall fits my needs . I use this for mainly around the house and to help friends out with their carpentry needs . I am not a professional but I would think this unit would hold up well comparing it to other I have seen . Only two negatives I see already posted which I agree with.Pro 's - Excellent quality and versatilityCon 's - Black Plastic end caps on tool supports pop off easily - The light should have been more industrial type or LED
 Well serves my simple purpose
 The only thing that irritated me was that I did n't buy one of these years ago . This unit is very well made . Goes together easily in only a few minutes . Everything about it was very well thought out and user friendly . You will not be disappointed with this unit .
 Power center , light , vise , and tool mount make this rugged , portable tool center the icing on the cake for anyone with multiple bench tools . For me , this replaced an awkward miter saw stand that was n't convenient to use . Amazon 's special made it even more attractive .
 I needed a miter saw stand for my new Ridgid 12 '' compound miter saw . I have not got very much storage space , so I needed something that was transportable and I could store easily . I looked long and hard at a lot of other miter saw stands , however the Portmate 7000 was the only tool center . While a bit pricey , the Portmate had a number of key features I liked , especially the fact its ability to mount other bench tools , e.g. routers , planars , etcAmong the user-friendly features
 This thing is sweet . I do however wish it was easier to get replacement parts -LRB- extra mounts for new stuff -RRB- you can pretty well only find stuff online for this brand . But overall it is great , why do n't all the brands have power strips on them and come with work lights and a vice ? Too bad for the Dewalt at Home Depot , I 'm glad i went with the Portamate online .
 I received the PM7000 as a gift after researching and looking and I must say it is worth the wait . It came a little questionable as to how it may be but it was ok and so very easy to set up . I have only used it a few days and already I am glad I got it it is well built , sturdy , and the electrical outlet strip is great I plugged in the saw/light/vacumm to the strip and with it I can turn everthing on with the 1 switch located on the unit this is 1 great feature . I know I am going to enjoy using this unit in my retirement making items for family and friends . Thanks
 Though it arrived in a box that looked like it had been attacked by a really upset grizzly , the work center was in good shape . It is a solid unit that lives up to its ads . I am quite pleased with it overall . The only issue that prevented a 5 rating is that the handle on the end opposite the wheels must be removed so that the material support can be properly adjusted , a minor but irritating design malfunction . This is a great addition for those who must both move their tools around as well as conserve floor space .
 The item was shipped using DHL and arrived with both ends of the carton destroyed and not even attempted to be taped or repaired . The item itself was not damaged but there was a small package of screws , bolts , etc. missing and I have not received a reply from the manufacturer regarding a replacement . The bench is well worth the price and assembly was relatively easy . Just do n't use DHL to ship .
 Good Product for construction around the house . Needs a different wheel system for transporting even with no equipment attached . Woobles with just one wheel . Liked the attachment devices very durable . I have recommended to several friends .
 Of all the stands we have used and still use , our top cabinet makers prefer the New And Improved PM7000 total work station . When setting up for cabinet , door , window , trim installs this unit can stay put on any job site . It 's heavy enough for even the best oak trim jobs and other heavy long wood cutting . On any busy work site this stand is heavy enough that it will not tip over ! Designed to take any job site punishment !! The multiple tooling base pairs are also very affordable -LRB- we paid $ 20 for each extra set -RRB- and easy to mount on just about any heavy shop or field tool you have in your wood working arsenal!No other stand offers the type of versatility and stability that we have found . From the quick connects down to the triple roller support . Setting up our porta plane gets us fast safe boards every time . The lighting station helps in any low level light environment and can be fitted with L.E.D. bulbs for an even safer work area . The handy vise attachment has enough bulk to hold just about anything you need to clamp down.We fitted a universal duel wheel mount on the other end so sliding the stand into our cargo trailers made it very nice with a tri-wheel setup ; this was the only modification we made on the 4 PM7000 stands we own.If you 're looking for a rugged well built miter saw station this is one you wo n't go wrong with ! Keep in mind that others that know little or nothing about how to use these stands ca n't give an honest opinion , so ignore those reviews.One final note
 I recently purchased the DeWalt 718 sliding compound miter saw and needed a stand . My friend purchased the DeWalt saw stand for his saw , but I did not feel like the price reflected the value of the stand . I own several DeWalt tools and know their quality , but the saw stand left me wanting . If I needed to pay over $ 200 for a quality saw stand , it better have more than just someone 's logo on it justify the purchase . I researched what seemed like every stand made that I could find . I found the PM7000 . Granted this stand 's standard cost is usually more than the DeWalt stand , but this is more than twice the stand ! However , Amazon ran a great holiday sale in December 2006 and I was able to purchase this stand -LSB- cost + shipping = $ 177.00 -RSB- . This is almost $ 50 dollars cheaper than DeWalts stand , but twice the value and versatility!This stand had more features and is definitely more versatile than the DeWalt . From the general features , I would even give it 50/50 odds that Portamate makes the DeWalt stand -LSB- but that is just my own speculation -RSB- . However , if this is the case , they saved the best for themselves . This stands includes a large 8 '' dia . wheel for mobilization . This will allow you to move it to multiple locations at a project site easily if you desire . The PM7000 also has a built in power strip which is extrememly convenient . The PM7000 has 3 adjustable material supports with integral stops similar to the DeWalt 's -LSB- which only gives you 2 -RSB- but takes it a step further . The PM7000 supports have an integral roller to help adjust/move material . The PM7000 adjustable work light is very handy . It is mounted on the cam bracket with the 3rd material support and has it 's own switch and is flexible . I have found this to be invaluable when moving from different cuts or even locations.The stand has a built in compartment for small item storage . I have not used this yet . The other item that really got my attention was the vise . The pictures do not do justice to this feature . It is heavy duty , adjustable and made of top quality materials just like the entire stand . This stand was extremely easy to assemble . It comes close to fully assembled from the manufacturer . This stand lends itself to be more of portable workbench / station with all of the additional features and its versatility .
 Went to a half-dozen tool and big-box hardware stores and looked at all of the other stands . Ended up buying this locally for $ 219 + tax -LRB- did n't feel like taking a risk on delivery , since the last two heavy tool items I received from Amazon were both damaged in shipping . Thanks UPS ... not -RRB- . If you really just want a simple , light , short -LRB- more collapsible -RRB- basic no-frills stand for one or two power tools , look elsewhere and save a couple of bucks -LRB- or not -RRB- . If you want the Mack truck -LRB- `` work center '' aptly describes this beast -RRB- of racks , this is it . It is overbuilt . Yes , it is heavy -LRB- nearly twice most other racks -RRB- and long -LRB- the main beam is longer than most -RRB- , but it does oh so much more . The holders have rollers , you can mount 2-3 tools at a time , the vice attachment is sweet , the light attachement includes the third roller , extensions are solid , legs are very solid . Somehow was able to squeeze it into a Camry with the back seat folded down and the supports removed -LRB- just made it -RRB- . But moving it is more of a chore , since all of these added attachements take up a lot of space -LRB- compared to the basic racks -RRB- . The tri-wheel set-up mentioned earlier helps alot with mobility when collapsed -LRB- the website mentioned , discountsurplus , is down right now , but the seller is still selling the wheel sets on ebay for $ 30 delivered , currently listed as `` TracRac Wheel Bracket '' ... a bit pricey , but if you need it ... -RRB- . Again , if you have more space for storage than a basic stand , are n't hauling it up and down stairs every day -LRB- like simply leaving it set-up as part of your workshop , or to be set-up just a few times at a job -RRB- , and want a rock solid base , this is it .4.75 stars , only because it is so darned heavy compared to the others .
 I have now been able to use the work center for about 2 weeks and it is everything I hoped . It is exceptionally well designed and built . Other than being heavy , a result of being well built and designed for rugged use , I have zero complaints . I am just a DIY homeowner , but would recommend this unit to anyone.I am using the included mounts for a miter saw and am using the vise to hold my router table . I use the power strip to power the tools and also the shop vac .
 Overall the stand does what it supposed to do . Assembly was easy.A few issues I noticed :1 . The stops on the supports have some give to them , which is not good when you are trying to make repeat cuts on finish work . They are ok for rough framing , but I would n't trust them for any finished work -LRB- i.e. molding -RRB- 2 . Not very sturdy when folded up for storage . It would be nice to be able to prop it up against a wall and not have to worry about it falling over .3 . A cable tie or storage compartment for the power cord would be nice . I just wrap it around the stand when storing it .4 . Storage compartment is to small to be useful . -LRB- I keep extra mounting bolts in there with the end caps that fell out -RRB- 5 . Plastic endcaps on rails kept falling out . They are n't needed for anything other than looks , so I just left them off . They could be glued on .6 . Assembled unit is not light , but if you want a sturdy stand this is it.Side note
 I looked long and hard at the various miter work centers . The PM7000 appeared to be the best of the lot . I could not be happier with my purchase . Mine is in a more stationary use environment . I have purchased 2 additional PM7002 units to attach other work tools to the center .
 I started out looking for a sturdy mitre saw table and ended up with a versatile power tool stand that helped me gain needed space in my workshop . With the quick interchangeablilty of power tools , I was able to eliminated permanent stands and tables dedicated to individual power tools . I now stow table top grinders , scroll saws , sanders , etc. away then quickly and securely mount them on the PM7000 when needed . Changing tools takes about 20 seconds . This stand 's main claim to fame is its portability , but the real benefit of this stand is its ability to save valuable workspace . I highly reccommend this tool stand .
 I purchased the PM7000 to help me handle 10ft . moldings for a staircase I was finishing . It really delivered . There 's very little assembly required and it 's a very sturdy stand for a miter saw . I mounted a Makita 10in . dual compound sliding saw to it and it works great . The extending arms with rollers make handling long stock very easy and the light is a real help in a dimly lit garage . It folds up to a small size and can be stood on end for storage . I 'm sure it 'll last me a lifetime.You ca n't go wrong with this stand . I highly recommend it.Thomas DeClue
 I purchased this chop saw stand for my Bosch . It is a very stable and solid unit . It arrived with the top piece dented , I emailed the company and they sent out a replacement . Two weeks later I found that one of the welded on anchoring nuts was defective ; the company immediately replaced it no fuss no muss . This company makes a good product , and they clearly stand behind their product . I was truly impressed with how quickly and easily they delivered to make it good .
 Very , very smooth transaction . It arrived in a very timely fashion and was as described . Very pleased
 I had been trying to fabricate something for a long time to get better results and use from my miter saw . When I first come accross this stand , I knew I had a winner .
 The only negative is the sides do n't come out as far as other miter stands that are on the market . Really like the power strip , vise , and light . Great item would recommend .
 for your miter saw . Purchased this as part of kitchen renovation and it has earned its space since getting . Works great for supporting long boards and trim molding.Free light and clamp are a plus also .
 This is not really stout enough for daily construction site use . The sheet metal is a bit too thin and/or a bit to soft . I 've never used a Dewalt or other brand miter saw stand so can not judge how it stacks up against them.Pro :1 . Includes work glove box , light , & vise2 . On board power strip with on and off switch3 . Out rigger supports for long boards4 . Seems well designed5 . Very will packaged - almost survived UPS6 . Tool mounting brackets attach firmly enough to hold7 . Assembly was intuitive - did n't even look at the instructionsCon :1 . Was missing one hardware component - a retaining clip2 . Metal used for the leg supports and such is a bit soft - but it worksComments : The vise was missing a C-clip that holds the drive screw in place . It is the same size as the wheel C-clip so I slapped one on it before I realized I needed it for the wheels . So had to order one from Tech Support - still pending at this time.Not able to test the wheels at this time ... missing part discussed above.Glove box is small ... will hold screw drivers a few wrenches or a set of work cloves . Still it is a handy feature.Electric strip looks cheap - but it works . Expect the outlet covers to break off quickly . But they could last ... time will tell.One of the rollers vibrated apart in shipping . All the parts were still in the box and it went back together without any issues .
 I bought this stand to hold the new miter saw I got . I use this same stand at work & have been completley satisfied . I have used the vise more than I ever thought I would . The light is a nice attachment but , my favorite thing is all the extra plug ins . My shop is short on plug ins & this bench gives me more right where I need them . It 's very sturdy and easily portable . I cut 10 ' long boards which was no problem with the slide out ends to help support the wood . At work I roll it back & forth accross the parking lot & so far the wheels are holding up fine , this was one concern I had about the plastic wheels . I do n't know how well they will hold up in the long run without chipping or cracking ; it would depend on the surface your rolling it on .
 I have been using this work center for over a year and could not be happier . The stand is sturdy but easy to fold up an move if necessary . I bought several sets of base mounts and have used them to create a variety of bolt in place work surfaces . This kind of versatility is crucial in a small shop . I would buy this again .
 Works as expected , was easy to install , small and light and good price . The included bulb is garbage , I had to go and purchase a full spectrum bulb to get strong white light .
 This light is perfect for under my kitchen cabinets . The instructions were easy to follow , minimal labor to install and it works great . Just remember this is a fluorescent light and not a soft , yellow light .
 I purchased this fixture to replace the model GU9721 fluorescent light that i got at Lowes . The one from Lowes was a cheap piece of crap.Conversely , this one is sturdy , of quality , and appears to be built to last.There 's three types of fluorescent light bulbs :1 . Soft white -LRB- yellowish , dull -RRB- 2 . Bright white -LRB- not toooo bright , provides nice light -RRB- 3 . Daylight -LRB- very bright , for spaces that get little \ no natural light -RRB- Another nice feature is that the bulb that shipped with this fixture appears to be a Daylight bulb . It gives off a terrific amount of light . At 14 watts it lights up nearly my entire kitchen!Only negative are the instructions , which mention something about a ` diffuser ' that 's not found in the package or on the light . I easily worked around it . I would 've rated it five stars if not for this little problem.I recommend this light fixture .
 Best desk lamp I 've ever owned - that 's saying a lot for an accountant who sits at her desk all day . Lamp is really bright & well-balanced . It has a 2-setting switch , which allows the user to dim the light a bit - unlike the less expensive versions of this lamp . Also , although it is a bit hot due to its halogen bulb , it is n't hot enough to double as a space heater , as a few previous halogen desk lamps I 've used . The only thing that makes this lamp less than perfect is that I 've owned this lamp for over 2 years -LRB- consistent use of at least a few hours each day a a few more most nights -RRB- and the bulb finally died . Unfortunately , the screws that holds the glass cover over the bulb were already stripped . I 'm not sure how this is possible , as I 've never previously replaced the bulb . Anyhow , it 'll have to go in the trash now , making it a $ 75 lamp , which only lasted 2 years.I might get another one though , since I spend so much time at my desk .
 As a Halogen light the unit is unquestionably bright . That is one of the big positives of Halogen bulbs . What impressed me most was the counterbalance design of the device . The lever and gears that allow for the easy and smooth lowering and raising of the lamp is ingenious and I would love to know the history of the design of this piece.Pros : - Great Design ! - Very bright light like all Halogens . - Very clean white light . - No flicker . - Smooth movement of lamp arm . - Long lasting bulb . - Light device.Negatives : - Expensive replacement bulbs . - The bulb runs extremely hot -LRB- Halogen normal -RRB- . - No change in brightness . -LRB- No high or low setting -RRB- . Solid unit were the biggest plus is n't the function but rather the incredibly efficient design .
 This lamp came on time and in new condition . I bought it for my grandson for his 1st year at college . In reading the reviews before I bought it , I was so surprised at how many similar lamps got such bad reviews , even highly respected lamp makers . This one was a bit pricy , but it 's of high quality and my grandson does n't need to have problems with his desk lamp while studying .
 As a Halogen light the unit is unquestionably bright . That is one of the big positives of Halogen bulbs . What impressed me most was the counterbalance design of the device . The lever and gears that allow for the easy and smooth lowering and raising of the lamp is ingenious and I would love to know the history of the design of this piece.Pros : - Great Design ! - Very bright light like all Halogens . - Very clean white light . - No flicker . - Smooth movement of lamp arm . - Long lasting bulb . - Light device.Negatives : - Expensive replacement bulbs . - The bulb runs extremely hot -LRB- Halogen normal -RRB- . - No change in brightness . -LRB- No high or low setting -RRB- . Solid unit were the biggest plus is n't the function but rather the incredibly efficient design .
 This is my second Halotech II lamp -LRB- three if you count the one I ordered that arrived broken , apparently a factory defect -RRB- . I really like the halogen light and the counterweighted design that lets me easily adjust the lamp as I work without adjusting springs and tighteners .
 I was trying to match a halogen desk lamp I already owned and thought this one was it . It looks just like it , but it 's noticeably smaller , so I ca n't use both on sofa end tables . The lamp works fine and I 'm enjoying it and my other lamp in different rooms .
 The light is excellent.Sturdily made and has a nice weight so there is no tipping or wobbling.Mechanism for raising and lowering lamp works well and it holds the postion securely.Well worth the extra money compared to lower costs lamps in this category .
 This is THE best diverter -- primarily because it is the valve AND trim in one !! I will , however , caution you to know whether or not you will need an extension kit -LRB- sold separately -RRB- to ensure that it is a perfect fit against your wall .
 For those who hate velcro , this is a great option to carry the `` multi-tool/mag-lite '' combo . The addition of the pen loops is an added bonus . The clip is also really nice as you do n't feel like it 's going to break like similar tool-packs with plastic clips , and it 's easy to get onn and off your belt.Durable and cost effective , overall a solid product .
 There are 2 things I carry on my belt everyday on the job , My cell phone and this little pouch with a Gerber tool and my utility knife . I have only 2 small gripes , I wish that the back pad was a bit stiffer because my pouch has sagged a bit , and that there was a double layer at the bottom of the 2 tool holders because mine has now worn a hole in the bottom of both holders . With that said , It 's hard to compain when the item is only 5 bucks and mine has remained faithful for 2 years !!
 A nice product for keeping your most used small tools convenient and ready to use . I keep a small flashlight , small screwdriver , multi-tool , and small adjustable wrench in mine . The only knock is that after about a year the tip of the multi-tool wore through but I just stuffed some paper down in the pocket and no problem.I may try the Rear Guard to keep more tools handy .
 This lets me keep a knife , pencil , sharpie , flashlight , etc at my side while in the shop . I hate looking around to find where I just put something down , I do n't want to wear a nail belt all the time.This has a clip , so it can slide over a belt or pocket , rather than threading it through belt loops.It 's simple , inexpensive and well made .
 I 've been in construction for 34 years , self employed , until the economic collapse that is . I 've been a fan of bucket boss for years . I now work in a cheese factory and this is all I need for the few warehouse items I use . Really like it ! I had been threading nylon holders through my belt every morning , now I just clip this over my belt and go to work . Well priced too .
 The pockets are a little too narrow for many things but the gadget is very well made and durable . There are the two side loops that can be used for a screwdriver -LRB- guy on the site `` do they still make those ... ? '' -RRB- or pencil . with storage for a little bit larger stuff it would be perfect as it is its very useful . No problems with anything falling out.Has a nice metal clip that fits snugly even over a 4 '' belt so it does n't come off when you sit down .
 I work in a warehouse , and was carrying a box cutter in my back pocket . Eventually , I would end up with a hole it would fall through . Got this , clipped it on my pocket , no more holes . Very durable .
 I love simplicity because it usually works better . Simple design , but sturdy enough to last a long time . The clip on is quick and easy to put on for a small job .
 This is a very durable product . I find it to be a very indispensable item . would recommend this to anyone for sure .
 I work in an environment where having my box cutter , keys -LRB- which I kept using a carabiner -RRB- , and writing utensils at the ready is a necessity . This was my answer . It clipped on my belt and had room for all I needed . I LOVED IT and felt naked without it.It did wear out over time , but all products do eventually -LRB- faster/slower depending on who used it -RRB- . I 'd say this product lasted about a year for me being used almost every day multiple times a day , but for $ 8 that 's a bargain . The belt clip started losing it 's elasticity -LRB- ? -RRB- and I would lose the whole unit sometimes when I was in a sitting position . My pens and box cutter started creating holes in the bottom of the unit and I would lose my pens through there . BUT these are all the expected signs of wear and tear ; just when they did it was a sad day for I wished it lasted forever.This product was my answer to keeping things in my pocket and my co-workers wished they had one too . I loved it for the value vs. price .
 I bought this pouch for work . I work for Campus of 3 Hotels , and Tools are a must . Being on the move all day a Lightweight durable Tool pouch was needed . This product is just that . It holds multiple tools in both pouches perfectly . Great craftsmanship .
 Working at a home improvement store it is essential to be carrying a utility knife at all times . This holster does the job , I could properly hold my utility knife and have it in my disposal .
 The D-Ring picture frame fasteners are high quality . The order also came with a huge sample pack of assorted picture hangers and fasteners , which was a nice surprise . The order came quickly , too . I would definitely order again !
 Happy with my purchase . Especially , when box stores are packaging 2 rings together and selling for $ 2 . Rings appear to be well made and sturdy .
 These are the real deal . Generous supply and all brass . These are made well and will hold most anything under 30 lbs and I 'd even trust more to them . Follow the recommendation though . They threw in some other types of hangers too , and a huge bag of nice brass screws . Pre-drill the pilot hole for brass screws , they are soft and may break in hard woods .
 These are just fine anw will work good . 12 more words to go seven and dont forget the last word .
 This was kind of an odd-ball size and I could find it at my local big box stores . Cuts like a hot knife through butter . Would n't hesitate to order another .
 I did my homework before I bought the product . I compared several different models and decided to get this torch because it 's powerful at 450,000 BTUs , has a very convenient 32-foot hose that gives you great range , and comes complete with quality features such as a real handle and a built-in piezo-electric igniter -- all at a price below that of more-heavily promoted yet less powerful torches.Out of the box -LRB- or , more correctly , off the shrink-wrapped card -RRB- , it was a snap to unite handle , hose and tank using the supplied wrenches , although I took my time and made sure everything fit properly . After all , this is a powerful flame-producer and should be treated with considerable respect.With that in mind , I made sure I had a nearby garden hose charged before I began torching my crushed-rock parking area , which had overgrown with a mix of grass and weeds -LRB- both green and dry -RRB- . Per the included instructions , I was careful to open the valves slowly so as not to trip the emergency shut-off , and the starter button ignited the flame on the third spark . The valve on the handle made it easy to adjust the flame and I was clearing ground in no time . Fortunately , the growth I was burning was fairly low and the resulting flames were small and easy to control.As expected , the 32-foot hose made it easy to keep the torch well away from the propane tank . The value of this was underscored when I tried the torch 's `` Turbo Handle . '' One squeeze of the handle produced a roar like a fully loaded 747 leaving the runway . FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND angry BTUs shot from the end of my fire-stick and I swear I lifted off the ground a fraction of an inch.There was no need to consciously release the handle . My autonomic nervous system -LRB- and survival instinct -RRB- kicked in before I returned to Earth.I took a second to calm down . My wife 's applause soon died down ... although I noticed she then moved a little closer to the garden hose.I re-adjusted the control valve on the handle and squeezed the handle again . The roar returned but I was ready for it , and I played the bell of the torch over the groundcover and watched the stuff instantaneously incinerate all the way to bare gravel . I was careful not to let the jet of flame linger on the crushed rock -- for fear of converting it to magma -- and I cautiously avoided the path of the buried natural gas main that feeds my house from the road.Once I was seriously under way , the ease of clearing the weeds and grass was impressive -LRB- even though deep-green plantains and dandelions can muster a surprising level of resistance to open flame -RRB- . I quickly learned that a fast pass will remove dried material and a little hang time will knock down the green stuff . My torch was proving to be a valuable tool for managing relatively large expanses of ground.I wo n't use it for controlling the odd weed that appears in the driveway crack ; it 's just too powerful for that . But I 'm setting out this weekend for that big raised bed up by the mail box -- and I 'm taking my torch .
 I borrowed this from a buddy of mine to handle crabgrass and other weeds in my weed-prone Florida Centipede lawn . I had had enough of pulling weeds and chemicals that do n't work . Enough was enough . I decided it was high time to get some payback on weeds that were causing me to waste my personal time and this item is precisely what the doctor ordered.I connected the hose to the standard household tank and fired up the ignition . You have to meter the gas slowly to get it to light , as too much gas will blow out the flame initially . Once lit I soon found out that handling weeds by causing catastrophic destruction on a molecular level made for some quality family time . The wife and kids both enjoyed watching me take the lawn to task in the lazy summer evenings , the gentle blue hue of the gas burning from the business end of the torch . Cautious optimism on an improved lawn increased to positive jubilation as I opened the valve and the resulting gas flow erupted like an F-35 pissing off the people of Valparaiso , Florida . Crab grass popped and burned and I danced with glee at the instant return on my investment . 300 bucks in chemicals or 54 dollars -LRB- not counting propane -RRB- in some hand-held flame throwing . I 'm buying this baby!If you have any notion of treating your lawn for weeds with chemicals , do n't . All you need is a chemical reaction of propane and an ignition source to enjoy true lawn bliss . After the scorch marks are gone and the grass improves , you 'll thank me for this review and yourself for buying this torch . My only regret now is that I did n't buy two , one for each hand , so I can really dispense flaming death in a double-barrel double dose of flame-fuelled love and tenderness to the weeds that plague my lawn .
 I do alot of charcoal smoking and needed something to light it off quickly and easily . I also liked the idea of a torch for weed removal and melting snow in the winter . This is a very powerful torch and I love it . When you hit the boost it sounds like a jet engine starting up and throws a heck of a flame . Even though it is so powerful it is still very easy to control the output with the dial . - John and Angie Smith -LRB- Maugansville , MD -RRB-
 most people it seems bought this to burn weeds and other unwanted foilege , but i bought it because i wanted to be able to fire roast green chili 's and it works great , you can set it for a fairly small flame or adjust the control knob for a larger flame and if needed squeeze the lever for a flame that reaches about three feet in length . with it 's remote ignition button and ability to fine tune your desired flow rate right on the wand and generous length of hose it was exactly what i was looking for . very easy to use , just remember to open the valve from the fuel supply slowly . i had to do it twice . when your ready to fire it up be aware of where the nozzle is pointing . i have had this torch for 2 months now and am very happy with it , it works flawlessly and is much less expensive than comparably equipped torches . i would unhesitantly recommend this torch to anyone for what it was intended to do -LRB- brush & weeds -RRB- or fire roasting green chili 's as i have .
 In 22 degree weather , I was able to melt 2 inches of solid ice and have the cement steaming in front of me within a minute . yeah my wife complained it was loud , but it does what I need . I bought it to be able to get ride of occasional ice build up so I can manage our snow better . And it worked perfectly ... I did get aggressive with my second attempt and turned up the propane tank full bore ... . Nada just a light red flame ... Bringing the tank nearly fully closed produced the jet road blue flame I was seeking . So just keep the tank open a hair and your get your best results too much propane and you loose all the power .
 Weed torch is great for some of Az toughest weeds . They have stems like trees and are sometimes hard to kill with weed killer
 This is a really great tool . It burns hot , but is easy to regulate . It is of good quality construction and pretty rugged . I used it to burn dead weeds and grass . It will also incinerate green weeds if you leave it on them for a few seconds . Finally , the long orange hose eliminates the need to buy a dolly to transport the fuel tank . Be careful using the trigger mechanism -LRB- not necessary to use it -RRB- . It causes the torch to go into after-burner mode , something like a rocket launch .
 Congratulations on your interest in this innovative and unusual product ! Here 's some things to know : This thing really works ! It 's powerful . Turn the knob just a little , push the igniter , and you have fire . Then pull the handle and you have a small rocket . It looks and sounds like a jet taking off . Your neighbors will be interested , and maybe freaked out by you , because you look like a madman with this `` Terminator 2 '' - worthy contraption . Also , it 's important to only open the gas adjustment knob very little , because if you open it too much , the volume and velocity of the propane will blow its own flame out , and you 'll just waste your gas . Dead leaves and dry mulch burst into flames on contact , but even powerful torches like this take ten seconds or so to kill each weed . Multiply that times the number of weeds you intend to kill to evaluate whether this is practical for your application . This is great for driveway joints and patio/walkway joints and the like . NOT practical for large areas of heavy weedy growth . Danger
 So far I 've used the torch for about 5-6 hours on two days . I have a large garden , and I want to avoid chemical herbicides so this is a great solution . It arrived in perfect working order in just a few days . The hose is really 32 feet so I do n't have to move the tank very often . I just put the tank on a dolly and pulled it into the garden . The piezzo works fine , but you do have to play with the settings a bit to get the feel . Believe everyone here who says it sounds like a jet engine.My thanks to all who wrote reviews here . You helped me decide on this product and helped me learn to use it . Because of your reviews I did n't trigger the overflow cutoff , and I was n't too surprised by the ` jet roar ' . Your help is very much appreciated .
 I never leave reviews but I was very impressed with this unit . I am a bargain shopper and for the price this is a great tool . I used it to kill the weeds and grass along my fence line . I am a beekeeper with about 40 beehives . I do not & can not use chemicals around the bees . This is perfect and looks good too . However I did have a water hose close by because this puts out some serious heat . I would not of been happy if it did n't . The hose is really long and I like that I can leave the tank pretty far away and keep moving down the fence line . I can see a lot of uses for this unit example starting a bush fire , melting ice off of steps , etc. . Uses a 20lb propane tank like you use for your grill . No regulator needed . It was a good buy , and I am very happy with my purchase .
 Nice lamp . Has litle brass coloring on the iron design , but works for us . Shipping was as advertised and surprised that lamp also came with the shade .
 This Bucket Boss tool pouch is well made and should last a long time . This tool pouch has a good design that enables you to carry quite a few small tools without being bulky . The only thing that I did n't care for was the snap for the belt loop . When working in tight spots , it is possible to un-snap the tool pouch allowing the pouch to fall from your belt . This is still a handy tool pouch to use for small projects .
 This Rear Guard from Bucket Boss is awsome !! I am a Direct Tv installer and use the rear guard every day at work . It is just big enough for for the few tools I need to do my job . I have used it for a little over a year now and it is just starting to wear down . I was so happy with it I just bought a new one . Bucket Boss did a fine job when they crafted this item . I really recomend this item .
 I have owned several of these over the years and all have held up very well and they are quite durable . . even when stuffed with tools as I do for small jobs . Use one for electrical repair work and another for holding electronics repair stuff , works out great . I would recommend this product .
 There 's many great features to this pouch . The snap makes it handy to take on and off . The padded insert keeps the tools from poking you in the rear -LRB- Especially handy if you happen to fall -RRB- . I keep my electrical tools in it & have saved myself several trips up & down the ladder . . The only drawback is that the padded insert , while keeping the rig from sliding around , also fills your back pocket . . Not a problem as long as you do n't keep your wallet or rag in that pocket . .
 I got this as a gift for my husband and I was surprised to find what a great product it was for the price . Durability is important to myself and to my husband and this one will last a long time . For the money , you could n't do better .
 I do lots of low voltage wiring . It 's great to just stick it in your rear pocket which makes it very handy . I only wish they 'd make the same item with more storage pockets . Instead I had to buy 2 .
 Im a service electrician , so i do small jobs all day long and in between im in the truck driving to the next job , so i put tools on , put tools away all day long . I got tired of putting holes in my back pockets by carring screw drivers ect . . my regular tool pouch is big and hangs on my belt so it was too much of a pain to undo my belt when i arrive and then again when i leave . This baby solved that problem . I ended up using it in my front pocket , more comfortable and excessable . It did wear out in 8 mo. 's so im ordering a new one . if they beefed up the bottom of pouch so screwdrivers would n't eventually pop through i 'd give it 5 stars .
 I enjoyed this product so much I bought two . It will hold enough tools to do most any qucik job around the house , as is less cumbersome than a full tool pouch . I was surprised at just how much I could get in one . I even put in my small electric screwdriver . While building my home , this pouch was indespensible . It was great for holding tools to install ceiling fans , and plumbing .
 Great tool carrier . I put it on when I start work and leave it on all day . So comfortable I forget to take it off . Not bulky or heavy . Keeps hand tools handy without putting on another tool belt.A lot of pockets for such a small thing .
 I use my gaurd everyday in a lumber yard . I carry a tin snips , marker , pens , knife etc. . . and this little thing works wonders . However , since I am jumpin in and out of forklifts all day I cant use it with my back pockets and the handle to the snips poke me in the stomach if I put it in the front pocket so I wear it on my side . When I do this and the pouch gets snagged a little bit on something it tears away off my belt due to the snap belt enclosure or the weight of my tools itself will do the same . Somebody said they wished it had a clip but I have used that system on the knife sheath and it has its problems . So I would say they need a slide through beld system like on their leather goods .
 I install and service security alarms . This is the second one I have had . The first one I used for 4 years and was passed on to a new technician . This is the perfect size for the tools I use regularly . I am in and out of the truck and it is quick to grab and go.This does not have a stainless steel clip as the description states . It does have a rigid section that is made to slip into a back pocket and a loop to snap orounnd a belt .
 I really liked this product because it holds what I need most of the time -LRB- I install cable TV cable and devices -RRB- . Goes on and off your belt in a snap . Could have been made with leather or something a bit tuffer . I put a hole in mine rather quickly with my screwdriver , but I still like it .
 Great tool carrier , I always have it on at work . Keeps my utility knife , pencil , and leatherman tool handy . Its not too big but carries a lot of my tools . Small and light enough to be worn all day , sometimes I forget its there .
 It 's a great item for my mechanic husband , it saves his pants pockets from getting holes in them from his wrenches & screwdrivers . It took him a couple of days to get used to it , but now wears it every day at work . UPDATE
 The product is well designed with ample space for several small tools . Gardening is my hobby and this product has been a fantastic assistant . I have successfully held my Hori-Hori -LRB- an exceptional weed digging tool -RRB- in the deepest pocket , garden pruners and utility knife in the middle pocket , cell phone , leatherman tool and pencil in the front pockets and garden wire on the hanging metal clip . It is extremely versatile with the ability to be attached with the belt clip or slipped into your back pocket . However slipping it in your back pocket restricts usage of the back pouch pocket to the thinnest of tools . Overall I have found this product to meet or exceed my expectations . One caveat is that the durability of this product is in question and is suited for the weekend warrior only . Masons , carpenters and other professionals that require their tools to tolerate severe conditions would be best served by spending the additional money and upgrade to a high quality leather tool belt that will last a lifetime . The bottom line is you get what you pay for ...
 For those of us who pretend to know what we 're doing , this tool pouch is great for carrying around the essentials . I keep it `` stocked '' with a screwdriver , pencil , measuring tape , utility knife and pliers , and it keeps them very handy . The snap is solid , and there is no worries about this thing falling off or apart . The little strap and clip on the front even make a handy loop to keep a claw hammer . -LRB- Probably not a good idea , but I did say I was pretending to know stuff . -RRB-
 This item was exactly what the description promised it would be . Might have been better if the flashlight pocket were larger , but , all in all , it is what I wanted .
 I do n't wear a full tool belt at work , but there are times when the gerber multitool on my belt and the utility knife in my pocket are n't enough . Maybe I 'm working on a ladder , putting hogstrough up over a set , fitting some pipe through it , doing who knows what ? This little guy is perfect for the job . I can put a wrench , a couple screwdrivers , some snips , and a sharpie in it and snap it onto my regular belt . Then I can stay at the top of the ladder without trying to balance my stuff on the top . When I 'm done that particular job , I can take the pouch off , put those few tools where they belong in my tool bag , and put the pouch in there too . Maybe the next job I need wire strippers and a pipe cutter . Put them in the pouch , and up I go . I do n't have to make room for a big work belt . This , combined with a tape measure and a drill holster -LRB- both clipped independently to my belt -RRB- , and I 'm pretty much ready to go . Everything else I can leave in my tool bag , generally speaking . I know some people need to keep a full complement of tools on their person , but if it seems like overkill for you , try this one out . It also has a solid flap on the back that can go in your pocket , if the belt clip does n't work for you .
 This pouch holds just enough tools , though the older model was made of sturdier material . I order two at a time because they do wear out in daily use . 5 of 9 electricians on my job use them . Some put it in their front pocket , some on a utility belt ; some tuck it into the center of the back of their jeans.Other pouches I 've owned were too big or too small . Some were bulky and leather and did n't wear out much , except at the joints . This one is reasonably priced and adequately sized .
 This really works well . I just slide it in my back pocket , slip the belt loop behind my belt bring it over the top and snap it . I was glad to find I could use this without removing my wallet . It sure beats using just your back pocket . You can organize your tools in this pouch which saves the time your spending now fishing around in your back pocket . Sometimes this is all I need depending on what work I 'm doing . It does n't replace your regular tool belt but it makes a great addition .
 The Bucket boss rear guard is great . I bought it mainly for electrical work but I have been using it for everything . the main pocket is just big enough that I can fit my 10.8 v makita impact in it . I love it when I am running wires in an attic . You ca n't go wrong for less than $ 10
 I needed a small tool carrier and this really works great . Easy to put on your belt and holds a small flashlight , a multi-tool , a small screwdriver , a 6 inch adjustable wrench , and a small pair of channel locks.Not too heavy on your side either .
 This is the second of these tool belts my husband has owned , and he is very happy with it . It lasts forever , and is the perfect size for the tools he needs to carry with him at work .
 My son is an electrical apprentice and bought this to carry the tools he uses most often . He says it 's great and makes it much easier to find the things he needs quickly . He loves the snap so that he can take it off his belt without removing his belt . He also says that it 's very durable .
 This little pouch is great , i put all my tools that i use for my trade.pliers , screwdrivers , knife and pens fit nicely . Great buy and great price
 THIS POCKET SAVER CAN TAKE A BEATING.WHEN I FIRST PURCHASE THIS REAR GUARD I ALSO PURCHSE A SPARE ONE THINKING IT WOULD NOT HOLD UP.AM STILL WAITHING.ITS BEEN NINE YEARS AND I USE IT EVERY DAY FOR WORK . .
 this is a very durable long lasting product , originally my coworker bought these on vacation years ago , but i now see that they are avaible here.we are commercial/industrial electricians and this product has seen many hours in the field being scooted along infront of a person on hands and knees , being dropped off a ladder , many different things including havingoil spilled in accidentially.anyway after about 5-6years his is starting to wear out and only because he didnt listen and kept a fixed blade razor knife in it . beat to hell and only needs to be replaced because of one hole from a razor.mine is newer and still beautiful condition .
 I am a professional electrician and have owned several of these . They are the handiest tool pouches and are priced right . The construction is a little on the weak side . The seems blew out of most of them and the snap broke off one of them after 2 days of use.Overall it is a good product but you may want to purchase two and have one on hand for later . If you usually stuff tools in your back pocket this is for you .
 Received as a Christmas gift . Absolute best feature is that , with the snap , you do n't have to take your belt off to put it on . Next best features are quality of fabric , construction , and the back pocket insert keeps it from wandering . Used as a holder for just a few tools on a quick job , it 's perfect . Anything bigger needs a tool belt or box/bucket anyway .
 Typical BucketBoss quality construction and holds all the tools you need to handle most around-the-house jobs . My only complaint is that the belt loop is a little too short to fit securely over my tool belt . I use a 2 '' Bianchi padded pistol belt as a tool belt and the Rear Guard 's snap barely closes over it . It has n't happened yet , but I can pretty much guarantee that someday I 'm going to twist the wrong way , and that snap is gon na pop open , sending the Rear Guard and the tools it holds crashing to the ground . Otherwise , I think it 's a terrific product .
 Excellent product , well made with plenty of storage space BUT there is no stainless steel belt clip
 As a homeowner and part-time handyman , this is the perfect little storage pouch . I keep a roll of blue tape , electrician 's tape , or teflon tape depending on the job , a pencil , a tape measure , a sheetrock knife , and sometimes a 7 inch square tucked into the big pouch -LRB- it sticks out a lot but it does fit in there -RRB- and I hang it at my hip , off of my belt . It 's easy to take on and take off and it is good for small jobs . Keeps everything handy and at your fingertips . The material is very sturdy stuff , too . I am sure I will own this for a while . The only thing I can forsee breaking or wearing out is the clip that holds the tape as this gets some use . When I am not using it , I keep it snapped onto the handle of my 5 gallon tool pail so it is always ready to go with my most essential tools at my fingertips .
 I really like this . I carry a box cutter , pen , flashlight , pda and small supplies in it . The only thing I would change is to allow the inside pocket to expand some without affecting the large outside pocket -LRB- directly behind the small sleeves -RRB- . When I use that pocket it reduces the usable space in the outside pocket . That is the only reason it did not get a 5 .
 I carry one of these in my back pocket at work . They last about six months carrying an 11-in-1 screwdriver , utility knife , small vice grips , small adjustable wrench , miniature screwdriver and roll of electrical tape before the smaller tools begin to wear holes in the fabric . I 've purchased a few over the past few years , and most of my coworkers have followed suit . When my newest one begins to wear out , I intend to buy another.The only real downsides are that you have to remove it to sit -LRB- of course -RRB- , and running up stairs tends to bounce things around quite a bit .
 I work in a retail warehouse and have to carry quite alot around to do my job efficiently . I am able to carry my work phone , a box cutter , sharpie , pen , and a notebook and I still have room to carry a few extra tidbits as I need on a daily basis . Plus I carry a set of keys . This keeps everything comfortably out of my way whilst I work which is mainly walking and moving around . I also have to carry a big kenwood radio but thankfully that has a clip and goes on the other side . . Great durable product and now everyone in my store wants one . .
 I have bought 2 of these in the past . I install cable tv , phone and security for a living , this pouch fits all the tools I need for my job . The only problem I have is that after 8 months the tools start to wear holes in the material around the bottom green stitching . Tools fall into these holes and become a pain to get out . This is the 2nd one I have had this happen to , you can sew it back together to get a couple more months out of the bag , but I am now on here looking to try and find another more durable pouch . If only it was more durable at the bottom I would have given it 5 stars . Holds my crimpers , prep tool , screwdrivers , diagonal cutters , needle nose pliers , can wrench , 7/16 wrench , electricians tape and adjustable pliers .
 I use this at home for various repairs . It 's a handy item for working on a ladder or anywhere else where it 's inconvenient to carry a toolbox . I loaded -LRB- maybe overloaded -RRB- mine with a pencil , a 10 '' Irwin groove-joint pliers -LRB- which just fits in one of the front pockets -RRB- , a 6-in-1 screwdriver , a utility knife -LRB- these are in the front 3 pockets , with the utility knife and pencil sharing a pocket -RRB- , long-nose pliers , regular pliers -LRB- these share the `` back pocket '' , which is the part that actually goes into your jeans pocket -RRB- , and decent wire clippers -LRB- in the middle pocket area -RRB- . Why 4 stars rather than 5 ? Well , the middle pocket is the full width of the item , and it flops open a lot -- sure , that 's because I 've overloaded mine , but even so . Is the middle pocket designed to hold parts ? Some might do so , but it seems odd to have a parts bin on your rear where you ca n't see . I think it would have been a good idea to put a firm snap button in the middle of the middle pocket -- people who wanted to hold parts or needed a really wide space could leave it open and others could snap it to create compartments for additional tools . It just seems a $ .05 part could make it a lot more useful , so I did not want to give all 5 stars.I have not worn mine out , but I feel confident that I will get $ 10 of use out of it before it does
 I bought this tool pouch last month Jan 2011 . I am a tech . Working for a large fire alarm company in Ma . I use my pouch everyday . It fits everything I need for my job . I tried finding one at homedepot and lowes . They didnt have the one i was looking for . Thanks amazon . Any questions about the pouch call me at 781-290-7348 .
 I work in telecommunications and use my Bucket Boss Rear Guard almost every day . I 'm able to store a set of diagonal cutters , needle nose pliers , flush cuts , wire strippers , phillips and flat screwdrivers , punch-down tool , and probably a few more odds and ends . It 's very roomy.I do n't wear it my back pocket -LRB- as I think was intended -RRB- , but keep it on the front of my right leg , snapped to my belt . It 's replaced a `` full-sized '' lineman 's belt -LRB- which I * never * used unless absolutely necessary -RRB- . I love this thing -LRB- and I 've given several as gifts -RRB- , but I 'm on my second Rear Guard for a simple reason
 I 'm using this belt for holding telephone and network tools on a day to day basis . It has n't given me any problems so far , the snap tab for the loop on th belt is holding with my tools . For around $ 10 i 'm super happy with what I got . The only issue I could see is if this snap button came loose but so far so good . The people complaining about the bottom coming out of a $ 10-15 toolbag are idiotic . For the price you 're paying try spending three to four times for a leather kit that will last for your expectations .
 The VForce Profiler is an AWESOME mask !!! I have owned three of them to date and every one of them works perfectly . You have a nice large field of vision , they are very comfortable and I have had no problem with fogging . Why have I owned three you ask ? Well , I owned three of different colors . I started with a Grey , then yellow and then I bought a blue . My team colors changed and I like my mask matching our jerseys . I use the Grey most of the time because it goes with everything but the blue and yellow were our team colors at the time . I say that if you are in the market for a paintball mask ... buy the VForce Profiler .
 This mask is amazing . Lately V-force has been coming out with new masks and this is their best . These goggles are comfortable , light , and NEVER fog up . Those are 3 things you want . Overall this is an incredible mask and i would definitely recommend it to anyone .
 This mask is just perfect . No fog , great vision , good protection , also balls bounce off a lot ... For me it also looks really good.You can take off the lenses in no time -LRB- even though first few tries are a bit rough on your fingers and finger nails -RRB- , putting the lens back on is a bit more troublesome . Apart from that it 's perfect .
 This has to be the best mask I 've ever had ; it 's comfortable , airy , does n't fog , offers excellent protection , and just plain looks awesome . I would recommend this mask for anyone willing to spend the money .
 Bucket Boss Worksite Eyewear Pouch is the size I need to keep my safety glasses accessible and usable.I purchased two of them , one for home and another for the safety glasses I keep at our cabin inmyDEWALT D6100 Heavy Duty Ballistic Nylon Tool Bagwith all my other tools.The pouch/case has a velcro closure and a good size clip you can attach to your work belt or tool bag.As stated in the description it certainly has enough space for storing small extras like a spare key , work list , driver 's license , credit card or a couple of band-aids should you need to do that.I keep an eyeglass cleaning cloth in both of my pouches.The Bucket Boss Pouches work fine for me . ~ The Boss
 I have to go on construction site for work and of course I have to wear safety gear . I am inside dark buildings and outside in the bright Texas sun so have indoor and outdoor safety glasses . This little pouch keeps my safety glasses in one place and safe so they do n't get scratched up . I do n't know about you but scratched lenses drive me nuts to see through . It clips easily and securely onto my gear bag so they are easy to access and carry . It is a bit big , but very functional .
 It looked a little big when I pulled it out of the shipping box but it fits my safety glasses perfectly and I use the belt clip to attach the case to my tool bag where I used to keep a tape measure . I like having safety glasses with me and not having them all scratched up is even better . The case has really grown on me over the last few weeks that I have used it . The case is soft , convenient and opens quickly . It was a good investment .
 - These are great to clip on your sunvisor to keep your ` fit over ' type plastic sunglasses handy and safe from scratches . - Also great for shooting glasses . Keeps them safe in your ` go to the range ' bag .
 My husband got this for something safer for his safety glasses . He likes that it fits on his tool belt . Not the most attractive thing , but it does what it needs to do .
 I bot this for my glasses but have found a other uses for it such as keeping my power adapter and mouse for my netbook PC in it whilst traveling . It works great as a camera case too and has room for batteries and accessories . It is padded , has a Velcro closure and good strong belt clip . Almost as much capacity as a little fanny pack -LRB- but I 'd never wear one of them fanny packs -RRB- .
 The item arrived promptly . This light strip was a cinch to install above the sink . For its small size , it puts out a lot of light . I use it all the time . I did n't want to deal with replacing batteries all the time , so went with this corded version . Happy with purchase .
 These things are great . I replaced the incandescent lamps built into my headboard with these . They are bright , energy efficient , do n't put off much heat and a great value .
 I thought it was going to be hard to install . I had the holes already , so it was easy . The screw did n't go right next to the bracket , but once the light was attach , it was okay . I love it and the price is just right
 this light worked out great for what I needed put under counter between sink and stove to light the workspace portion of counter that the under sink light didnt quite get to works fine for small areas will be ordering another one because I like the fact that you can Plug them together with the included cord , works great as a night light for the kitchen so I dont trip over the cat anymore in the middle of the night when I go for a drink of water.Arrived on time was very easy to install very satisfied
 I bought this light for our desk unit right above our computer to provide additional lighting . It 's exactly what I was looking for and gets the job done !
 Bought to mount under kitchen cabinets . Put two together . Can use one or both . Perfect lighting . Easy to install . Husband had me order more . One for computer desk and one for other side of kitchen . Definitely worth the money !
 I needed to replace the light I had in my gun cabinet because the bulbs kept going bad , were hard to find , and not easy to replace . You know , those kind that say do not touch the bulbs with your fingers!This went in easy and works just fine .
 This florescent light is just OK , but the light is not very bright , and also it seems a bit short for use.Anyway it helped enhancing the light strength in my bedroom . Thank you !
 Awesome light . Very easy to mount . I have it over my laptop work area and it is perfect.Mounts under a cabinet perfectly . I used one screwdriver , read and followed the obvious instructions and ` wal-la ' the light was mounted and working in less than 5 minutes . The primary powercord is something like 4 feet long and the attachment cord -LRB- that allows the connecting of more than one light in a row -RRB- is about 12 inches or so.This little light puts out far more light than I expected from a small 12 1/2 inch light.The light produced has a yellowish hue to it that helps , I think , to not only increase the perceived brightness but if you have never tried to work under a bright-white light then you need to know that it can be bothersome . After long hours the bright-white starts to ` wear ' on the eyes -- something like snow on a bright day -- white paper appears very bright and causes me to have a headache.This off-white may not be what someone would want for a presentation shelf or something but it is perfect for a worklight.Hope this helps .
 I bought these lights hoping to add some light over my sink and kitchen counters which were too dark for me . The light switch in my apartment kitchen is behind the fridge so it was inconvenient to turn on the overhead light and it was n't very efficient anyway because the ceilings in this old building are high . These lights give off just the right amount of light , not too bright which I hate , and not too dim . I have one over my sink that I use when doing dishes , and two under the cabinets I use when fixing meals . I ended up only needing 3 out of the 4 lights so I gave the extra one to a friend . I like that I can switch each one on and off individually to use just one , two , or all three , and I like that they are not battery operated . They were super easy to install . I pre-drilled the holes which was my personal preference , and even with that , installation just took less than 10 minutes each . They snap right into the brackets which hold them pretty tight . I 'm so pleased with these lights that for the first few days I was saying , `` Yay ! '' every time I used one . They are exactly what I needed .
 After 2 previous purchases -LRB- thorough Amazon , though in fairness not a reflection on them -RRB- , I am absolutely , positively , significantly happy with this specific purchase.Though one previous unit I purchased -LRB- I wo n't say it here in fairness , but if you wish to dig deeper you 'll find it -RRB- failed in an unbelievable amount of time , and a second I unit I purchased was DOA -LRB- absolutely NO reflection on Amazon or the manufacturer , as the shipping carrier may be responsible -RRB- . But , this unit works with 20-out-of-10-stars . How is it possible to get more * stars * than afforded ? Well , I 'll explain :1 . I left the unit on for 24-hours straight to look to see if , like previous purchases , would burn up the bulb . IT DID NOT .2 . Having been installed for some time in a `` stressful '' environment -LRB- I 'm not going to explain what it is , but suffice to say that it 's hit with frequent turn/on and turn/off 's , plus `` hits '' from other adjacent electronic components -RRB- . This means that it this item has been stressed by external forces that under usual circumstances would not be prevalent , but are in may case -LRB- a positive attribute towards this item -RRB- .3 . IMO -LRB- and * only * IMO -RRB- , this fixture emits the same perceivable light as those with two tubes . While I 'll conceded that this is a `` Warm Light '' fixture -LRB- meaning that it appears to the human eye to be comparable to a incandescent light -RRB- , this as not an issue for me . Moreover , I think it would be an incredibly anal person to differentiate the the subtle color hues between `` cool white '' and `` warm light '' . Bottom line
 I bought two light fixtures to be used in a small lightbox I built . I was looking for decent brightness and a slim profile ; they both worked well and I could see them being used as adequate under-the-counter lights . The linking feature was exceptionally useful for my intended use . Light output was on the warmer side , a yellow-orange glow .
 I bought this lamp to give my house plants a little extra light during the winter months . It was easy to install , there is just two small brackets to screw in and then the lamp snaps in . I keep the lamp on most of the day and it is still as bright as ever and the unit does n't get too terribly hot like one might expect . Over all I would definitely recommend it . I am ordering a second right now actually . Another great feature is that you can plug each lamp into the next so you only need one outlet to plug in all your lamps .
 All I can say is that this is a great light for the price . Replacement bulbs are easy to come by and are relatively inexpensive ; about 4 bucks online .
 I 'm satisfied with the brightness , like the design . The mounting bracket seems a little flimsy/questionable , but other than that , it seems fine . And unlike some florescent fixtures I 've seen , this one is instant-on . No waiting when you flip the switch.Suggestion to the manufacturer ... make the switch a little bigger and easier to &#34; feel for &#34; when the fixture is mounted out-of-sight .
 The 3/8 Magnate Crown stapler is ideal for lightweight jobs . I use it to reinforce the corners on glued picture frames which can not use a larger staple . I use the 3/8 '' long staples for reinforcement . Excellent stapler for this application .
 Great deal . Received Mug Boss , too . Excellent for pens , tools , and keep things organized .
 Bought this sheath for -LSB- money -RSB- - It is great for holding a mini Mag-Lite . Easy to reach without lifting any flaps . The free Bucket Boss Mug Boss accessory is fantastic . I am very pleased . Great quality at a great price !
 I have had this holder for 6 + years and finally needed to replace it -LRB- the pencil holder was stretched out and did not hold -RRB- . The advantage of this holder is that it takes my non-retracting utility knife with just a drop-in action , done some 20 + times a day . Worn right out front on my belt , it makes my knife the handiest tool on my waist . Would n't use another .
 Be aware that if you intend to use this sheath for something other than a utility knife , or a pair of pliers , it does n't have great flexibility in its ` configuration ' . Although in has an exceptionally wide opening at the top , it quickly narrows to a small area at the bottom which does n't have any ability to ` stretch ' . So you are somewhat limited in its flexibility for handling various types of tools . A screwdriver would ` flop around ' due to the sheath 's extra wide opening , and -LRB- fox example -RRB- , most medium size flashlights , small levels , planes , etc. could n't fit in the tight bottom area of the sheath . But , if you use it for its intended pupose , it 's a useful , sturdy item to have , at a great price .
 This is a great product . It holds all manner of box cutters , including the curved ones -LRB- which is what I use -RRB- . The pen -LRB- pencil -RRB- holder works perfect . It is elastic so it will fit any size writing utensil . The first one I had broke after two days of use -LRB- bad -RRB- ... so I bought a new one and it has worked flawlessly for months now . I decided to call the company anf tell them about the one that broke ... And guess what they sent me a new one without asking for any documentation at all . Highly recommended ...
 I purchased this holster for my new job at a local hardware store chain and found it to be great , even with a Stanley `` L shape '' knife -LRB- more contoured for your hand , like the knife in the picture -RRB- . Only problem I found is the clip , it clips like a cell phone holster and I wear a tool belt so it would unclip from the belt and on to my pants . So because I carry more than just a knife I just purchased the Rear Gaurd 54045 by Bocket Boss , this sheath has a different clip system and I hope it works well .
 The belt clip is convenient and it easily holds larger utility knives . I primarily use fixed blade knives and find this sheath to be especially handy . The pencil holder is a nice touch .
 I used a lot of pouches over the last 26 years and this one is the best . The bottom part of it is reinforced to prevent the blade from cutting through . The top part is elastic like , which keeps the knife from jumping out onto the brand new floor . The pencil holder is really handy . I wish I had access to this product years ago . Kudos to Amazon for their huge client base of suppliers . Amazon.com is my go to place for virtually everything now . Their service is second to none .
 Bought it for work at a grocery store . They provided the utility knives but no sheaths for them . I 've had mine two years and still in great shape . Bought two more for some coworkers . Having that pen slot is a perfect touch . Have the comfort of always knowing you have a pen .
 For a plain , box cutter utility knife , this does n't work very well unless you never have to crawl under equipment or bend in an awkward position . It 's just too loose to hold the knife , so my son can not use it . However , it is well-made and sturdy , so for some sizes of equipment and types of work it is probably fine .
 I was looking to replace a utility knife and pencil holder for my husband , a builder . I searched for MONTHS ... finally found it on Amazon -LRB- of course -RRB- . It 's just like the one it replaced . This holds the utility knife and a pencil on the tool belt . It 's just perfect !
 I use the utility knife holder for a screwdriver holder.STANLEY TOOLS 68-012 All-in-One Screwdriverworks great !!
 Looks sturdy , not cheap . Very satisfaction with the brand . I used it couple of times without any problems . I would recommend this product .
 How exiting can a hose be ? Not so much but I have nothing to complain about . It arrived quickly and it works perfectly , it moves easily when twisting . This is an upgrade from our old one . Looks good too . No problems so far . I can recommend it to anyone .
 We got this thing two weeks ago and installed it . The fan works and greatly diminutions the humidity level .
 Fan worked perfectly and is easy to install . The fan is a little noisy , however ; located in the crawl space , it is acceptable .
 easy to install , just got to have a plug or way to get electric to it . Makes a big difference fast , and cost very little to operate .
 Just installed it 11/20/2012 in a crawl space about 1150 sq. ft. Although it 's not rated according to the formula it does the job and does it well . I installed it because of hurricane Sandy . My crawl space had 3 &#34; of water . The crawl space is about 2.5 - 3 feet high and the item dried the remaining space is 3 days . The product is remarkably well made . Only the test of time will tell if the components are made well .
 Works perfectly as described . You simply plug it in to an outlet ad set the controls . It provides a powered ventilation in a confined area where normal air circulation is poor . This unit fits in most crawl space vents -LRB- all that I have ever tried -RRB- Check your openings before you order but there is some play in opening size when you mount this fan .
 After having cut ` engineered ' flooring for 4 large rooms with it , it still is in like new condition . Cuts are perfect , not a single chipped edge!Amazon 's shipping fast as always.HE
 I have tried the large hooks for holding a drill , and tool belts with a drill pouch . Nothing is as simple and reliable as Bigg Luggs . I have all kinds of tools setup with this . Drills , battery powered saws , heavy staple guns , air nail guns , all kinds of tools . Easy to just slide the ball in , securely locks the tool in place and leaves it in the perfect location to reach for it when you need it . I loved it so much I got em as gifts for friends and they swear by it .
 This is a decent indicator and does get the job done on many levels , but for a professional machinist , inspector or other you might look into Interapid , Brown & Sharpe , or Starrett . Reason being as stated in another review , the `` dial '' is almost all plastic - plastic lens is held on with an o-ring . I know for the same reason as the other poster - burst of air . It did go back together , VERY CAREFULLY mind you , but I felt kinda burned after that incident.Old Mitutoyo 's are a metal body , so a used one would be a fine choice or spend a couple bucks more for higher quality . For the price I paid , I expected a bit more but mine is still in use and reading accurately . I will say , any indicator I purchase in the future will be of higher end from now on though .
 The good :1 . Very good repeatability & accuracy -LRB- but not as good as Brown & Sharpe BesTest series -RRB- . Keep in mind that this dial test indicator -LRB- DTI -RRB- only reads accurately when the pointer is parallel to the measuring surface . In other words , the measuring force must be at 90 degrees from the work surface . This is the same as most DTIs except Interapid and certain Starrett models , which reads accurately when the pointer is at 12-15 degrees to the work surface . But then again , most users of DTIs are using them for comparative measurements only .2 . Tilted dial makes it easier to read .3 . Very clear/crisp markings/graduations .4 . Somewhat low measuring force -LRB- but not as low as Interapid .0005 '' series -RRB- .5 . Long range as Interapid -LRB- .06 '' - better than Brown & Sharpe BesTest series but not as long as my Compac 213GLA , which has a whopping .120 '' range -RRB- . As with all multiple-revolution DTIs , the longer the range , the less accurate they become .6 . Good craftsmanship -LRB- except the bezel -RRB- .7 . 3 dovetail mounts makes it a more versatile DTI . My horizontal Compacs only have 2 of them .8 . Anti-magnetic property . Unlike Compacs , BesTests or Interapids , this indicator is truly unaffected by magnets . There was a time when the only measurement I was able to take was to stick a very strong , flat rare-earth magnet to the part and measured the part using the edge of the magnet . This Mitutoyo needle was the only one that was n't sucked into the magnet . Interapid , BesTest and Compac needles was n't able to do this . Seems like the needle was made out of non-magnetic metals -LRB- 3 series stainless steel ? -RRB- The bad :1 . Bulky - bigger body than most Swiss-made DTIs -LRB- except vertical Compac models -RRB- .2 . PLASTIC BEZEL !!! While this make bezel replacement a breeze , it also make the bezel a lot more prone to breakage . Also , the bezel comes off too easily . A blow from the air-gun @ 90PSI is enough to knock it right off the dial face .3 . Solid stems . You wo n't be able to swivel the supplied stems to the angles that you want to use this DTI . Of course there are work-arounds but it would be nice if a swivel stem is supplied as standard.All in all , a very good DTI set at a good price -LRB- from Amazon - No tax to California -RRB- . I 've only had this for about 6 months with sporadic uses . Will update this later if something comes up .
 Being a do-it-yourselfer , I have not yet invested in one of those `` everything '' tool belts . Thus far , I have always just stuffed my speed square in the biggest available pocket , and then pushed it out of the way when I needed something else in the same pocket . This speed square scabbard makes all the difference . It is compact and lightweight , yet it is extremely durable . And it frees up some extra space in my tool belt ! I only wish that it came in a left hand model -LRB- not a big deal , but it sure would be convenient !! -RRB- .
 Most pouches do n't come with a good place for a square and the darn things are always falling out or poking you in the ribs or something . This scabbard is well made and clips onto a pants pocket with a metal clip or it can be slid onto the belt using the loops on the back of the scabbard . The extra pouch and pencil slots are nice too . The material looks nice and is very resistant to wear , damage and fluids . I heartily reccomend it if you carry a sqaure often .
 I use 4 or 5 different belts in the course of a job and this one hangs on 2 of them . It keeps the square handy and does n't get in the way of other tools in the many pouches on my belts . Now , if they only offered it in a left-handed version ...
 Any frame techs out there , -LRB- phone company job -RRB- this is just right for your wrap gun , wire stripper -LRB- aka.flats -RRB- spudger , unwrapper and a pencil . I go through one about every 2 years or so and I use it 5 days a week . It 's really cool that it just clips to your pants pocket or belt so it 's easy on/easy off . You ca n't clip your handset to it but I work in a small frame so I just carry mine around .
 Does what it 's supposed to do.I do remodeling for a living and I use it just about everyday .
 I walk tiebeams and wood walls to lay out for our roof systems . Sometimes these can be over 35 feet in the air . You do n't want anything to through you off balance at those hights . I got to the point where I put my square in my back pocket tape on my hip and keln behind my ear . With this I can keep them all in one spot and with ease . No heavy tool pouch and tools to wight you down and throgh you off balance . Nice and safe .
 After getting tired of scraping knuckles in a large pouch , tearing holes in pants pockets , and trying other products , I have found a product that works . The scabbord does just what it says . A left handed model would make this a 5 star product . It 's functional , easy to find your square/tape/pencil without having to look all of the time . It 's also very durable , a definite PLUS . As a hobbyist , I look for products that will give me a lifetime of service , easy to work with , versitile , and dependable . The Layout Square Scabbord does all of this . I 'm very pleased with this product .
 I 've been using HeliCoil products for 20 years , and they 're still the best . Comes with a quality tap , insertion tool , and coils . Additional coils are always available . I do miss not having the vinyl pouches the tools used to come in because they make great long term storage containers for a matched tool set -LRB- tap , insertion tool , and spare coils -RRB- . Not having to throw something away because the threads are stripped is still the best part . Any time I can make a repair with quality materials and have it function as good as new is a great day - especially in this case when I 'm able to repair the handles on pots and pans lids for my wife to score a few points with her .
 I have an old Plymouth and one of the carburetor base screw thread stripped off in the body . I have a new carburetor and this one is the original and I rebuilt it and it runs great . From over tightening the wing nut , it pulled on the screw which pulled on the soft medal of the carburetor body . So I tracked down a heli-coil thread insert kit for a # 12 machine screw with 24 thread . I wanted this carburetor cause that is all that is wrong with it . Drilled the correct hold slowly while be careful not to let the metal shavings in the carburetor passages . Follow the instructions and proceed slowly ! this was a blind hole I am drilling . Okay drilled the hole enough so the insert seats fully . Then I took the tap supplied with the kit . Re-threaded the hole turn a full turn and back out to let out the metal chips . Once I got tho hole tapped enough so the insert will seat , I proceeded with the tool supplied to thread the insert in the tapped hole . made sure no metal chips were left . These stainless steel inserts are stronger than the soft metal . put the screw in about a dozen times , loosen then tighten , this kit saved my carburetor . These things work great ! Take you time drilling and cleaning and use some Wd-40 or equivalent on the threads . keep them lubricated and tight . These work ! They will work on many other items as well , check for proper size and thread . Make sure threads are cleaned , lubed and torqued properly , you should not have any problems . Thanks Heli-Coil !
 For those that do not like to wear a headset that goes over the top of the head , this is a good choice . The band goes behind the head so that the headset does not `` clamp '' or put pressure on the head . Sound quality is good and the microphone puts out a strong signal . The only issue is that the band puts pressure on the front of the ears . I have n't been able to find a position to alleviate this . However , I still prefer this headset to over the top headband headsets .
 I simply LOVE this headset as it has solved all my problems with every headset I 've bought . I have very small ears and could n't find a single headset that would work well for me ; they kept falling off , and/or , I could n't hear anything while wearing them -LRB- I also have some hearing loss -RRB- . Also , nerve damage causes me a lot of pain when trying to hold a phone -LRB- any phone ; even small ones -RRB- for any length of time . I simply ` had ' to find a headset that would work . After many purchases , I found this on Amazon 's site and gave it a try - it works just great for me . The volume is terrific -LRB- even with my hearing loss , due to both ear pieces projecting sound , rather than just one side -RRB- . The comfort level is high and they ` stay on ' my ears . They do n't disrupt my hairstyle and do n't bind or cause pressure anywhere either . So far others hear me loud-n-clear and I hear them with ease . This headset has solved all my problems in one unit and I am grateful that I ordered this one to try out . Would highly recommend this headset to anyone suffering any of the problems I have , or anyone who wants a headset that actually works really , really well .
 We had been looking for these head sets for over 2 years . This was a life saver as we ca n't hear with those one ear sets .
 Good headset for the price . I 've enjoyed the speaker and voice quality . Individuals I call are able to hear me better with this headset than my previous one . It only had a half boom for the microphone.I probably spend around 2 - 3 hours on the phone each day and it 's comfortable for that time . I 've experienced no adverse comfort issues that other 's have mentioned.Only complaint is that the boom on my unit does n't always stay in place . It has started slipping down occasionally while in use . I may just need to tighten a screw or something . I 've had the headset for 9 months now and it has only started that the past couple months.Everything said I 'd buy another one as it has been the best inexpensive headset I 've found thus far .
 I love the price of these . I am very happy with the quality so far . They are a little larger behind the head than others I 've tried . Sound quality is very good .
 I have always bought the uniden headset that looks very similar to this one , but the cost on that one has gone up every year . I thought I would give this one a try because it seems no matter how much I spend I do n't ever get more than a years use out of any headset . This one has great sound and fits well . As some of the other reviewers said the cord is way too long but I just used the twist tie that came with it and wrapped up a good portion of the extra cord . For the price I do n't think you can beat this headset .
 I ca n't believe these headsets are under $ 6 . Better than any I have tried . Very good sound and everyone on the other end says they sound just fine to them . I 've only had them for a month but they seem sturdy . A great buy in my opinion . I will buy some spares for when I sit on these .
 I work in a home office for a large computer software company , making sales over the telephone . I ordered three of these headsets for use with my Panasonic MultiTalk 8 Phone . It has been a great headset , as good as those expensive ones we used to use in the office of my company , but for a fraction of the cost . If you are looking for a good , low cost headset , this is the one to choose . Headsets are temperamental , and no matter how much we seem to pay for them , they get beaten up and require replacement . At $ 10 each , they are much cheaper to replace when the inevitable happens -LRB- headset yanked from head , ran over by the wheels on our chairs , dropped , chewed on by the dog , etc -RRB- .
 I am hard of hearing -LRB- comes with age -RRB- ... so I need double ear headsets ... I have tried several brands ... Plantronics -LRB- didnt work with my phones -RRB- ... Radio Shack -LRB- great but was discontinued -RRB- ... Voice Star -LRB- great but was discontinued as well -RRB- ... and now I am using Southern Bell ... This headset provides by far the best fidelity ... which is what one should look for in a headset ... I only have 2 complaints ... one fixable ... one not ... 1 -RRB- As these are behind the head -LRB- and over the ear -RRB- that leaves little room for those of us who wear glasses ... they are cumbersome to remove when wearing glasses ... I dont see this as fixable2 -RRB- There is no mute or volume control ... as other dual ear headsets haveIf these two minor flaws are not show stoppers for you ... I highly recommend these headsets
 I have been using this headset for years in my convertible . It works better than anything else I have found .
 I have been using professional grade headsets for a few years now and they cost about $ 100 to replace . I decided to compare some alternatives and found this headset to be of comparable quality to the professional ones , at a tenth of the price.One Word Review
 I think the only question I had was whether I would get audio out of both sides . Yes , I do . It is good . I would n't say it solves all audio issues -LRB- like callers speaking too quietly -RRB- , but I do hear more because I can hear with both ears now . No complaints .
 love the dual headset for talking , just dont like the fact that the headband isnt really adjustable . of course , it is behind the neck , and 99 % of these are not adjustable , But it seemed to want to fall off .
 It is great and just what I needed . I like the fact that it has 2 earphones , not just one . Works well , but you must be careful not to pull on the wires or sling them around too much or they will stop working .
 While looking for a telephone headset I found the SW Bell S60210 . It was so much less expensive than any other modle -LRB- with high ratings -RRB- that I believed there must be something wrong with it . There is not ! While my headset will not last forever , it sounds great and the microphone allows the other party to hear clearly . I use this product in a home office , and have begun using it on my cell phone for personal calls . Often , the listening party comments on how good our connection is because they hear me so clearly.I have purchased several .
 I bought one of these for my brother to replace one that came with his cordless phone . He is a little hard of hearing and can hear much better with one of these . His only complaint is the length of the cord . It is so long it catches on things when you walk around and gets pulled off your head . I suggested he use a twist tie to keep it the length he wanted it , so now he is happy with it . I could not find anything like it for anywhere near the price .
 I use this in an area where I wear a hat . It 's the only one that I use . I had one that was inadvertently broken . I purchesed 3 of them to be sure I always have a spare .
 I really do enjoy the ease of use and convenience of this headset and I am going to purchase another one .
 I 'm a contractor/renovator and carry up to a dozen different blades in my trailer . I have been looking for a simple and good way to store/transport them . Bosch is the only product I 've seen that offers a blade storage/transportation product . The great news is their is no compromise here . This simple accessory is excellent . It protects your blades well and is very light and convenient to use and handle . Recommeded highly .
 This is the very best tape dispenser that anyone could ever consider purchasing . I will add some words to reach the minimum .
 Lightweight and easy to seal package while holding only the handle instead of using a second hand to feed the tape out .
 This product is very easy to use and the price is very affordable . We use the tape dispenser almost every day . It really save us a lot of time because it 's very efficient and easy to use . Great product .
 I decided to spend a little more for a quality tape gun . Many have complained about the cheap ones . This gun is very good . Works like it is supposed to and very easy to use .
 At my job we use these all the time . This one has proven to be good quality - easy to use , cuts the tape well and dispensed it smoothly . Thanks for a great product .
 The best part of this tape dispenser is the adjustable roll tension . This allows you to customize the resistance for each type of tape . Be careful about the sharpness of the cutting blade . Despite the picture warning of its sharpness , I managed to cut my finger on it the first time .
 This is my 2nd one as i lost my other one . it works well with no fancy stuff . Just does the trick .
 We tape large beaded curtain packages 5 days a week and concur with the other reviews as this is without a doubt the best pistol grip tape dispenser on the market .
 lightweight but effective . The roll dispenser remains tight , and the blade is sharp . Well built , plastic handle but metal body .
 I was buying a bunch of packaging supplies on Amazon and decided to try a new tape dispenser . This has definitely been the best one I have ever used . Tape does n't seem to get jammed or have to be re-adjusted like I was having to do on my other dispenser all the time . Probably helps that I also boughtDuck Brand HD Packaging Tape , 1.88 inch x 54.6 Yard , Crystal Clear , 6 Rolls -LRB- CS-55-6pk -RRB- which is also the best tape I have used .
 I 've used a few other tape dispensers , and none of them work as well as this one . This worked so well , I bought a total of 6 to replace all of our current ones . Plus , you can get spare parts for this model . Spare parts are not that cheap however .
 Good tape gun . Light weight and works well . We use in a warehouse , and shipping dept. and they hold up better then most .
 I package up a lot of boxes every month , but it took me a long time to find something that would make my life easier . When I looked at the different models , they all looked so heavy and clunky . I wanted something that would make packing up boxes easier - not harder.I settled on this product because its price was about right for my budget , and it had good reviews . After using it for only a few boxes , I was already won over . This product is great . It is not at all heavy or clunky to use - I can grip the handle quite comfortably and get my boxes taped up in about 1/4 of the time it used to take me . I was very surprised by how light it is - considering its size -LRB- it does look a little bulky -RRB- this is not at all as heavy as I feared it might be.It is n't so good for smaller boxes , because the overall size of this product makes it difficult to use when the box is a small size . But most of the boxes I pack are at least 10x10x10 , and this product is just perfect for them . It is easy to load a new roll of tape when needed and the device holds the tape very securely and rolls the tape smoothly onto a box when you want to secure it . I never feel like the tape roll will come loose when I am using this product . The blade is very sharp - but I have n't cut myself on it once , nor do I worry about doing so . The only downside is that sometimes the edge of the tape can get a bit tangled up and ca n't be used.Overall
 It 's works well . No complaints . Does exactly what it is sold to do . Applies tape and cuts it off . Good job scotch .
 It was so nice to have it work and it cut the tape with no problems at all . Glad I got it .
 I have been very disappointed over the years with box tape devices . They would either cut me trying to get them unjammed , smash tape against itself and other fun things . This is easy to use and makes minimal taping errors .
 This tool becomes very easy to use once you get familiar with it . Only problem I have is the teeth to cut the tape seems a little dull .
 I like everything about this gun except one thing . My old gun had a hinged flap which kept the end of the tape flat against the roller in front of the cutter . This flap kept the tape from flopping back on itself , and falling away from the roller . So as long as static electricity keeps the tape against the roller , you can seal box after box . But when the tape falls away from the roller , you have to stop and reposition the tape before you can proceed.Other than this minor annoyance , this is a very solid , very competent tape gun .
 Life without a box sealing tape dispenser is awful . This one solved the dilemma and has worked just like it should .
 This Scotch Box Sealing Tape Dispenser costs a little more than the alternatives , but it 's been worth it . We 're in the middle of packing for a move and this is SO much better than the little plastic free dispensers that often come with sealing tape . We used to have another no-name gun-type dispenser years ago , but it literally fell apart one day under what was n't all that serious use.Stick , zip , cut , done . Very smooth .
 This thing dispenses tape , and does it well . Should you need replacement parts , the # 's are conveniently on the side of the item itself . So you can get charged an arm and a leg for a 2 '' piece of plastic or a cutting blade , still , it 's the thought that counts right ?
 So easy to use ! I 've had no issues with it . Everything about it is great . And you can use it with just 1 hand !
 Do n't buy any other tape dispenser , especially the Scott brand.This model has a spring loaded clip that keeps the tape pressed against the roller wheel . It has thin contact so it does n't hold on too much to the tape.The Scott model holds on to the tape too much making it hard to grab small pieces of tape.Trust me , even if you only use this thing once a month or even a few times a year , you will want this model over the Scott.I used to have this model until my wife lost it . So I bought the Scott to try it out . UGGGHHH , not worth it . Bought this one.Now my wife uses the Scott and hates it and secretly tries to use this dispenser while we are packing up our home .
 The newer tape dispensers have safety devices that retract the cutting edge . Makes it very hard to use the dispenser . This Tape Dispenser Has a cutter that works evry time . The cutter does not retract , it stays where it is needed.If you are part of the Under 4 years old crowd , and have trouble with sharp things , get the cheaper tape dispenser.This thing also has an adjustment for tape pressure , works great , I bought a second one for the USPS Priority tape that you get free from the post office.This item is # 37 on the `` John 's all time list of Good Stuff '' . John
 I got tired of the flimsy , noisy office supply store brand of tape dispensers and bought this . I immediately noticed that it feels more solid . Comes with a warranty and has replaceable parts - like the blade . This will probably be the last tape gun that I will have to buy for years !
 I bought one of these when I started selling items through amazon and ebay back in 1999 . I still use that same tape gun.The tension can be easily adjusted , and the roller provides a nice even pressure . What I have found over the years is that tape brands and weights make a BIG difference in performance of a tape gun . I use the heavier duty Scotch tapes -LRB- clear ones -RRB- - they are a thicker film than the light weight tapes - and wo n't double back on you as much ... . plus , you do n't have to use several passes - one or two will work just fine ... . finally , the adhesive on the stronger tapes gives a more even pressure when dispensing.The dispenser itself is set at a nice angle to get most boxes in one pass . The blade is nice and sharp - I do n't see where you would ever have to replace it unless you damage it somehow . The tension adjustment is a simple threaded bolt and a spring/plastic knurled thumb nut . I set it once in 2002 or so and just use the same tape , never mess with it again.There is a spring loaded bail that holds the tape next to the roller - putting on a new roll of tape is simple , especially since you can lift that little bail and feed the tape through.The side is a heavy steel plate , it does not flex . The handle is hollow plastic , but feels very solid.I have even taken this on a trip , and just sent some of my clothes / luggage back via UPS instead of paying the airline ... . insured , faster , and cheaper.don ' t go cheap - get one , you wo n't regret it .
 We bought this during a big move from Florida to Tennessee . I have 3 kids -LRB- 2 teenagers and one toddler -RRB- and everyone was working on taping boxes . My old cheap tape dispenser broke and we had 2 of the cheap red 3M plastics that sometimes come with the box tape , but we wanted something better so since my husband 's company was paying for the move , we bought this and the Duct Tape Shark Pro Tape Dispenser . Wow were these things great . We loved both and could never go back to the old cheap dispensers but there was one thing about this one that I have to warn people about and made me take off a star . The teeth stick out far on it and both of my teenagers as well as myself cut themselves on them and two of them were pretty bad cuts . When the teenagers did it I thought that perhaps they were just careless or something , but when I did it , I was n't even cutting at the time . The dispenser was on the floor and I went to pick it up and my hand brushed the teeth and it sliced me open . Man it works great when you are taping , but you have to be careful . With a toddler , I was a little nervous after 3 cuts . Be careful and alert and you should be okay ! If you do n't want to take a chance get the Duct Tape Shark Pro ... just as good without teeth that stick out !
 Well after years of using a Duck Tape Dispenser and having the tape slide out the side I found one of these 3M dispensers someone was throwing away . All I can say is wow ! This is how a tape dispenser should work , smooth straight , and dependable ! Mine was free so it is hard to say if it is worth the money , I sell stuff on ebay some so I run through about a dozen rolls of tape a year and I could definitely see buying one of these now that I know how good they are !
 I ca n't say i package a lot , maybe a box a week or so . But this dispenser works great , it makes packaging boxes much easier . It works as expected , and i have n't even messes with the tension settings . It is well built and should last .
 This is priced a little higher than the `` cheapies '' , but it works without fail . I do n't understand other reviews knocking the fact that it does not have a guard on the cutter as it is recessed and works fine . Like a knife , if you push it against your body , it will cut you `` dahhh '' . No frills , just a functional tool .
 Mom 's moving to another stated and needed a tape dispenser that would be hassle free allowing her to zip through taping up packages quickly . This worked . Every time we spoke over the tele , she raved about it .
 This is a quality product . The push button it replaces fell apart when I took it down to figure out why it was only working intermittently . The Heath unit feels like a little brick in comparison . It 's inner works are all solid state - no wires or contact points jiggling around . You get what you pay for ... at least this time .
 This is THE best diverter -- primarily because it is the valve AND trim in one !! I will , however , caution you to know whether or not you will need an extension kit -LRB- sold separately -RRB- to ensure that it is a perfect fit against your wall .
 I BOUGHT TWO OF THESE LAMPS . THEY ARRIVED QUICKLY AND WERE AS NICE AS EXPECTED . HOWEVER , THEY DO NOT MATCH AS ONE OF THE LAMPS IS ABOUT 2 INCHES TALLER THAN THE OTHER . I CONTACTED DALE TIFFANY ABOUT SENDING THE APPROPRIATE PART TO MODIFY THE LAMPS TO MAKE THEM THE SAME SIZE WITHOUT RESULT . POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 I purchased this product and it arrived without any problems . The color is beautiful except in one spot , it looked like an epoxy had been used on it -- there was a yellow spot , but instead of going through the hassle of returning it , we just turned that spot to where it would be less noticeable and installed it . It is a really heavy , large piece , larger than I had thought it would be . Also , it does n't really look like the photo . All in all , it 's a good value for the money .
 Sink is beautiful . Quality service . Marble and Things is all about the details . Highly recommend their store .
 It is a little top heavy compared to others , but it has a larger face with a nail starter which is really handy in some situations -LRB- like bracing walls -RRB- . It is perfect for pounding walls together , but keep it away from trim work , at least until the waffle head gets smoothed out .
 I was a framer for many years -- this was the BEST hammer I have ever used . Trust me -- you will be impressed!Period.Point blank .
 This wrench is an exceptional value . The range of adjustment is awesome . I would have had to pay at least three times as much to get a comparable tool from anywhere else . I freaked out at first because the package said 50-250 ft/lb , but after actually looking at the wrench I discovered that the listing is accurate . The wrench is accurate too I compared it to my neighbor 's S ** P-ON and it was right on !
 Wrench seems to be good value for the money . Torque is consistent with my Menards 150Ft-Lb torque wrench . Successfully used this wrench to tighten front axle nut on Accord -LRB- 180 Ft Lbs -RRB- . Planning to use it for crank shaft pulley when timing belt replacement time comes . It is also easier to tighten lug nuts -LRB- 80 Ft Lbs -RRB- with this wrench instead of smaller 150 Ft Lbs one . The reason I gave 4 stars is ratcheting direction switch broke when wrench was used in reverse . That axle nut was incredibly stubborn though . Was only able to loosen it with Snap-On impact . Seller replaced wrench for free .
 WAS A DECENT PRICE AND I LIKE DELTADELTA DELTA DELTA DELTA DELTA DELTA DELTA DELTA DELTA DELTA DLTA DELTA
 In my many years of gardening experience , Gilmour products usually are of very good quality , and I will almost always pick a Gilmour product over another brand . But , they do produce a defective product at times . This year , two hose nozzles -LRB- out of several -RRB- became defective , and a simple email got me replacements within days -LRB- NO HASSLE !! -RRB- . I think if a hose became defective -LRB- lifetime warranty -RRB- , you may have to send the brass couplings to them to get a replacement . So for , I 've never had a defective Gilmour hose , and they provide many years of service.We bought five of these short -LRB- 25 feet -RRB- hoses for some light duty . They are 4-ply , but you should get 6-ply for heavy duty use .
 Needed a brushed bronze towel ring to match a Kohler Forte faucet since the Forte bronze towel rings had been discontinued . The color was a perfect match and the style was very close . The ring is very solid and well made .
 This towel ring looks just as I thought it would , is sturdy enough to hold our large heavy bath sheets no problem at all . Installation was easy enough , they provide the template , screws , wall anchors and allen wrench for the set screw . Required a drill , phillips head screw driver and hammer to `` persuade '' the wall anchor to go all the way in . I installed one of these with the hook opening on the left but then realized that the set screw was visible under the mounting ring area . So I installed others with hook opening facing right to have the set screw above out of view of most except the tallest people . Just something you might think about before installing.I like the opening in the ring to get the towel out instead of dragging it through the ring . Not that this is n't sturdy enough to pull the towel through , but the opening was one of the features I was looking for in this towel holder.Overall very happy with this purchase .
 There is n't much to say except this is probably a big upgrade in appearance over your current towel holders . The trendy oil-rubbed bronze color will give an instant `` upgraded '' look to your bathroom.The quality seems to be quite nice . So far all of the Kohler products I 've purchased are standouts in quality .
 Very nice towel holder . Highly polished and easy to install . Comes with its own allen wrench . You 'll have to drill two holes which are covered upby the base .
 You can not o wrong with kohler . Really looks great and goes perfectly with matching toiler roll . Cheap facelift and really looks much more expensive
 I remodeled the upstairs bathroom for my wife and these match the Kohler Devonshire contour soaking tub she wanted . She loves them .
 This is for our son and daughter-in-law 's guest bathroom . Looks outstanding with the other pieces we also purchased from Amazon . Kohler has the best quality and style by far .
 Very sturdy . I purchased this product to go with all the other Kohler fixtures that I had the contractor install for the three bathrooms we recently remodeled . The Kohler fixtures I have found to be of great quality and I 'm very happy with how they look and function .
 It has a very stylish yet sturdy feel . it has withstood the abuse of two young boys . Makes it easy for the kids to hand their towels
 The polished chrome is beautiful and the simple but elegant styling works well in my Victorian-style bathroom . I hope the finish holds up over time , but since I 've only had it three weeks , I ca n't vouch for the durability of the finish and hence the 4 stars . Everyone loves the fact that the ring is open-ended because it is much easier to add and remove towels as compared to a closed ring design . Installation was easy too .
 This towel ring is very sturdy and a solid piece . I like it so much better than the towel ring I replaced that had a loose ring that moved whenever you used the towel . It looks great with the other products from the Devonshire collection .
 Product is durable and exceptionally priced . I am very pleased with the fast shipping . Brushed bronze is a beautiful color to complement any bathroom style .
 I bought some of these based on other reviews . Then I installed them and bought more . I have had a bunch of different night lights , including some -LRB- really weak output -RRB- LED nightlights . This one does the job . It never fails to know night from day , it is bright and not blinding , and above all it allows me to safely move about the house and up/down the stairway without flipping on the overhead lights . I will keep buying more for myself and my family and friends .
 I got these night-lights for my daughter who was 2 at the time . She was in transition from crib to bed . These lights are very bright , which she loved . The night sensor is great so it does not waste electricity during the daytime . It has two settings for semi-bright and very-bright , but even the semi-bright is enough to illuminate a room so you do n't go walking into chairs ! She still uses them to this day and has been using it every day for the past year . I will have to figure out something to do with the second one because it does not look like the first one will be failing anytime soon -LRB- even with the `` gentle '' touch of a 3 year old doing it herself : -RRB-
 Does it 's work ... satisfied with the product.Will buy some more lights after I use them for couple months or so -LRB- just to test their durability/reliability -RRB- .
 Lights were as described . 1 month and still going . Very low Sensitivity for the Sensor . So mostly on even during the day.I use two for one bedroom to have enough light . So not too bright . Easy on the eyes .
 Great light , I have no issues with it turnig off during day time . The 2 stage light -LRB- dim & bright -RRB- does not really make much of a change to the brightness or dimness < -- if that is a word . I love that the light given is much more of daylight or slight blue tinge to it . It is perfect for my 2 1/2 year old son bedroom , 2 month old son bedroom and the bathroom . I just ordered 2 more for my bedroom and bathroom . :-RRB- good stuff ... i hate buying light bulbs for those little nite-lights that cost a $ 1.00 each . I have 10 nite-lights around the house and I was replacing them every 2 months ... that is $ 60.00 each year to keep those little suckers running . The LED nite-light are worry and light bulb free ... `` YES ''
 Nice little lights , adjustable brightness , a sensor turns them on when it gets dark . They would be perfect if they had an on/off switch -- they have to be unplugged if you do n't want them coming on too early or coming on during the day if it 's cloudy .
 like it but no off switch so if you want to keep it plugged in , it 's on anytime the room light is off , including the day .
 I purchased these lights about 1 month ago.PRO
 This item was exactly and described and arrived quicker than I thought . It 's great for saving energy but offers the safety of a soft lit hallway .
 I 've purchased several sets of these and only one went bad -LRB- after about 6mo -RRB- . Much better product and longevity than others we have tried .
 I am really happy with these . They are not too bright -LRB- as with some night lights , especially LED -RRB- , and I really appreciate the auto on/off feature . The only downsides -LRB- which have n't made much of a difference to me -RRB- are that the difference between high and low light is almost not detectable , and the light sensor is sensitive so it can go on and off during the day when the light is low . Not a big deal . I 'd buy these again in a second , and probably will soon .
 I bought these on amazon and I loved them so much a bought more ! All of them work great , and they are perfect for us . It is a brighter night light than some , but not too much . I have three small kids and I have one night light in each of their rooms as well as in the hall . They do n't wake up from it , but it gives off enough light that you do n't stumble around in the dark . I can change my baby 's diaper in the middle of the night with just this night light ... probably because I change him near it , but still.If you are an amazon mom , I think you can find this in the baby section and it is a good purchase to get your cart up to $ 25 : D
 They light up and my girlfriend has n't complained . That 's worth 4 stars ; 2 for each . Do n't tell her .
 The white frosting on the outside is great since it makes the 2 bright LED 's disburse light evenly and is n't harsh on your eyes in the dark . Could use slightly less frosting though .
 Plug them in and you will always have light . They never shut off . The lighting is soft and pleasant . The idea is good ...
 These are GREAT ! They have a high and low setting , and my son and husband can see in the room at night lol . HIGHLY recommended and worth the price . A + guys !
 The diffuser cover for this LED night light is much easier-on-the-eyes and pleasant than most of the rather glaring and stark LED night lights . Some of the other reviewers complained about a bluishness given off by the lights , but the two that I purchased had no bluishness . They both were instead a &#34; cold &#34; white , or white-white , in appearance , and , as I 've said , a light source that I consider to be generally pleasing.There was one problem that the two I bought that had that had been noted but other reviewers though . The light sensor was too slow to shut the night light off when the room brightened up with light from other sources , and it was too quick to turn the night light on as the room light began to recede . Having the night light on when it is not needed has the effect of wasting the electricity saved by using an LED instead of incandescent . Also , the low-high switch on the side was superfluous -- there is too little difference in the lighting intensities between the two settings to warrant bothering with the switch at all . Without these last two problems , I would have certainly rated this night light with a 5-star rating instead of the 4-star rating I am using .
 Love the product and would highly recommend to anyone . The product was exactly as promised and the light is enough to light up the entire hall .
 If you are looking for a night lite that is not blinding and intrusive , then these are for you . I got these not sure exactly what to expect , but they are perfect for a low night - lighting situation . The sensors are relatively sensitive to lite and no lite transitions . The light itself is nicely diffused . Well made and an excellent value for the money . And yes , they both worked out of the box .
 These are nice little lights . Good physical size , and nice looking.I bought these because they only have 2 LED 's , I did n't want really bright lights , however even with just 2 they are still quite bright . They emit a white/blue light.The difference between hi-lo is negligible .
 I needed a nightlight for my toddler who is at the `` afraid of the dark '' stage and I compared all night lights and read through numerous reviews and found these to be the best ! The nightlight has the perfect amount of soft white glow and the low setting is n't too bright , just right !
 These are very good night lights . These units are sensitive to indoor home lights and the unit remains turned OFF until indoor lights are Turned off . Indoor lights should be decently bright enough though . Please do not expect one light will keep this unit turned off.The light from these units are white daylight florescent type , very pleasant , adequate for navigating at night . Good for hallways , bedrooms , kids bedrooms and restrooms . These units have High , Low brightness levels which work well.This unit has labels on each unit like UL and other certifications , which means its a quality product passing few certification standards . Highly recommended .
 These are great little nightlights for the price . They are kind of bright and even though they have a hi and a low setting , there 's not much difference . I love that they are LED . . They are very functional and practical .
 We bought this product last year when my son was 6 months . I was looking for something just bright enough to feed my baby during night . Since he used to get hungry often , i wanted night light which can be kept on all night without disturbing our sleep . I also wanted something at a reasonable price and which can provide just enough light to maintain our privacy . This product was just the thing i was looking for . It is also light sensitive , so do n't need to worry about unpluging it and i do n't even need to change batteries since it is a plugged in kinda light . I highly recommend this product . Just love it .
 This is the only two-LED light I can find . It 's a little larger in size than it has to be , but it puts off more light than the single LED version . Uses a maximum of 1 watt of electricity . The frosted cover is nicer than the clear version . Hi/Lo switch slightly controls light output . LED 's are slightly blue in color .
 First off , let me say that I hate LED lights of any kind that stray into the blue part of the spectrum . I ordered three different models of Maxxima night lights , and this is the only one that puts out a `` white '' light without being blue -- I 'd guess around 4000-4500K or so . The white plastic lens does it 's job and diffuses the light to the point that it looks like a little fluorescent nightlight . The plug blades are polarized , so keep that in mind when considering locations you may want to use this.Barely any difference between the `` Hi '' and `` Lo '' modes , but in either mode , it 's about as bright as you should expect a small night light to be .
 Although I can sleep in complete darkness , I typically do n't like to because in the event I wake up in the middle of the night for whatever reason , I like having the ability to see . Also seeing how my wife has stubbed her toe at least twice trying to find her way to the bathroom in the middle of the night , getting a nightlight was a must.I have n't owned an incandescent nightlight in a very long time and LED nightlights were my automatic choice . I do own some cheap ones I got from Walmart a few years ago that came in a 4-pack -LRB- for about $ 12 -RRB- . These nightlights actually work fine -LRB- despite having dimmed over time -RRB- but I wanted something with better light output and I moved all the Walmart nightlights upstairs for guests.Looking through dozens of LED products on Amazon , I eventually settled for the Maxxima brand due to the assortment and positive reviews but I also wanted to stay within a $ 12 budget -LRB- for two -RRB- . In the end , I purchasedMaxxima MLN-50 5 LED Night Light With Sensor -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- andMaxxima LED Night Light With White Lens -LRB- Pack Of 2 -RRB- . The reason for two assortments is I wanted the 5 LED version for hallways/kitchen area and the other version for the bedroom/bathroom area.Having owned them for about 10 days , I 'm very happy to say that I 'm pleased with them . The 5-LED version is cheaper by $ 1 and outputs an insane amount of light . The fact that the plastic window is clear , they can be `` too bright '' to those sensitive to light if you look directly at it or are using them in the bedroom . I would say that the light output is equavalent to maybe two or three candles lit and held side-by-side . However if you 're a night owl and like leaving at least 1 lamp on at night in your house , these will do you justice and save you $ $ $ on your electric bill because they are bright enough to light a decent area.TheMaxxima LED Night Light With White Lens -LRB- Pack Of 2 -RRB- that we used in the bedroom/bathroom is also bright -LRB- brighter than the ones I got at Walmart but nowhere near as bright as the 5-LED -RRB- -RRB- but the lens is translucent white . By being translucent instead of clear , it diffuses the light to be a `` glow '' rather than seeing the LED directly . The high/low setting for the LED provides minimal difference -LRB- but it 's there -RRB- . To some , this might be too bright -LRB- as my wife said -RRB- but after about 2 days , she got used to it and ca n't live without them . After all , who wants stubbed toes?As for color , the 5-LED version is a `` cool white '' and theMaxxima LED Night Light With White Lens -LRB- Pack Of 2 -RRB- version is between a `` cool '' & `` warm '' . It 's not yellow at all . If you know anything about light color temperature , the `` cooler '' you get , the more bluish it becomes . And just the opposite , the `` warmer '' you get , the more `` yellow '' the light becomes . Some people simply hate `` cool white LEDs '' and hopefully this helps you decide.Also , the light sensor works just as I would have expected . I ca n't really tell you how they work , but if there is sufficient light in the room , the nightlights wo n't turn on . However , if they detect any kind of `` darker setting '' the LEDs will begin to light up brighter & brighter the darker the room gets . I tested this personally and with the window blinds down , there is some degree of light output -LRB- very minimal I might add -RRB- . To some , some might feel angry because the life of the LED will be reduced by constantly being on but in reality , you 're saving $ $ $ even with the LEDs partially lit vs an incandescent night light AND the life of a typical LED is 50,000 hours . Convert to years , that 's approximately 5.7 years -LRB- 2083 days -RRB- . Honestly if my nightlights last that long , I have no qualms about buying another for $ 12 because for a set of two , divided by 2083 days , it will cost me 7 cents a month to run for another 5.7 years.Last but not least , please note that with any LED , no matter how good the quality , they WILL dim over time . LED Lights operate through semiconductors and though they do not get hot to the touch or melt the plastic bulbs they are often placed in , a small amount of heat is released . It is important to understand how this happens . Light is produced because electrons are energized when electricity is introduced to the diodes . These electrons travel from one material to the next , but must dispel their energy before the other material can accept them . It is this expulsion of energy that produces light in the form of photons and a small amount of heat . Over time , usually very long periods of time , the semiconductors will wear out and the lights will begin to dim . They do not burn out in the literal sense , yet they will dim in time . LEDs have a life rating before they die just like incandescents but unlike incandescents , as they reach the end of their life , they will completely dim . Incandescents will just blow out on you .
 I 've had two of these lights in my home now for a couple of weeks and I 'm very pleased with them . It looks to me like they put out about the same amount of light as your typical 7 watt incandescent light with a plastic shade . The light output is white and not the typical LED blue-white you get with clear shades . I wish the light sensor was a little more sensitive as there has to be a considerable amount of natural light for the night light to switch off , but it 's no big deal at such low wattage .
 We 've had two of these for nearly three years , one is under my son 's bed and is almost always on . They still both work great . Just ordered two more.Light is slightly blue , which I like . Plenty bright , almost too bright if you had this next to your bed . We put ours under our bed and it works great .
 I bought these because I did not like turning on the light in the middle of the night when I was feeding my newborn . This allows me to navigate the house without blasting my eyes . They turn themselves on and off and give off a soft blue light . I would buy them again .
 I 've got some ELD nightlights , but they wo n't last forever . These LED nightlights will outlast me !
 really good light to avoid the nighttime bumps and bruises ... the auto off and on is a great convenience and energy saver .
 Great nighlights that go automatically on in the dark . They have a nice blue glow . I use them all around the house . Great product .
 We bought a 2 pack back in July 2009 . We are still using them and they work great ! They give enough lite to see and avoid tripping on stuff left on the floor .
 A great little night-lite . I wanted a light to put in a back room ; something not too bright . This 2-LED light is just right . Walking from the front of the house to the back at night is easy now that I can see where I 'm going . The two-pack is perfect because I can take one on trips to use in unfamiliar hotel rooms .
 This LED Night Light works great for our use . We placed it in a downstairs area to light up stairs at night . The sensor does shut it off during the day , but in the evening , unless room light shines directly on it , it may stay lit . Not a problem to me and the light is just right for what we wanted . Not to bright , but bright enough to illuminate that area . It also has a switch to make it a little less bright .
 These LED night-lights do what they are supposed to . They dimly illuminate the room after all the main lights are out , helping me from stubbing my toe on the corner of the bedpost during my middle-of-the-night bathroom calls . They are very energy efficient . After running both lights every evening , they are photosensitive , I noticed no difference at all in my electric bill . These lights receive four stars from me only because the `` dimmer '' switch has no noticeable effect . Looking directly at the LED bulb , you can barely notice a change in intensity from the low and high settings . As far as ambient light output , I noticed no difference whatsoever from low and high settings.If you are looking for a cheap night-night , then I would recommend these .
 I purchased my set of lights almost a year ago , and I think they 're great . They work just as advertised , and are nice and bright . The only thing that I wish they had is an on/off switch . Sometimes when the natural light is low , the sensor will turn on the light even when I really do n't need it on . I have to unplug it from the wall in order to turn it off . I still plan to buy another set in the near future .
 We like the light these cast -- bright , but not too , and a nice soft white color . They do n't get hot like incandescent bulbs do . Sensors turn lights off even when there 's indirect light in the room , unlike some nightlights we 've had in the past . We liked ours so much that we bought a bunch as stocking-stuffers .
 I 've had these night lights for almost a year , and they 're working great . I 'm ordering more of them to replace the old incandescent ones that I still have .
 After reading a few reviews I decided to purchase this night light , I 'm surprised at how bright it is , but since it 's led so it should n't use much electricity . I would recommend this product !
 Use these in our bathrooms . Good light - you can see without turning on the bright bathroom lights . Less than 2 dollars a year in electricity . Lasts thousands of hours .
 I bought 4 of these about 5 months ago , and they have all worked flawlessly . I gave them 4 stars out of 5 for two -LRB- minor -RRB- reasons . The light sensor is extremely sensitive , and the light stays on frequently during the day . Secondly , the ` dim ' setting is still very bright . These are very minor issues with an excellent product . I 'm going to order a couple more for other parts of the house . We have an oldster in our house , and need lots of night lights .
 I own many different types of LED nightlights . These are some of the better ones out there . Both in the package worked fine for me . I also bought the MLN-50 as well . It 's just a tad brighter . These are easier on the eyes ... less harsh looking due to the type of cover . They also do n't take up as much space on the electrical outlet . I recommend these !!!
 Getting two for the house is nice . The lamp setting comes in handy . I did not expect the product would work this good for the price . It works great . I gon na order two more pairs .
 I like these lights because you do n't need to change bulbs or batteries . They are bright enough to easily see your way in the night , and then they shut down when enough light hits them . Some people might find them too bright , but in my opinion they are just right .
 Thanks to J. Davis `` J. D. '' for his thorough review that encouraged me to order this nightlight . I 've looked at local stores and have not found anything as good . This little light is attractive and brighter than what we had been using . And it also goes on and off depending on the amount of light in the area . I am now planning to order more . Especially good to have in halls and stairways for low light and night time use .
 We purchased a total of 56 Maxxima nightlights for family and ourselves . We ordered 2 of each of the models I will cover below to test them and see which ones we liked . Then we ordered 46 more of the nightlights our families all preferred.This model MLN-15WL-02 LED Nightlight is GREAT ! It has a white cover and is easier on the eyes at night . It also lights the area so you can see to navigate throughout the dark very well . All of our families preferred this model we bought 48 of them -LRB- 24 two packs -RRB- including the first 2 test models . We purchased these nightlights in June , July and August of 2008 . We received 2 defective ones . Maxxima promptly replaced them . One would n't light at all and one only worked on low setting . I am writing this review on June 11th 2009 so it 's been about a year and none of them have burnt out -LRB- including the other models -RRB- . This model MLN-11-02 we use in our stairway we have it shinning down on the steps . It works well for that purpose . Good if you do n't want much light around the room or light hitting you in the face at night.Model MLN-10 LED nightlight is we would say the dimmest of the 5 models . It has a directional cover that you can spin around but we did not like this light . You can aim it down also . But through the vents in the top it has annoying beams of light that shine up.Model MLN-09 LED nightlight has a clear lens and is hard on the eyes at night . It lights the area pretty well . But we did not prefer this model of nightlightModel MLN-15CL-02 LED nightlight is a bright night light that lights up a room well . But this clear lens is also hard on the eyes at night . We did n't prefer this model.All of these models save energy ! And we all prefer the bluish white light they give off opposed to regular nightlights.we have owned these nightlights for 13 months so far there has been no failures .
 I bought this package of two , along with Maxima 's MLN-09 and MLN-10 . I like these the best , except that the switch on one of them is not working . It now will not turn on unless you are actively pressing the switch . I would return it , but I doubt it 's worth the time and money.I like these best because the others do n't have a light diffuser to provide a gentle light . The others expose the LED and are actually too bright at night when walking down the hallway . Since these are not so bright and intense , I put them in my girls bedroom.The sensor is not as sensitive as I would like . The area must be well lit from multiple windowns at mid-day before the sensor will turn the light off . Mine typically stay on for most of the day because of this . But heck , they consume MUCH less power in the long run than most other methods !
 INTRODUCTIONMy name is Al Massicotte -LRB- Alofbennington@yahoo.com -RRB- . I 'm a professional broad-spectrum product innovator . But like most people who would read an Amazon review , I simply want to buy an excellent product for an affordable price.As a safety-conscious consumer , I 've maintained an arsenal of nightlights throughout my house for the past 33 years . I 've been through countless nightlights of the incandescent and fluorescent kind . But my experience with the Maxxima MLN-15WL is limited to 16 units over the past 22 months.Fortunately , my profession gives me access to some meters and test equipment that can facilitate an in-depth study of the MLN-15WL . And I feel privileged to share my findings with the Amazon community , whose vast library of reviews has empowered me in the evaluation of hundreds of products.AUTO OFFThis nightlight includes a light sensor that shuts off the lamp when ambient illumination reaches a certain maximum point -LRB- max -RRB- . Then it turns the lamp on when ambient illumination reaches a certain minimum point -LRB- min -RRB- . The max and min are suitably separated . And that 's probably why I have observed no cusp flicker , an annoying , stroboscopic effect that another reviewer has noted.A value in turning the lamp off is to preserve the life of the LEDs . According to Wikipedia -LRB- Wikipedia.org -RRB- , the lifespan of an LED , unlike that of an incandescent lamp or fluorescent lamp , is not diminished by cycling . Accordingly for example , if the LEDs in the MLN-15WL have a good-performance lifespan of 1 year when operated 24 hours a day , that will be extended to 2 years when operated only 12 hours a day.But if you 're looking for this feature to save you energy , forget about it . Maxxima does not claim that Auto Off saves energy . And , in fact , my lab tests reveal that the fixture 's power consumption is no less with the light off than on.I am slightly distracted when a nightlight automatically turns on or off . My knee-jerk response is that trouble is looming . That 's probably owing to decades of experiencing this behavior in incandescent and fluorescent lamps only when they entered their death throws . So I have chosen to cover the light sensor with a '' square of black electrical tape . This assures that the fixture stays lit 24/7 . While this measure will increase the long-term cost of fixture replacement , it will not increase the cost of electricity.HI / LOThe nightlight has a two-position mechanical slide switch to enable some control over brightness . It gives the user a choice between `` Hi '' -LRB- maximum lighting -RRB- and `` Lo '' -LRB- throttled-down lighting -RRB- . On Hi the MLN-15WL produces a generous volume of light , 70 % that of a 4W incandescent nightlight . Nevertheless , the lamp 's ability to illuminate the immediate area should meet the expectations of most users in all locations throughout a house.Some reviewers have observed only a minuscule change in brightness by switching to Lo . But my lab measurements reveal that the amount of light generated is actually reduced by 32 % -LRB- 48 % that of a 4W incandescent nightlight -RRB- . While most folks may always want the nightlight to produce as much illumination as it can , others may be happier opting for Lo at some selected locations . But even without a switch one can usually lower any objectionable brightness by moving the nightlight to a different outlet , placing a vase or other object in front of it , or buying a nightlight that consumes even less power than the MLN-15WL . Regrettably , just as Auto Off saves no energy , switching from Hi to Lo does n't either . And the switch , especially because it is mechanical , invites failure.VARIABILITY BETWEEN SAMPLESWhen comparing 6 new fixtures , I found considerable variance in light generation . With all fixtures set to Hi , the dimmest fixture produced only 59 % as much light as the brightest . With all fixtures set to Lo , the dimmest fixture produced only 54 % as much light as the brightest.POWER CONSUMPTIONThe manufacturer claims a power consumption of 1.0 W. Were that the case , this would certainly be a frugal fixture . But the reality is even better . I found the actual power consumption to be 0.77 W , regardless of the brightness setting . And at 20 per KWh , that 's an annual cost of just $ 1.35 , no matter whether Auto Off is disabled or not.LIFESPANBoth the Maxxima website and Amazon 's `` Product description '' specify the MLN-15WL 's lifespan in glowing statements
 Works well . Bright - maybe even a tad too bright for a night light .
 I bought the two-pack of these night lights as I thought they seemed potentially decent for the price . I was right . They are not the brightest night lights you 'll find and you 're not going to shave in the bathroom or make a snack in the kitchen by only their light . You will , however , keep from stubbing your toe , fumbling around in the dark , or having to turn the light on just to make a trip to the bathroom or down the hall late at night.The automated sensors to turn the lights on or off seems to work great . They put out enough light to cover most of the kitchen in my apartment -LRB- it 's a rather large kitchen -RRB- and the two-sink and roman bath tub bathroom -LRB- so a little larger than the average apartment bathroom , but not by too much -RRB- . More importantly , the light is not annoying . I thought it may be a stark bright white light that hurt my eyes . It 's anything but that . The light it puts off seems almost ... gray . And there are two settings -- low and high -- that you can choose from for intensity.There may be better LED based night lights available out there , but for $ 10 - $ 20 , I 'm only going to spend so much time researching them . At some point you have to choose something and go with it . I went with these . While I ca n't yet comment on their life span , I 'm definitely impressed with their function and by the quality of build they seem to have.Update
 I was concerned that these would n't be bright enough , but they are brighter than the incandescent 4 watt nightlights they replaced . They have a low and a hight setting , but I usually just leave them on high . They give off plenty of light for doing whatever you have to do at night without having to turn on a light . They are also smaller than I thought they would be ; flatter than a standard nightlight , and only a little wider .
 Worked great ... ... ... ... . ...
 This material is hiighly reflective and increases my Honda 750 ACE 's visibility at night . However , if this is placed at an angle other than 90 degrees to the viewer the visibility is diminished a great deal . There is enough material to highlight more than one bike . You need a utility knife to cut this material , but it is easy to work with and comes with good instructions . Would have given a 5 rating if reflectivity was greater at a viewing angle of less than perpendicular . I think this is a good deal and would purchase again for safety 's sake . Shipping was very fast and all was as described .
 First I would like to say that the shipping on this item was outstanding . I received my item within 3 days after placing the order . Kudos to BikerHiway . Now for the review.The black reflective tape works as good as can be expected . It is BLACK , therefore it will not reflecte as much light as does white reflective tape . The same holds true for the Red reflective tape and any other non-white colors . I digress . The black tape does reflect light and is virtually unseen on black items . I have a black motorcycle and placed a few strips of this material at key spots and to the novice , would go unnoticed during the day . I used this on fiberglass and metal and the the material was easiy to apply ... just clean the spot first . I am not sure how well it will stick on soft items , such as saddlebags or seats.I would but this item again when needed . This is easily cut with sharp sissors .
 Product works great as advertised . I am a biker and applied it to my helmet to enhance my night visibility . Being that my helmet is black the tape is aesthetically compatible while still being highly reflective at night . Delivery also was timely . Good stuff !
 Works as advertised an I would order it again . Will save my life someday . I recommend it to any one
 Put this all over my bike , been on it for over a year and has n't even begun to peel or bubble . would buy again for sure .
 High visibility is a priority for riders especially at night and these stickers allow this in a more inconspicuous manner -LRB- as long as you have a black or dark area to attach them too -RRB- . Works well anywhere you want to be illuminated by oncoming lights . Picture in the example is not exaggerated these are good quality reflectors .
 Quick shipping , no issues . I put it on the back of my helmet - it 's easy to cut and flexible enough that it can be stretched a little to match the curves better . Shining a flashlight from about 20 feet away in a dark room makes it light up , I have n't tested it under car headlights yet . It disappears well enough in daylight , but you can still see it 's there so do n't expect it to vanish completely . It has n't been on long enough to see how it 'll hold up over time , but so far I like it .
 This product is wonderful ! I ran out of the tape before I ran out of places/things to apply it to . As other reviewers have stated it does not reflect as much when viewed straight on , AT CLOSE RANGE , but when viewed at over 100 ft , or so it seems to reflect quite well from all angles.This product is easily modified with sharpe scissors and have some fun with a sharpie pen to mask/draw on the tape as well.I applied it to my vinal wet weather gear and the back of my vinal seat , and it sticks very well and seems to hold up to a lot of bending.I definitely will buy more , and think it is a great product !
 The product seems to work as suggested ! I received it on time and I 'm very happy with it 's application.Thankschris
 Placed this on the sides of my truck bed & lower frame of my Harley & I can not believe how well they reflect light .
 received the item promptly and i t does what it says . it 's a semi gloss black and with a dark basement test at 20/30/40 feet with a flashlight , replaced to white/grayish white depending on the angle . i imagine a headlight would light it up . On my black bike I want to do some rear fender graphics that would only show at night . Cool stuff .
 Easy to use , works like they said , fair price , great shipping speed , what more can you ask ? I sure will recomend this product to my riding friends .
 This stuff is awesome , as far as reflective tape goes.I especially like the 4 '' wide - I cut out patterns and put them on the back of my saddlebags and riding jacket .
 I like to ride a largish scooter , and being seen is highly desirable , especially at night . This kit has a variety of sizes of highly reflective black tape . Initially , I decorated my helmet and my scooter with various pieces of black tape , by putting pieces of this product over surfaces which were already black . The various spots with an extra coat of black are almost invisible in daylight , but when lights hit any of them , the black tape turns bright white.Fortunately , I have had no problems with motor vehicles violating my space , so I hope the reflective tape is helping other motorists to see me.This seems to be a good product , so if you need to be seen on the roadway at night , this is the next best thing to active lighting .
 This is exactly what I was looking for.It 's black so it blends with my motorcycle helmet and hard hats , but reflects brightly at night .
 I just applied my reflective tape to my helmet , saddle-bags , and jacket and I am blow away by the quality of this tape ! I tested the helmet and jacket by placing them at the end of my 25 foot hallway , turning off all the lights , and shining a flashlight on the items . My helmet has a patch of white reflective tape and the white is brighter , but the black tape reflects almost as well . I tested the saddle-bags from my driveway and was also very very pleased , this will definitely make me more visible at night . Note that the tape is glossy and will stand out a little on a matte -LRB- flat -RRB- black surface , but it looks fine to me and is well worth it . I 'll be buying more soon to put on my vest and cold weather coat !
 I wish I found this product earlier . The reflectity of the tape supprised me when I tested it . Was enough to do both hard saddlebags and plenty left over for other areas of concern .
 Great product . Used it to make a few things just a bit more safe as well as to cover faux chrome making it not only black but reflective as well .
 I purchased this compressor because a small , light-weight unit appealed to me . Rather than lugging around my 50lb Emglo for smaller jobs , the thought of having a small unit made sense to me . The unit arrived intact and I immediately put it to use on a small 300 sq ft flooring job . It ran my BOSTITCH Flooring Cleat nailer at 80 psi with no problems . It is suprisingly quiet , light and easy to carry . Needless to say it worked fine with my finish nailer as well . While it will not replace my primary compressor , it 's going to be nice on those jobs where high volume psi is not required . Out of curiosity , I 'll probably try it out on my framing gun to see how it performs .
 This unit is extremely quiet . Runs a trim nailer with NO PROBLEM . I have a Husky , Porter Cable that I use in my business until now . They will be in the employee vans and this one in MY van . -LRB- Get the picture -RRB-
 This is a great compressor , it has pently of power to drive brads and finish nails .
 This is a great compresser for nail guns , you can take it any where and it quiet !!! Wish I had it years ago !!!
 I am using a Senco 1 gal air compressor and a friend of mine uses this Trim air product and he likes it . It charges quicker and holds a little more air but is just a bit noisier than the Senco . It is still quiet enough for indoor use with a nail gun or texture sprayer . Worth the money and the best thing about this product is that it only weighs 20 lbs . just like the Senco compressor . As for the plastic cover it seems to hold up and protects the inside components well
 We purchased this lamp to use as a work light for doing crafts , reading , etc. . Its main virtues are that it has halogen bulbs that can be oriented and the brightness can be adjusted . The lamp is very elegant and made of good materials . It came in a large box but needed to be assembled . We never could find the instructions but eventually figured out how to assemble it . The one problem was that where the top part fit into the main stand we should have placed a large screw ; however , the hole was misshaped so we could not insert the screw . This does not affect the function of the lamp as long as you are not in the habit of carrying it around by the top . If you do the bottom might fall off . Overall , this lamp seems to be a good value . Especially when compared to the really junky lamps out there .
 Easy to pop open and install the inner-frame . It looks gorgeous in my room , would probably be helpful if it included a small hook to screw into the ceiling , but it did n't matter . I 'll be buying the rest of these.This does NOT come with a light , which is fine by me .
 Great product I have bought these Mega Fuses and Mega fuse holders for years and have never had a problem with quality or fit.They can be used for various types of circuit protection and a varity of enviroments.I like them and highly recommend !
 Only place i could find this , except at dealer for 3 times the price . Worked perfectly .
 It is in good condition . I just do n't like that it releases heat . So it makes me feel hot . But it 's good .
 Length :
 There are several different types of wasps - around here , we call the smaller ones ` meat bees ' -LRB- misnomer , but they look more like bees than wasps -RRB- as they are attracted to meat - in my case , cat food . I tried most of the other types of wasp traps , and the rescue non-disposable -LRB- w/cartridge -RRB- works very well for the larger wasps , but does not attract these smaller ones.This trap does , and is VERY effective.Before you order , try to identify what type of wasps you are trying to eliminate , or , as I did , get several different ones , and see which works for you .
 I 've tried these traps in several locations , and I think I 've found the trick
 I read the hit or miss reviews on this product and decided to give it a try , especially on the advice from a SoCal person -LRB- I 'm in NorCal -RRB- who said it works great for meat bees . We have cat food outside for our cat -LRB- and apparently the rest of the neighborhood cats too ! -RRB- and have grown tired of the meat bees immediately butting in not even giving our cat a chance to finish his food . I put it up about 10 minutes ago and several are already trapped . It 's amazing how quickly it worked , it started with the few that were around and then all the sudden there 's a ton of them and most of them are going into the trap.It seems like it is hit or miss but with me it was a hit ! By the way , for the review haters out there , I do n't work for the company , I 'm just your average guy trying to keep the yellow jackets away from his cat 's food.I would buy this product again .
 First off , if you have yellow jackets you need this trap ! We had one around for a couple years , but this summer the little devils started to bother us so I hung it up . Little did I know ! I thought there might be a dozen or so . Well ! On the side of the trap are indicator lines 1/2 '' apart and the statement that 1/2 '' equals around 300 jackets . If that is accurate then we caught over 1000 critters in the first week !! That pretty much bagged the whole outfit bacause in the following week there were almost none . Needless to say , I ordered more and will always have a couple on hand . By the way , if you 've never used these , I would suggest setting them up either early morning or late evening when they are not active because they REALLY LIKE the lure and will show up immediatly ! This is a must have if you live in yellow jacket country !
 there is a fly trap also , same price , besides this yellowjacket one . They both work fabulous . We have thrown away our cans of wasp spray , I promise you wo n't catch anything but the yellowjackets and hornets in this kind ... no moths or gnats to fill it up . The fly bag even caught a few yellowjackets . We put bags down in our orchard as well.Bees -LRB- honey and bumble -RRB- stay away so we do n't lose bees , just the predator yellowjackets and hornets , or flies accordingly . Have had to change the filled up bags every couple days , but they are not bothering us and stinging us and late ; ly we have n't seen any around where we are , just around the bags . With both types of bags , the critters are sitting at the top of the bag and fighting with each other -- just ca n't wait to get in ! AMAZING PRODUCT!This is the best bag systems we have ever used and we get tons and tons of hornets and yellowjackets . WELL WORTH THE MONEY !
 Our yellow jacket population suddenly blossomed a week or so ago . The traps I had been using , the hard plastic cylinder ones , were catching some , but lots got by . So I decided to try a couple of others.These came yesterday , and this morning when the yellow jackets were bothering the kids in the sandbox we put one up . Literally before we could get it hung up the yellow jackets were swarming around it , and within ten minutes it was half full.Our order for six more is already in . If the rest work as well as the first one , these will be a lifesaver !
 What a great product ! I personally hate listening to my kids screaming during the summer because of wasps or bees flying around , not to mention the extra volume they can produce when they do get stung , so this product is amazing and wonderful . It works like a charm and I can enjoy my backyard in peace , well for the most part because the kids in the neighborhood along with mine can get a little loud on the ears lol
 Good trap , very bad year this year for these bees . This trap was so good I had to wait until night and hang it quickly . The bees were going after it before I could hang it . Worked very well and cought alot of bees ! Hang in an area away from where from pets and humans will be active . I hung it 1.5 feet off the ground .
 Fill trap with apple juice and water and hang up on a bush . This worked so well that after I bought one , I ordered four more . Well worth it .
 worked great used one this summer , last year i always had yellow jackets at my back door.This year I used this little trap and kept it filled with a mixture of apple juice and water . it worked all summer and caught over 500 yellow jackets . They went to the trap rather than flying inside the house
 I actually tried two types of traps ; one I made from instructions off of the internet -LRB- with meat and soapy water -RRB- , and I also bought this disposible Rescue trap . I must say , the Rescue trap started catching Yellow Jackets immediately while the other home made trap did nothing . I used diluted apple juice as a liquid and put it on my deck in direct sunlight . So far , it has worked very well and for the price its well worth it .
 I ordered 3 different traps and this one was by far the best . The others captured a few wasps , but this one was full of the suckers . Easy to set up and really works . I wish it came with a string to hang it - but that was n't a big a deal .
 After an outdoor gathering at my home was shut down by a wasp armada , I called in the big dog
 Had one of these up for just over a week . Its quickly filling up with dead wasps . Almost too effective - wondering if l 'm bringing all the neighbors wasps to my garden?Main negative is that its a bag full of water and dead insects hanging from a tree - difficult to move once you 've set it .
 Lots of paper wasps and yellowjackets in the backyard this year , my old trap was n't keeping up . I was skeptical about a flimsy looking bag trap , but minutes after my husband put it up -LRB- on one of my decorative shephard 's crooks , but oh well -RRB- ... the yellowjackets were swirling around it like O'hare Airport on Christmas Eve.I 'm buying more of these traps . Just wish they came with a wire or string for hanging , my own heavy twist ties do the trick , still would be nice to have one included .
 I love this spud wrench . Wide opening jaws on a 10 '' wrench allow me to use it on larger fasteners in tight spaces . One of the most used tools in my inventory for its versatility .
 I found this little spud wrench and thought I would give it a try . This is a must in any mechanics or iron workers box . I have several now and so does everyone on my crew .
 This wrench is a perfect size for those of us who are not professional iron workers - a quality tool correctly scaled for general purpose fitting/bolting/aligning ; not so large you tire of carrying and using it.Buy a Crescent .
 The wrench is well made and machined nicely . I am putting up 2 metal buildings and the wrench is great to align the holes and hold the nuts .
 This wrench is just as durable as the ones we 've found at Home Depot , etc. - but at a much lower cost ! My husband works in construction , and says this wrench works just as well as its more expensive counterparts . In some cases , more expensive tools are worth it , but not this time !
 Excellent US spec quality . Build to last for generation . good size that it will fit into tight space .
 This thing Works ! Gets the common house fly and those vicious biting flys . Man , I HATE those things ! They NEVER GIVE UP ! The rescue FTA-SF4 is also reuseable . You do have to buy more of the stinky stuff you mix in the water that attracts the flys.I Did not give it 5 stars because it needs to be bigger to hold more flys . I have to empty mine every week which means you have to put more of the stinky powder in it . Which means more $ . But hey , IT WORKS !
 The Disposable Rescue fly trap does work better , but you have to refill it 3x as often and I had one fail on me , getting that stinky smell all over me . I have used this version for many years and it always works . -LRB- Well , after about 10 years in the sun , one did dry and crack and finally failed . -RRB- Other than that , they do trap a lot of flys . Note
 This trap has served its intended purpose . I am in Miami , Florida and we have a problem with houseflies in my area . After 3 days this trap is almost full !! Each day it seems to attract more , especially the young ones , killing them before they have a change to reproduce . No the stuff inside does n't smell great , but it 's tolerable unless you have a weak stomach when it comes to smells . Well worth it to be rid of the flies ! Just keep it downwind and you 'll be fine . I 'm not sure why someone would try to use this inside when it clearly says for outdoor use and I did n't try hanging it so can not comment on the strength of the lid .
 This fly trap is so odorus that it can not be opened and reused ! WE DO N'T EVEN ATTEMPT TO REUSE IT ! Very disgusting smell that you can not rinse off . We keep ours in the shade in a far corner of the yard all Summer , and it works for the WHOLE season , keeping the yard completely free of flys . Then just dispose of it carefully - we wear disposable gloves and seal it in a plastic trash bag before putting it in the garbage . A great value for the money . Recommended !
 Length :
 Flies are super common in the Fall where we live . While poison-based solutions work great , the Reusable Fly Trap is the only no poison trap that keeps the fly population at bay . It works simply
 Smells bad , but it works great ! I did end up buying the disposable ones after this one though , because washing it out by hand was disgusting .
 Unlike some reviewers we 've had tremendous success with these traps . We did eventually upgrade to their much larger `` Pop Bottle '' size since these smaller versions fill to capacity too quickly . Yes , they do stink , an acceptable condition since that 's what attracts the flies -- just do n't hang them downwind or where where they 'll be objectionable . Also , follow the directions , such as placing them where flies are already concentrated , and exposing in direct sunlight ; they 're also designed to catch houseflies , not stable or other types of flies . Thousands of flies enter , and very few if any depart!With a trap located to the far end of both our front and back decks we virtually eradicated this year 's unusually large fly population around our remotely located country home in about a month , probably totalling 2 or 3 pounds of insects ! Since they hang in the sun , the water content needs to be monitored and brought up to the correct level once a week or so . They 're easily emptied and flushed , infinitely less problematic than the so-called `` re-usable '' bag type traps put out by the same company . It takes several days for the dissolving bait to become effective , and we just let the flies pile up in the trap until the bottle 's about half full of insects and maggots before dumping out in the woods.Our only `` problem '' , one that exists with any of the scent-baited traps , is that the admittedly strong odor sometimes invites bears to tear them down , which can make for an especially disgusting clean-up if not hung with forethought -LRB- NOT over your BBQ , or brickwork , or potted plants , up against a house wall , etc. -RRB- ! They could be hung higher , out of a bear 's reach , but that would also place them away from the level at which the flies tend to hover , and make servicing the traps more difficult .
 Did not buy this at amazon . bought at home depot , but will buy again here . Yes , it stinks . But it works like a charm . Do n't understand other reviews that are negative . This thing caught , I do n't know , maybe fifty flies it 's first day out . The smell , to me , smells like bone meal which is a plant fertilizer . Anyway , flies seem to love it . They crawl inside the little holes and drown in the water . Ignore the negative reviews . Buy two or three .
 4th day , 0 flies . I even placed it right next to flies . Only noticeable difference is its foul smell -LRB- when you get close to it -RRB- . Update
 I keep chickens so my family can have organic eggs , but with barnyard animals there is always poo ... and flies . I put this fly trap on top of my coop and within a few days I had an inch of dead flies and noticeably fewer flies around the henhouse . There is a slight smell - but the coop is not near the house so that is n't a problem . In the dry Arizona climate poo dries quickly and the flies turn to the trap . I plugged two of the intake holes because I wanted to slow down the evaporation rate and though I add more water every few weeks to a month as it dries out , flies keep coming back to die ! If you do n't have a weak stomach just use a garden scoop to remove the floating corpses and keep on catching . You can buy refill packets at home and garden shops and reuse the sturdy plastic container . If you are ever finished with it you can recycle the plastic . That makes this a ` Green ' product in my book ! Reduce , Reuse and Recycle !
 I ordered this product because I have a small patio and was bothered with the flies . I put the container on the side of the house and it has made a difference in the patio . The container is full in just a few weeks , however , there are a lot of flies buzzing around , the further away from the house you can place it the better . I have n't emptied it out yet and I 'm not looking forward to it . I have ordered the disposable ones now so I do n't have to deal with that part . Highly recommend .
 Living next to a field , my greyhounds were bothered by flies every time they went outside . I found this at a hardware store and gave it a try . I know it 's reusable , but I just buy a new one when I need it . Be sure not to hang it close to where you sit outside , or upwind from your garden . It smells , but that 's what attracts flies . My hardware store could n't keep them in stock , so I bought enough for a year from Amazon .
 The fly trap does an excellent job of catching fly . Basically you just fill it up and then flys enter and cant get out ! Its worth the money .
 This really works . Trapped hundreds of flies in 2 days ! Highly recommended.Yeah , it 's smelly . We just keep it away from areas where we congregate .
 It smells disgusting and is certainly not for inside use . It works , however . I have had it for a week now and I have about an inch worth of flies floating in it . I put it in the corner of my back yard so that it 'd be far enough away so I would n't smell it but that it would still attract the flies that hang out in my yard . Fly problem solved .
 Works great , make sure you clean it once in a while ... otherwise , it will get gross .
 I have a small flock of chickens in an urban backyard and they attract a lot of flies . Since I hate flies and was also concerned about annoying my neighbors , I set this trap up near the chicken coop . I had the same problem as several other reviewers at first , where the flies would go in and then come out again . A little research revealed the problem . The powder has to dissolve well in the water and this does not happen if you use cold water . The instructions on the trap do not specify warm water , but the Rescue website does . I solved the problem by shaking the trap gently a few times during the first couple days and putting it in the sun . As soon as the powder really dissolved , the flies stayed trapped . I was surprised how well it worked and the flies seem to prefer it to the coop . If I had a big enough trap , I think it would catch every fly in the neighborhood!Emptying the trap was unpleasant , as expected , but I like that it 's reusable . The trap does not have to be rinsed , just emptied . A few dead flies in the refilled trap do n't hurt anything . Luckily , flies are n't smart enough to be afraid when they see another fly has died in there .
 Works great but NEVER get downwind of it , , , , , wheeeeeew it will tip ur gag meeter to the red zone .
 I have owned several of these for a couple of years now . We have horses and the associated manure pile . If you have horses , you have flies.These traps smell like rotting garbage . If they smelled like petunias they would n't work . They need to smell like what the flies want . Hang them down wind if possible , but their location will have a great deal to do with their effectiveness . In our case , a couple near the manure pile and a couple more between that and the house has decimated the fly population.Some other caveats also apply . Emptying these things when they become filled with rotting , disintegrating fly carcasses is gross beyond all recall . They hold literally tens of thousands . If you hang them in a dry , sun exposed location , you will have to add water to compensate for the evaporation . If you hang them where they are exposed to rain they may fill up with water . Just dump out the excess -LRB- this is also gross -RRB- . If you find a location that 's ideal you will be rewarded with a grimm harvest that is beyond imagination . Do n't think you 're going th hang these inside or anywhere where you 'll get a whiff.All that said , I wouldn 'd trade them . If you use them within their limits , you wo n't be disappointed . Anyway , what 's your risk ... 7 bucks ?
 Yes , this thing stinks like 10 years worth of garbage . Heck with something that stink you 're BOUND to attract flies . You might even save some money leaving out the bait and just putting garbage inside . But hey , it works . lots of flies dead inside . Outdoor use only , and FAR from your window .
 BEST item they came out with , next to the trap it self , that these goes into . Used 5 of them this summer , putting out last April for the queens , and have found , like the old liquid attractant , you can add a little water through the top opening and it just keeps on working all summer long . Have all five still working and it is now September 9 . They are still attracting yellow jackets . I have to empty my traps on a weekly basis even now !!
 We just built a house in the woods , and could n't sit long on our new deck or patio without being hassled by bees & wasps . I bought several traps , and maintained them as instructed from spring through fall . My results : Rescue WHYTR-BB8 W-H-Y Trap For Wasps , Hornets and Yellow Jacketswas hands-down the best , never failing to catch at least a dozen wasps , hornets and yellow jackets per week . The refills -LRB- Sterling Intl. . WHYTA-DB12 Wasp , Hornet & Yellow Jacket Trap -RRB- contain 3 different lures and last 2-3 weeks -LRB- tip
 This works like a charm . Non-toxic , and the wasps fill up the trap , staying away from our patio.We have tried many other kinds of wasp traps , but this is the only one we like.Delivery fast , no problem .
 I always have many wasps . One year caught 1004 queens . I have to empty my traps at least once a week . I have 12 traps out . I live on a ranch and the water for the horses attract the pests and that where the traps come in . Excellent product .
 In years past , before setting these traps , our house was swarmed by hundreds , if not thousands , of wasps and yellow jackets . We had dozens of their nests on and around the house . It was horrible . We could hardly hang out on the deck outside at all . And we , and our dogs , were stung when inadvertently getting near one of their nests.When I put three of these traps up in the EARLY spring , so as to hopefully catch the queens before nests were created , we caught hundreds of them in these traps . We get an occasional wasp now , but that 's fine . We are not swarmed and as far as I can tell there are no nests.The first year we used these , last year , we put them up in the middle of the summer . We caught a lot even that way , but it worked MUCH better setting them up in the EARLY spring , like March.Thanks to these babies we can spend time on our deck again . I only wish there were a way to deal with this problem without killing . I do n't kill lightly , but this problem was too horrible and something had to be done . The only other solution I could think of was to move ! And that is not realistic .
 This 10-week version consistently works better and longer than five each 2-week versions that come with most traps . It is also much easier to handle .
 This is the best and cleanest product of it 's type . It works longer than the liquid viles and cotton type refils.I 'm glad I have several of their old traps.Haven ' t seen any at Lowe 's or Walmart for quit some time . And their Wasp-Yellow Jacket traps do n't work as well and much more hassle and expensive to use .
 I put my trap out in April to get the Queens , but it caught the noon sun and no hornets . So I moved it to a shady but open area and I caught a Queen the first day . I checked it again the next day and two more were in the trap . So , far I have no nests around my house and have 15 assorted yellow-faced corpses in the trap . I have tried many traps and this one is the best.Rescue YJTR-SF4 Reuseable Yellowjacket Trap with AttractantRescue YJTC-SF9 Yellow Jacket Attractant CartridgeBTW good honey bees are not interested in the attractant .
 This cartridge does the trick , for sure . At the end of its lifespan -LRB- the advertised 10 weeks -RRB- there were about fifty yellowjackets in the trap , which is great ! Next spring I plan on putting a few of these out in the yard to hopefully attract the larger queens to avoid having new nests built .
 In a prolonged war with yellow jackets in my yard , this cartridge -LRB- and the trap it goes in -RRB- is a powerful weapon . As I empty the trap every few days , I keep thinking that some yellow jacket queen somewhere is wringing her little yellow jacket hands and saying `` Where are all the workers going ? I want answers ! I ca n't keep up this pace of making yellow jacket babies ! `` Every few days , I put the trap full of critters in the freezer for half an hour because there are usually a bunch of still-living and annoyed yellow jackets inside . Once they 're frozen I dispose of the yellow jackets , thoroughly wash the trap out , add a little water to the attractant cartridge and hang it again . I also include a piece of lunch meat and a slice of fruit as additional bait just to make sure all the little buggers bring their friends to the party . I easily catch hundreds of yellow jackets every week just in one trap . In mid-summer , I was catching hundreds per day on some days.I keep telling myself that I eventually have to run out of yellow jackets . I 'll hang it again in early spring and try to catch the queen herself . Then she 'll finally know what 's been happening to all her greedy little workers .
 Rescue YJTC_SF9 Yellow jacket attractant cartridge works ! We have used it at our house now for two years . My wife used to get stung while gardening . The Large variety of yellow jacket just goes for her . The Rscue traps work to nip the population . WE put the traps out before the snow is gone and keep them up late in the fall . Thanks for a great product ! The product may be stored for long periods of time as it has no expiration date if the original packing is undamaged.I love being able to buy so many items through Amazon .
 I bought the trap and used the liquid that you put on the cotton balls and caught at least 15 yellowjackets including a huge one I hope was a queen . I had also bought this 3 month refill at Walmart when I bought the trap and put it in today . There were a couple yellowjackets going after the wet cat food that I put out . I went out an hour later and there were 2 yellowjackets in the trap and none by the cat food . So , it really works .
 We first used it last summer and were very pleased with how many wasps ended up in the trap and not in our yard or home .
 For the last serveral years I had an increasing problem with yellow jackets on my property . I always thought I could simply leave them alone and not be troubled , but that stopped for me when they invaded my patio umbrella . I got stung putting away the umbrella and a few days later ended up in the urgent care with a swollen wound on my knee.Early this spring I purchased this attractant with the trap , and reloaded the attractant in July . It is now early August and I have had very little yellow jacket activity near my house . However , in the trap at the far edge of my property there are 100 + dead and trapped yellow jackets ! Even the most attractive nesting sites on my property are empty this year , and the few nests that I have found seem tiny and abandoned .
 This attractant works excellent for YJ 's and I have been using Recue successfully for several years . Easy to place and reusable units and these cartridges can be easily resused by adding liguid from the less expensive plastic refills . However , I believe these cartridges last longer and are a better value . Great price at Amazon . Must be used in the effective Rescue canisters . They really work great !! Highly recommend!Great and effective product for YJ 's only . No food attracts hornets and really foul smelly stuff attracts flies , but this is great for YJ 's . Other wasps and hornets are attracted to the activity but they like fresh meat/bugs . Fly catchers -LRB- stinky bags -RRB- attract hornets and wasps to the live bugs . I have used these for many years . Use these units with the larger 10 week cartridge , and place the small pack bait -LRB- available at Amazon -RRB- on it when it gets weak , reuse with this type of cheaper bait in the larger cartridge each year , but check that there are no webs covering the bottom holes and/or internal cone hole , or YJ 's will leave . It works very well to catch queens looking to build nests in April , and keep them out until Sept. to get workers of queens that were missed . Very effective . Move to another location if no luck in 2 weeks , or if very few are caught . Load indoors or after sunset , or you might get stung . Hint , this old fish smell works well in the spring , sweet attractant works better before hybernation in the fall in a different type of catcher ; one you can put juice , beer , or other sweet attractant , with a drop of soap , recharge with water but add a drop of non-fragrant dish soap as it evaporates .
 For the past five years I have used both the Rescue Trap and the WHY Trap , and this cartridge DOES work in both styles of trap . I used the attractant that is sold with the WHY Trap and it is not nearly effective as the Rescue cartridge attractant for the following reasons
 Great product . Since putting it in our trap we catch yellow jackets by the dozen
 I have 2 Yellow Jacket traps around my house . The traps come with attractant that only lasts a few weeks . This refill is what you want to have in your trap because it works for a few months . I replaced the orginal attractant with this and it keeps trapping those pesty yellow jackets 2 months later . Sounds jaded , but it makes me happy to see my trap full of dead yellow jackets and it 's because of this refill .
 I have used this to get rid of literally 1000 's of Yellow Jackets / hornets !
 This flytrap DOES make a noticeable difference . Safe for my Cats and dogs ! My yard , 60x40 feet , used to have flies buzzing and biting and getting in the house , all the time . Since I put this about 20 feet from the patio and back door , the flies have been minimal . It DOES have a slight bad aroma , but just keep it downwind ! I 've had to empty the container twice -LRB- June , July 2007 -RRB- ... both times with thousands of flies in it . Filled top to bottom in the container so that not one more fly could even enter the top . That is no joke . . yes it was that full both times . The secret is keeping it with at least two inches of water at all times . It will last about 3 weeks in my yard before getting 100 % full . No , need to dump it every few days , just keep the water in it . You can even strain the flies out and re-use the attractant . Works best in warmer weather . Safe enough to take camping , which I do . Just never , ever let it get dried , or it stops working . The flies must drown ! They ca n't get back out . The older the attractant , the better it works . Bees are disappearing at an alarming rate . . seen one lately ?? If you make your own attractant , it may kill the bees also -LRB- thus no pollination of the flowers -RRB- . . use their attractant to attract the flies only .
 I received the Rescue Reuseable Fly Trap Attractant before the actual trap arrived.Being so disgusted by the flies this year I decided to go ahead and CAREFULLY mix the attractant in an old glass pickle jar that had been cleaned well . The jar still has a large label/sticker on the outside so maybe that is helping a little by disguising the fate awaiting the flies?I put out the pickle jar about 1/2 full of plain hose water & the attractant -LRB- one packet of attractant -RRB- in a very sunny spot by plants the flies seem to like to rest on.The very next morning the `` trap '' had 1/2 dozen of the buggers in it & the jar continues to fill up.When the actual trap arrives in a day or so I will use it also , just in a different part of the garden.The attractant is SUPER stinky ... . what ever you do , do not get it on your hands or anything else except in the container you plan to use.With that said , I highly recommend this product for catching flies . ****** a few days later ****** I put the lid on the jar with 5 or 6 holes that I stabbed through the lid , purposefully leaving the metal shards bent inwards , and the `` pickle jar fly trap '' is 1/2 full . Seriously , HALF FULL of disgusting flies that are no longer buzzing around my dog or my yard . Meanwhile , the actual `` fly trap '' jar has only about 1/4 the amount of flies in it . Do n't know why , each has the same attractant . All I know is , it works better in the pickle jar for some reason.I 'm back to re-order more attractant to make sure we do n't run out .
 This product has , unfortunately been fased out . I purchased the ones for this review on line since Home Depot can no longer get them . This is the best working fly trap that I have found . The only negative being that it does have an increasingly bad odor . The unit needs to be cleaned and refilled faithfully .
 Just make sure you place it far away from humans , hehe . It does smell rather bad , but it does the job . I hung mine from a tree branch a good 25 yards from the back porch .
 I just started using this product but so far am very happy with it . Seems like it will work out fine in getting rid of the gnats I have in the summer .
 Rescue FTA Fly Trap Attractant works great . Using new attractant in the reusable bottle is much more economical than the disposable traps . While there is a little odor close to the bottle , it can be used safely around pets where you would n't want to use poisonous sprays and powders . And it really works !
 Have used this product for years with good results . Be careful when disposing of the residue because the odor is nasty -LRB- which the flies love -RRB- . Will continue buying this attractant as long as I have a barn and animals , which should be years . Recommend purchasing product directly from Amazon for a quick , correct order .
 Drop it in the jar and fill with water , the bags falls apart when it comes into contact with water . Meaning ... no mess for you ... just drop and fill it with water ... and tada . trap is ready to kill again .
 These fly traps are amazing ... so simple ... so effective . I have trapped literally thousands and thousands of flys in my garden areas ...
 As long as you place this UPWIND it is a very effective fly disposable bait . . but WOW if u catch a whiff of it , a good gag or 4 is happening . ROFL I send FRIENDS to replace , but running out of friends to sucker into refilling the trap : -LRB-
 This stuff works great does n't smell the best so hang it away from the house !!!
 Ok yea it achieves it 's purpose and all , but I ca n't give it 5 stars because of how much this thing stinks . You can kill the dead with this scent . Keep it far from you when in use . Actually even in it 's packaging you simply ca n't get away from that scent . Other than that it works .
 I read some of the reviews from folks who did n't catch anything in these traps . I can only guess that their flying insects are not yellow jackets . I put this up , walked inside , picked up my binoculars to watch , and there were already 3 buzzing the trap . I have to empty it weekly . End of problem for my hummingbirds .
 This works amazing ! Use the 10 week bait supply to you do n't have to keep putting new bait in . I have been using it for 4 years Before I bought it the first year I had so many yellow jackets I could not go out at dusk ! I got this I caught over 500 + my first year ! Each year there after I catch 200-300 . I never see them flying around anymore & no longer worry ! Just make sure you hang it in a sunny & slightly breezy location to catch the most !
 This trap works pretty well , and is easy to operate . The cost of the replacement cartridges is a little steep , and the attractant does n't seem to last too long -LRB- 6-8 days -RRB- , so order/buy extra attractant . If you are only into trapping soldier yellow jackets , it works , Could n't draw any queens , though . Fun entertainment !
 We bought the trap thinking that it would at least get rid of some of the yellow jackets . Yesterday afternoon , we set it up . Be careful of the little packet of liquid ; it 's really strong.Only a few hours later , they were running around the inside looking for a way out . This morning we checked the trap and there were about twenty dead yellow jackets in the bottom . I did n't even read the directions , so I was worried it would n't work , but it 's fine . -LRB- I put the cotton inside the trap instead of in the provided cup , but that is n't an issue . -RRB- Much recommended for anyone who ca n't stand yellow jackets.A tip to those who ca n't figure out where to put it
 Very effective yellowjacket trap . I 've got two in my yard and they fill up so fast , I have to empty them both every third week or so . I 'm in California and the trap catches western and common yellowjackets .
 very good traps and very easy to care for - needs just to have more of the sentas it is used up very fast - this year was the heaviest with bees ever and thetraps did an '' Excellent '' job .
 Set it up last night and i got about a dozen of em in one day !!! Oh btw im having a wasp problem not a yellow jacket prob ... but it works great so far . I did buy the attractant insert from the same brand and put it in instead of the stuff it came with seems like the way to go .
 well its been hanging for two days with the supplied bait.must be twenty of them in there.i am sitting on the the deck not being assaulted.i would say this trap is excellent.scott
 I live in Colorado mountains and have problems with yellow jackets on my outdoor deck and surrounding areas . Have tried several types of traps and this one is by far the best . I have 5 of them hanging in trees about 40 feet from deck . I have to empty traps every week I catch so many yellow jackets . Traps have dramatically reduced yellow jacket activity around my deck . I can sit on the deck during the day again .
 My family and I had recently been annoyed by yellow jackets while we tried to have meals on our back deck . I do n't know where the little buggers came from , but in the course of a couple of weeks they went from being a non-issue to becoming a real problem . I thought a trap might help cut down on the population or at least divert the yellow jackets ' attention away from our table.As instructed , I baited the trap with the included attractant and the suggested piece of deli turkey . I walked outside to hang the trap on a tree branch a little ways away from my patio . I literally finished knotting the string with several yellow jackets having appeared out of nowhere and buzzing quizzically around me . I moved to a safe distance and , within two minutes , counted more than 20 yellow jackets excitedly investigating the trap . At five minutes , it was practically swarming . By morning , there must have been 200 greedy little guys trapped in there . I had no idea there were so many yellow jackets in my yard!The only drawback is that I 'm worried I 'll need to empty the trap today or tomorrow and the level of yellow jacket activity in and around the trap is truly hazardous . I may have to go get it in the middle of the night when the outside temperature is much cooler in hopes that any living prisoners will be sluggish . I 've thought about employing the fabled tobacco smoke method to see if it will calm them - or me - as I unscrew the cap to empty the casualties and replace the turkey bait.Whether or not I escape unscathed from this war I have declared , I 'm confident that this trap will , in coming weeks , significantly cut down on the yellow jacket population in and around my yard . So far , I 'm very satisfied with the purchase . I only wish it came with a beekeeper 's protective suit.UPDATE ... 2.5 weeksAfter having had this trap active for a couple of weeks , I remain very impressed with its ability to attract and trap yellow jackets . I have emptied the full trap three times now . Each time I emptied it , I have moistened the cotton ball -LRB- which should n't even be working any more at this point -RRB- and added a slice of deli turkey and wedge of peach to the bait spikes . The trap hums with activity all day long.A quick tip for emptying an active trap
 This trap is flawless and brilliant . It works perfectly . The trap cleared up an incessant bee problem around out deck without fail .
 This is the best wasp trap I have ever used ! I have tried several others to no prevail . My most recent one has caught one wasp in the past two weeks . This one however , was a sight to behold . I have had it up for six days now and I have lost count of how many wasps I have caught . I believe there are about 15 in there , and still coming ! It is really nice that the trap comes with an attractant refill so that I do n't have to buy a whole new trap and it continues working throughout the summer . There is no detectable odor to humans , and trap is very efficient . I would highly recommend it !
 I actually bought this trap from Lowes not here but got ta say I am impressed . I live in an area surrounded by orange groves in S. CA and there are a ton of flying insects everywhere . We have a nice BBQ area and a outdoor pavilion that I was trying to keep clear . I bought it because it seemed easy enough . I put it together and made sure to hang it far enough away from doorways and food eating areas as the directions stated . I did not think it would work that far away but is says it works for quite a big area . In just 4 days it has caught so many wasps/hornets etc. . . that I was actually quite amazed-you can see them just trying to find a way out then eventually dying . It seems to be working very well and we plan on buying more to put in our yard . I feel better knowing that it is working and we can enjoy these areas without freaking out every minute by one flying in your face.Con
 I am impressed by the number of yellowjackets the two traps I purchased have caught . I hung one under the eave in front of the house and the other in the corner of the fenceline in the backyard and both have been very productive in the week I 've had them up . I have n't used anything in the traps but the attractant that came with them and I 'm going to get more of that this weekend to keep them fresh .
 I wanted to try this for a year before I wrote a review . I get yellow jackets realy bad . I feed my dogs raw meat and this draws the yellow jackets in the summer terribly . I tried many things . The trick is to put it out in very early spring like March or April . this way you have a much better chance of catching queens.Last year after I cought some queens my YJ population went down tremendously . I did still have a few but nothing like before . Then when I thought the season was way over , I went out to get the trap to put away for the winter and it had even more in it ! I was not expecting any more because the last time I had looked at it was when I had emptied it and the weather was already cold.The cotton needs to be kept moist so that the attractant works better .
 Last summer -LRB- 2011 -RRB- was a really successful year for eastern Yellowjackets in New England - I had several large ground nests surrounding my house in the woods . I could actually see the air traffic from about 10 yards away . I tried out this trap about 1 foot off the ground on the edge of a shade line . Even with the included -LRB- small amount of -RRB- attractant , I caught several dozen within the first few weeks . All of the insects trapped were definitely Yellowjackets . We also have Paper Wasps around , which I do n't mind - not a one ended up in the trap.This year I did not mess around - I set up 5 of these traps with the longer-lasting 10 week attractant . Hopeful to snag some queens before they build nests in the ground this spring.Another nice thing is that this is reuseable - in the fall , I just dumped out all the dead YellowJacket bodies .
 This product works very well if you use the attractant cartridges AND put a small piece of turkey ham and peach on the spikes inside it . Change the ham and fruit when it 's all dried up if you can . I actually think the directions say to do this . Never had good luck with just the cotton ball .
 This trap has killed sooooo many of our yellowjackets . It 's effective in trapping them and they typically die of dehydration in just a couple of hours . Unfortunately , it wo n't kill all of them , but it has helped deplete our nest . I ca n't find the nest to kill them all off , so this is the best I can do . In researching how to manage these little buggers , I read that it 's important to set these traps out in early Spring to get the Queen . I will definitely do that next year !! One con
 I live in rural North Idaho on a newly developed property and apparently the Yellow Jackets are well established in this area . We first used these traps while living in WA , near the manufacturer . All I can say is that if people are not catching any Yellow Jackets , they either do n't have Yellow Jackets , or they are not using the product properly . They do not trap Wasps , Hornets , Bee 's -LRB- Honey or Bumble -RRB- or any other stinging insect that I know of.They do , however , work like a Champ when it comes to Yellow Jackets . We have 6 of these traps set up near our home and I have had to empty them several times in the last few days . Next year we will definitely put them out earlier to catch the queens . This is a great product and I will likely add 2 more for next season.Wish the attractant was a bit less expensive though !
 I put this trap up 24 hours ago outside my garden window overlooking my porch . It has trapped easily 2 dozen wasps and was simple and easy to use . I guess I should feel guilty for killing the wee creatures but I do n't . It 's fun to watch them fly around the trap looking for a way in and then they figure it out and I think Gotcha ! The kit comes with one bait pack but has suggestions for alternate baits if you run out . Do n't think about getting another trap this is the one .
 I 've had this for three weeks and it 's trapped about 40 yellowjackets and continues to attract more . It does n't perform miracles , but for my 25 ` x20 ' deck/porch area ... I have noticed a drop in the overall yellowjacket population . The other thing I like - it does n't trap the bees that I want around my garden -LRB- not a single bee has been trapped -RRB- . I do n't know how well the wasp-hornet-yellowjacket -LRB- W-H-Y -RRB- version of this trap works -LRB- this one is just for yellowjackets -RRB- ... but I 'm going to give that one a try too . The only reason I gave this four stars instead of five is that Amazon offers the W-H-Y trap for about a dollar more . It seems it would be well worth the extra dollar to get the W-H-Y trap instead -LRB- as long as it works as well as this one does -RRB- .
 I warned my husband of what some reviewers said , be very careful not to get the lure on you . Skeptical , but not stupid , he wore gloves . By the time he got the trap hung , there were two in it already . Never , NEVER had this kind of result with sugar water or meat-baited traps . In disbelief , he went back out less than 10 minutes later and there were 8 in it . Told me to get back on Amazon and order more , so here I am ...
 This trap has been a great help for the yard and has so far helped to keep the wasps away from the house . The scent that comes with it works alright but a sugary liquid with some lunch meat or other meat product has relatively the same effect . The trap is simple to use and the instructions that come with it are actually complete compared to other wasp traps that I have used in the past . This year I put the trap up late and only caught one queen but placing it up early spring usually catches more.I would definitely purchase this trap again and recommend it to friends !
 By far , the most effective pest control for Yellowjackets I 've ever come across . How effective you ask ? We had a major Yellowjacket problem and I went to 4 stores ... all of which were out of this trap . At each store , there was at least 1 person -LRB- one place had 3 -RRB- looking around for the traps because of the yellowjacket problems in this area . Finally the 5th place I stopped had just restocked and their shelves were full ... and yes , there were 2 people already picking them up when I arrived.Come home , put the solution on the cotton ball and by the end of the first 12 hours , we had caught 13 yellowjackets . I come home tonight from work and we are now up to 25 yellowjackets this device has captured in under 24 hours!Now those are measurable results!EDIT : I just added a photo ... over 40 yellow jackets trapped in just 3 days !
 I have used these traps for yellow jackets around our yard . They only get yellow jackets , but that is all I am after with this . I have one out almost all year . They catch some all year round , too . We live in an agricultural area between Sacramento and Lake Tahoe in California . Since I am allergic to stings , I rely on these to keep me from too many encounters . We like to eat outside and once these are up , it is possible . If we do not have them up , there are 10 or more yellow jackets buzzing us and making it impossible to eat .
 great product as it works very quickly , and very effectively . I live in Colorado . I put the trap out the first of September and left town for a week , and when I returned , the trap was half full of dead wasps -LRB- and only wasps -RRB- . I 'm scared to approach the trap and empty it because the wasps are still buzzing around even tho the trap has been up for 2 weeks . I guess I 'm going to have to buy more traps ! Recommend this product . My only complaint was the price , and the fact that there is no hanger . I 'd like to be able to set this on the ground .
 we live in Sonoma and have a lot of yellowjackets this year . I hung a trap behind the house and within an hour the trap was swarming with yellowjackets . After 3 days the trap had about a thousand YJ 's and was filled to the top of the cone . Today i got stung in my hand just walking near the house . I recommend putting traps around the perimeter of the yard as recommended rather close to the house .
 I 've tried several traps specifically targeted at yellow jackets ... because they are so dangerous to people and pets . Love the fact that this trap catches only those particular pests and does n't harm honeybees or even wasps . It works quickly - immediately upon hanging out . If you put it out early enough in the spring , it will trap queens too . The fact that it is reusable with just additional attractant is even more of a plus .
 I was a bit skeptical about this product , as I have tried other wasp traps previously with little to no success . Considering its low price , however , I figured I might as well give it one more try.The Rescue Reuseable Yellowjacket Trap is very easy to set up
 This is the real thing . This trap catches yellowjackets very effectively , by luring them with a yellowjacket sex pheromone . Not only does the included `` attractant '' massively and visibly work on yellowjackets , it has an advantage over poisons and many other traps in that it does n't trap other insects , such as bees . It 's weirdly fascinating to watch the excited behavior of yellowjackets around the trap , `` sniffing '' at the vents above , and searching for the entrances below . They even fight one another to get in ! Once inside , the yellowjackets simply do n't have the brain wattage to crawl back out.The attractant is so powerful that you 'll want to be careful around it , though . The included attractant -LRB- one 2-3 week dose -RRB- comes in a flexible clear plastic ampoule , somewhat like , but smaller than , the little soy sauce packets that come with Chinese take-out food . While setting up the trap , I tore the ampoule open at the notch , and accidentally squirted a few drops of the attractant on skin and clothes . -LRB- Not wanting to be the center of attention of a bunch of randy or disappointed yellowjackets , I quickly went indoors , washed and changed my clothing before continuing ! -RRB- If you even suspect you have an allergy to yellowjacket stings -LRB- their venom , a neurotoxin , is different from that of bees -RRB- , be sure that you get someone who is not sensitive to their stings to set up or service the trap . Yellowjacket and bee stings can kill those who are sensitive!Note that , at least initially , there will be a LOT more yellowjackets buzzing around the trap than there were in the same area . So I 'd suggest you do n't set up a trap within , say , 6-10 feet of hummingbird feeders , pets , or people.I got this trap because 1 -RRB- I 've hated yellowjackets since I was stung by seven of them at once as a small boy , 2 -RRB- yellowjackets have been recently bullying the hummingbirds at my feeder , 3 -RRB- yellowjackets have been eating my apples , and 4 -RRB- I 've long wanted to see pheromone technology in action.The trap has been catching about five yellowjackets a day since I 've had it . It 's been breezy here lately , but I 've noted that the trap catches more yellowjackets on the rarer warm , windless days . Twenty-three yellowjackets down so far , and the hummingbirds seem much lest pestered by them . Nothing but yellowjackets in the trap ; no bees , flies , etc. I separately bought an extra 10-week attractant cartridge from the same manufacturer . I have n't used it yet , but it looks to be a lot more idiotproof than the original tiny ampoule.Criticisms
 I purchased this 2 years ago , firstly , I used the small vial of stink that comes with the trap , then I tried the cartridge -LRB- 10 week supply -RRB- The cartridge is the way to go . I also found out , after reading the instructions , -LRB- like I should have done in the first place ! -RRB- that if the trap is placed outside in early spring , really early before the weather warms up at all , you will catch the queen before she nests . This is crucial to long term success . I caught 3 huge queens last spring , and guess what ? NO YELLOW LACKETS all year long ! It is definitely worth the planning to put it out early . -LRB- March here in So . Cal -RRB- Well worth the $ $ .
 I had n't used my trap in a couple years and started noticing yellow jackets sniffing around our back yard lawn . I did n't want my toddler getting stung so I got out and cleaned the trap , put in the last attractant packet and just set it sideways on the lawn . W/in 30 seconds -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- there were five yellow jackets buzzing around it . -LRB- Note - as another reviewer has mentioned , DO N'T get the liquid on your hands or clothes ! Wash thoroughly . -RRB- In the first 10 minutes I caught five , then set up the trap about a foot off the ground . This has worked so much better than hanging it higher as I have previously done . In the first two days I caught 32 . That more than doubled in the next two weeks . Now it 's just a couple a day . It may be time to rebait . One thing I have noticed is that w/out the competition of the yellowjackets , I have seen more bald-faced hornets around . Those are the large , black and white , really evil looking ones . The attractant is NOT formulated for hornets so I guess using meat or fruit juice is the way to go for them . Technically , I know they are n't quite as aggressive as yellow jackets and they eat a lot of bad bugs , but I do n't want them nesting in my yard ! Good luck with your trapping !
 I 'm with the others , this works well , and I recommend it highly . I just have a few tips to add :1 . This is a must for hummingbird enthusiasts . After planting flowers to attract butterflies and hummingbirds and setting up a feeder , I started having yellow jackets constantly around the back of my home . They are more of a nuisance than a health threat to me . But since insect stings can kill hummingbirds or keep them from the feeders , this is a required addition for back yard enthusiasts .2 . This feeder allows use of meat for bait . Read the enclosed instructions ! A lot of helpful advice on it 's use . Yellow jackets start feeding primarily on meat late in the season .3 . Most yellow jackets I have caught get in there early in the morning . By 6pm , most of them are dead , probably from stress and exhaustion of trying to find a way out of the trap . Empty this daily - dead yellow jackets attract ants in the trap and before long you will have a messy trap with yellow jacket parts stuck to the inside . Although the trap will hold many yellow jackets before it needs emptying -LRB- as shown in the picture -RRB- , frequent -LRB- read `` daily '' -RRB- dumping will save time cleaning and keep from having an unappetizing sight for your back yard picnickers . -LRB- The ones I dump out the previous day always promptly disappear , probably eaten by foraging birds . -RRB- 4 . While this trap touts its double chamber design to prevent escape , an occassional yellow jacket has escaped . But you catch many more than the 1 or 2 that finds it 's way back out again .
 Length :
 These traps are very effective , no question about it . I 'm perplexed by the reviewer who reports no casualties . I caught > 200 yellowjackets -LRB- AKA `` meat bees '' -RRB- within 2 days after baiting my 4 traps this year.One piece of advice - the pheromone bait is never effective for 10 weeks as claimed . It may be a function of > 90 F temperature -LRB- which coincides with heightened yellowjacket activity -RRB- , but these baits never work well for me for more than 2 weeks . I recommend using small pieces of meat - raw , cooked , soaked in BBQ sauce , it does n't matter . These little devils prefer food to sex , and meat is their ambrosia . I 've done side by side comparisons with pheromone - versus meat-baited traps , and the meat generally catches 3 to 5 times as many in a given time period . Save yourself the $ $ $ . My second complaint is that the plastic becomes brittle after a couple of years , presumably from prolonged UV exposure . Thus cleaning old traps often breaks them irreparably , especially the little prongs that hold the perforated funnel-shaped basket into the main body.With these shorcomings in mind , these are still the best thing I 've found and I will continue using them , buying a couple of new ones every year with the money I save by eschewing the pheromone bait .
 I put this trap up a little over an hour ago because the yellow jackets have gotten so unbearable that they are actually attacking the hummingbrids that are trying to go to my hummingbird feeder.As I write this , there are well over 30 + yellow jackets in this trap . I wish Amazon let you put pictures on our reviews because I have a picture of all the trapped yellow jackets ... it 's unbelievable . I did not use the attractant sold with the unit ... I simply poured a little of my hummingbird feeder liquid in the bottom since they seemed so attracted to my feeder . It 's worked like a charm!I have used several traps in the past -LRB- my Raid trap sits next to it , and though they go into that trap , they crawl right back out ! -RRB- and this one has not only worked the best , but worked the best in the least amount of time.I actually purchased this trap back in May . My husband used it with the included `` bait '' and we only caught 2 yellow jackets all summer . Today , when the yelow jackets were really terrorizing us -LRB- and stung my 22 month old daughter -RRB- my husband said `` let me try using some of the hummingbird food in it instead of the bait . '' That did the trick!How much time I wasted this summer ... I could kick myself right now!If you purchase this feeder , I 'd suggest finding a recipe for hummingbird food on the internet ... they seem to like that a lot more than the `` bait '' ... cheaper , too !
 Wow ! Motivated by a yellow jacket sting , I purchased 2 of these nifty traps . The first bait used came with the trap , and supplemented with lunch meat . They flocked to this feeder . In minutes , there were 30 of these insects trapped and buzzing around . A little later , another 30 crowded into the trap , and I swapped it out for the second trap . I did this from midsummer to early Fall , and I noticed that as the season changes , so do their attractors . Lunch meat did the trick mid summer , and melon in the Fall was best . A great product , and easy to clean out . Be sure to make sure all are dead since they fly in at different times .
 106 yellowjackets in 7 days ! I bought one of these locally and hung it up under an unused back deck that was viewable from inside the house . I had to move it to the far side of the yard because there were always at least 4 or 5 yellowjackets in a frenzy around it . To hang it up I just bent a coat hanger to slide over the top of a fence board . There is a hole in the top of the trap that is the perfect size for a coat hanger.A word of warning though
 Great and effective product for YJ 's only . No food attracts hornets and really foul smelly stuff attracts flies , but this is great for YJ 's . Other wasps and hornets are attracted to the activity but they like fresh meat/bugs . Fly catchers -LRB- stinky bags -RRB- attract hornets and wasps to the live bugs . I have used these for many years . Use these units with the larger 10 week cartridge , and place the small pack bait -LRB- available at Amazon -RRB- on it when it gets weak , reuse with this type of cheaper bait in the larger cartridge each year , but check that there are no webs covering the bottom holes and/or internal cone hole , or YJ 's will leave . It works very well to catch queens looking to build nests in April , and keep them out until Sept. to get workers of queens that were missed . Very effective . Move to another location if no luck in 2 weeks , or if very few are caught . Load indoors or after sunset , or you might get stung . Hint , this old fish smell works well in the spring , sweet attractant works better before hybernation in the fall in a different type of catcher ; one you can put juice , beer , or other sweet attractant , with a drop of soap , recharge with water but add a drop of non-fragrant dish soap as it evaporates .
 I was n't expecting these to work . I hung 2 of these in one of my trees in the backyard in Mid-April hoping tocatch some Queens in Denver , CO. . I bought the 10 week cartridges to place inside of them instead of the liquid it comes with . It is the beginning of May , and I think I have caught over 35 Queens already . If you are going to purchase these , also buy the 10 week cartridge . Well worth it !
 This trap was amazing . It was totally full of dead yellow jackets whithin a week of hanging it . I dumped them out , hung it back up and it continued to work all summer long .
 I 've used these traps for a couple years now . When I purchased the first one I was very disppointed as I could actually see yellow jackets exiting the trap as quickly as they entered . Fortunately before I gave up on the product , I realized I was n't assembling the screw-on parts tightly enough , and that was leaving just enough space for the insects to escape . Once I had assembled it more tightly , it worked perfectly . I now use three on my one-acre wooded lot and I dump the traps weekly , with about 20 yellow jackets per trap in the peak activity months of June and July . Here 's a huge benefit - if you set these traps out early enough in the Spring , like mid-April in my region of Virginia , you 'll likely trap a queen or two . Trapping one queen in the early Spring eliminates an entire future nest , which is as effective as killing several thousand yellow jackets during the Summer . I know some who contend that killing yellow jackets that are not an immediate nuisance is undesirable from an overall insect population balance standpoint since yellow jackets kill other insect pests , including mosquitos , to feed their larvae . But I 've seen a swarm of accidentally disturbed yellow jackets attack and kill a pet dog , so my feeling is the fewer the better - good riddance !
 We just built a house in the woods , and could n't sit long on our new deck or patio without being hassled by bees & wasps . I bought several traps , and maintained them as instructed from spring through fall . My results : Rescue WHYTR-BB8 W-H-Y Trap For Wasps , Hornets and Yellow Jacketswas hands-down the best , never failing to catch at least a dozen wasps , hornets and yellow jackets per week . The refills -LRB- Sterling Intl. . WHYTA-DB12 Wasp , Hornet & Yellow Jacket Trap -RRB- contain 3 different lures and last 2-3 weeks -LRB- tip
 We live on the north shore of Long Island , 1 block from the water in a heavily wooded area . Every year , yellowjackets like to vacation in our neighborhood , moving from one property to the next , as folks chase them away . This is now beyond just being a nuisance but downright dangerous -- we 've all gotten stung once or twice , they have nested in and caused damage to our homes , and with little ones running around it 's just not cool . I 've tried many solutions , but this one works the best . I should deduct 1 star for being completely overpriced -LRB- a 0.25 cent plastic trap with 0.50 cents worth of a chemical pheromone -- I 'm a chemist by the way -RRB- , but they work so well I decided to give 5 stars anyway . I have 7 of these strategically located around the perimeter of my property , and over the course of the summer have trapped and killed hundreds of yellowjackets . These work very well . I just need to look around to see if the attractant is available in bulk or a cheaper form from somewhere .
 I am allergic to the yellow jacket sting . I have two of these traps hanging in my trees front and back of my house . Let the purchaser be informed , that these traps will not to lure the entire nest into the container , unless maybe it is placed next to the nest . It does capture and hold the critters so that I might have an inventory and feel for how big an infestation I might have in my yard . It uses a chemical lure that has to be replaced about every 2 weeks . So far I have been able to find replacement lure at Ace Hardware and Lowes Home Improvement stores . The traps are used over and over , only the lure is replaced . I have tried a `` bait '' trap that uses fruit juice , such as apple , but I could not see how many bugs were being captured . I will keep the Rescue Re-useable Yellowjacket trap all year long .
 I 've tried other yellow jacket traps with limited success . This one really works . In the short time I 've been using them -LRB- 3 weeks -RRB- I 've caught over 50 yellow jackets.I bought traps because I got tired of fighting with them every time I barbecue , especially in the early fall.I had cut up a fresh pineapple , and took a couple of wedges and pushed them onto the plastic stakes on the inside , along with the attractant . I 'm catching even more now doing that.Next year I 'll have to try putting them out earlier in the season , to get the queens . But for now , it 's keeping the yellow jacket population down around the house.Excellent product - I like that it 's re-usable too .
 I 've tried these traps -LRB- and the disposables -RRB- in several locations , and I think I 've found the trick
 We recently bought our new home and discovered that when the temperature gets hot and our apple tree bares fruit , you get a ton of yellowjackets ! Thank goodness for this product , because now I rarely see any . The trap is full of them and started working right away . I plan on purchasing another trap so I can put it out front where I 've seen a few that are in love with a poisonous berry bush . My one suggestion is that you make sure you know what kind of wasps you are dealing with . This trap only catches yellowjackets and hornets ; yes there is a BIG difference . Paperwasps which come in a variety of colors and sizes , will not be attracted to the pheromone lure in this trap . It also helps to add a food bait to the trap . Since it is currently late summer/early fall I used applesauce , especially since they were going after the ripe apples on my tree.As for the lure that everyone says is hard to get , I have seen it offered as a two pack for $ 4-5 at multiple well known hardware chains and at a national grocery store .
 In 24 hours , I 've trapped 60 + yellowjackets . I did n't know we HAD that many . I was counting about 20 hanging out in the yard , max . It 's starting to feel much safer for bare feet out there.I know it 's wishful thinking , but it would be nice if this was less plastic and more compostable material . How many people actually use this year after year ? We buy too much plastic .
 Amazing , still ca n't believe it . I hung it before work and 8 hours later probably had 50 yellow jackets trapped . I was a bit concerned about how they would die , but the sun killed all but a few of the most recent guests so that is n't an issue . Instructions said to hang it 20 feet from the nest but I know I 'm much further away than that and it 's still drawing them like crazy . Ca n't believe it 's only $ 12 .
 We had yellowjackets that had nested underground . Although we had pour gasoline in their nest we still had a few strays flying around . I put out this trap in hopes of catching those stragglers . Worked like a charm . We are very happy with the results .
 This is killing 10 yellow jackets a day with just a bit of beef jerky in it . The best of the yellow jacket traps we have tried so far . I highly recommend it .
 This is my 4th Rescue trap of this make and it is the best of the breed.PROEffective - since using this trap there are few Yellowjackets around.Larger attractant cartridge is available that lasts 3 + months.Keeps working even when it is nearly full.Very good when set out in early spring as it gets the queens and nest builders before a new nest is built.CONAttractant is short lived - only works for 2 to 4 weeks.Color fades afters ~ 2 years of sun and reduces effectiveness .
 After hanging for two weeks , I was surprised and happy to see this works ! The weather here in the NE has been very rainy and wet for most of the time but I caught eight bees -LRB- yellow jackets -RRB- so far in the short time it has been up during the warmer , sunnier days . It is VERY easy to set-up and get ready , easy to hang , no problems at all with set-up . It also does not look as bad as the horrible 2-liter soda bottle wasp traps I am having no luck with . This trap actually looks okay hanging up in the trees . So far I have only used the attractant supplied with the trap . I purchased the 10-week pod seperately but have yet to use it as this has been working well so far . I would definitely say this works and is well designed . Only wish it worked on wasps too as I have yet had any luck trying to solve that problem with other products .
 We used to have a real problem with yellow jackets , especially around our poultry pens and runs . Ever since using these traps , not a yellow jacket in sight ! We could n't believe how well these work . I ca n't recommend them enough to anyone bothered by yellow jackets . PS Never have seen a honey bee inside the trap ... just yellow jackets ! GREAT !
 yellow jackets check in , they do n't check out . the shape is exactly perfect for catching yellow jackets , and with the right attractant this will catch a bunch .
 I suppose that for 9 dollars this item is good . When I received this all the sockets were lose . They are good for light use around the house .
 My fiancee is always needing some kinda quick socket set to use around the house for small jobs & this is just perfect !
 I bought these to keep in my truck as a spare set in case I broke down somewhere and needed to fix something real quick . It 's great for that . I would also be great for RC projects , and I 'd even trust it for mechanical use , just not very long . It 's a cheaper set , so you ca n't expect a lot for the price . None the less , I 'm not disappointed with my purchase , they work fine for what I need them for . Case is pretty small and you could put it in most glove boxes . Works for what I wanted it for .
 I had a tough project where I was trying to take apart something and WD-40 plus wrenches did not help . Seeking an inexpensive solution , I purchased this socket set . Despite its cheap price , the job was done and I had no issues at all using the various bits and pieces .
 Very solid product . I bought my first road bike that was made in the 70s . I needed a socket wrench because I was learning how to fix a bike . The price is very cheap and the product gets the job done . I do n't know the reason why you should pay more than $ 10 for a socket wrench set , unless you want to get fancy .
 My husband seems to like it . It serves its purpose . It does n't seem cheap . Nothing has broken or cracked on the set .
 Got this set because I lost the cheap set I got from another site . This set is very good for the price . The case is much durable than I thought it would be . It also holds the sockets in place very very well . I shook it around and only one of them moved a mm . Great variety of sizes . Ca n't beat it for the price if your looking for a good starter set .
 Bought three of them as XMAS gifts for co-workers . Only gripes are that the handle on the ratchet is a little on the thin and rough side , and the plastic handle on the driver -LRB- i.e. holder for sockets -RRB- is too skinny , which will prevent getting as much turning torque as one might require . Neither are a showstopper . As they are gifts for XMAS , they have n't been used yet .
 I purchased this product because i do alot of work on my car and i must say it really came in handy the tools are of sturdy construction and they contain everything that you would need for day to day work around the house or on your car . the socket wrench is very well made and can take alot of pressure without snapping . i would recommend this product to anyone .
 At first I though that these would last a week as they do not look to be the best quality but to my surprise a year later and its all still intact and still working even the socket wrench itself is fine after me abusing it on several project .
 I own a 1-800-GOT-JUNK ? franchise and I send every truck out with a complete set of tools so my employees can disassemble items our customers want us to remove -LRB- exercise equipment , swing sets , etc -RRB- . I had a hard time finding an affordable socket set that had a good plastic case and many sizes . This set has been working great and is a great value . If you need an inexpensive set that works great but you wo n't be mad if it gets lost/stolen , etc , this is it !
 This is not a professional tool set . If you 're expecting 1000 's of uses out of these tools , you 're buying the wrong set . But to change the oil on your scooter and other occasional uses , this wo n't be beat.Pros : - Metric and SAE sizes-Case , while cheap feeling , holds sockets effectively-Ratcheting mechanism feels solid enough and works wellCons : - All the plastics in the set feel poorly/cheaply made -LRB- handles , case -RRB- - Sizes only go up to 13mm and 9/16 '' - Finish on metal smudges easilyAs long as you 're working small jobs , this set is solid . If you 're restoring a car , buy a better set .
 Do n't expect to use these on your auto or anywhere other than around the house . A good general purpose set . With free shipping ... you can not go wrong .
 Folks , this is made of metal , not plastic !! for 5 bucks you just cant ' t beat it ! for home use , it is outstanding value.Subbu
 my husband loved it ! this was his gift from the kids & he was thrilled ! perfect condition , brand new & with a great deal !
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for both my dad and step dad , and they really love it : -RRB-
 Welcome cut strange and new excellent idea and Thanksgiving items chosen for the excellent and unique items for the pieces that help and facilitate the user with Sincerely question
 Thank you very much , very good product , everything was done without any novelty , the delivery took place at the agreed time . The product met my expectations , excellent material actually very happy with the purchase . Thank you again .
 If I want professional quality tools I will pay for it . If I want something simple and cheap to use when the rest of my tools are in storage , this is fine . I figure I 'll use two sockets tops over a year for changing the oil and assembling the bunk bed - for under 5 bucks this does very nicely . Would not use for serious projects , but for the occasional use - its fine !
 This tool set is worth the money . I had bought it for a christmas present . Its used on a daily basis and still holds its value .
 Outstanding for the price . Do not compare to sets costing 10x as much . Not fair to do so .
 This tool set has almost anything that a homeowner or do-it - yourselfer would need . These tools seems sturdy , and are brand recognized by the Stanley name . I have Craftsman tools , and these Stanley tools seem to be of superior quality to Craftsman . I highly recommend , and the have the lifetime warranty also !
 This product is so great , so with the price , its a great bargain and so usefull around the house and in my cars .
 I ordered this for my brother-in-law and again , I wish I had ordered two of them . He said he loves it and uses it all of the time .
 Definitely worth the price . Good to throw in your car or or on the atv !!!
 Bought these socket set for husbands shop . He was bowled over by all the sockets and extras he got with the set . Would buy this product again for gifts . Thank you .
 What can I say . Socket set for under $ 4 dollars . Great ! Would n't work on heavy duty jobs with this set but great for tasks around house . Price is unbeatable . Delivery on time , actually , delivered sooner than expected . Thinking of purchasing another set to keep in shop for light jobs . Highly recommend seller and product .
 I bought this set of tools when it was on sale . The quality is decent but for its price , it is still a no brainer to buy .
 It 's a complete set , and it works , what else do you expect ? perfect for occasional use . Just used it for tightening my bike crank arm - worked . The bike man charged me $ 2 for doing that ...
 To be clear , I am writing this review about a set bought 15 years ago at a big box auto parts store . It was the exact same set , and the case was the exact same layout . The case had a clear plexiglass insert so you could see all the sockets . Of course over time it cracked . I had a set -LRB- got stolen -RRB- and my father still has his . Yes , the ratchet died pretty quickly , but the sockets have held up very well , including rebuilding and repairing engines . The yellow handled 3/8 driver looked different back in the day , and I still have that tool . I 'd be interested to try this kit again , especially for the price.I think since you 're going to replace the ratchet anyway , might as well invest in a Stanley set -LRB- for the record I have replaced two of those under warranty -RRB- .
 herramientas escenciales y utilies para el auto me gustaron bastante y son especiales para salir a carretera y en un paquete compacto
 Got this for my little brother who loves to lose my dads tools . Both little brother and dad loves it . Little brother has worked on his truck with them , and my dad is glad his tools no longer go missing !
 I needed a data logger to monitor the fridge temperature in my restaurant and this low-cost unit seemed the best choice . Software is supplied with unit which is great.Installation on Windows 7 was straightforward . After plugging in the data logger you use the software to set the data logger up . This is easy to do using the software which follows a wizard based format . You then leave the data logger where you want it to pick up the temperature -LRB- in my case the fridge -RRB- and the use the software to download the data a few days later . It shows you a graph of the temperature over the time the data loggers been in the fridge - fortunately mine seems to be working correctly!So far I 've been using for 2 months and had no problems . Would recommend this to anyone with a similar requirement .
 We have used this item for about 3 weeks to monitor temps where medications are stored . It is simple easy to use
 Wonderful , easy-to-use , a big hit in the classroom . A great way to have students collect and analyze their own data !
 Worked exactly what I ordered it for . The software could have been a little better , but it got the job done .
 I am amazed at the simplicity of set up as well as the accuracy of this little Temp Data Logger . I will buy several more for other areas that need to be monitored .
 This data logger could have missed the attention of a whole lot of people who actually need it . New parents should have one in the cot or in the child 's room to know how cold or warm the room is . Do you know ? Or when you are keeping food in the freezer and you need to be sure that it is at the prescribed temperature . Or how about wanting to know if your DIY project makes a difference to the attic temperature etc. . It is just great . Go get one , anyone .
 Este producto lo compre para mi hermana y sus investigaciones agr&iacute;colas hace m&aacute;s de un a & ntilde ; o y a&uacute;n funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n . ella lo usa con Windows 7 sin problemas . Saludos
 The compressor was delivered damaged . I was searching for a compressor online for quite a long time . It seems that most companies have trouble shipping them without being damaged . They need to beef up the packaging I guess.When I opened the package there was a notice indicating that Bostitch should be contacted prior to sending the product back through Amazon . I called their service centre and they were great . Sent me new parts right away no questions asked . Saved me the hassle of getting a new one delivered.Other than that , the product works great .
 My compressor arrived damaged , just like most everyone else 's . But this I attribute to Bostitch 's horrible packaging and UPS 's inherent predeliction to crush everything that comes thier way . Like other reviewers , I contacted Bostitch and they sent replacement gagues , but on top of that , the pressure release valve was bent so bad that it stripped it 's threads and now the thing leaks pretty much all of the time . When it decides to not leak , the thing is a beast , and will have you framing walls and tacking up trim all day long . All the faults lie in the packaging/handling . Were it delivered harm-free , it would be a workhorse .
 I have a variety of pneumatic tools used primarily for carpentry and home remodeling . This compressor is more than adequate for my needs .
 My compressor arrived damaged as well . The factory carton is diffently not suitable for long haul transit . I called Bostitch directly and they sent me the replacement parts that were broken . I also referred the Bostitch rep. to this forum so they would understand the issue at hand . Otherwise it 's a great unit and highly recommended .
 I 've been looking for quite a while to find just the right night-light for my baby . Bright enough so I can see her sleeping when I peek into her room , and dim enough that it does n't disturb her.This looked like a good find , and it worked great in complete darkness BUT if there is ANY other source of light -LRB- ours was coming from behind the curtains , outside , neighbor 's house lights -RRB- the light will try to dim itself but ineffectively - it flickers and your eyes start hurting when looking at it ... Why does it flicker ? : - \ I had to tape the sensor with black electric tape to make it think it 's dark and use the light to it 's full capacity .
 This is a great little night light . Got it for my son 's room , he 's 7 and it gives off just the right amount of light for him to sleep comfortably but not be scared if he wakes up in the middle of the night . It stays cool to the touch , switches itself off automatically when the daylight is let into the room , so you do n't have to unplug it . Price was good and it looks really cool . Arrived very promptly too . Definitely recommend .
 I 'm a 23 year old student -LRB- no babies yet -RRB- and got two of these to put in my studio apartment so that I would not trip over my self , when getting up at night . Was so surprised how well they work , have one in the WC and one in the living room , and it provides a very similar light to candle lights -LRB- minus the fire hazard when I forget to blow them out -RRB- and is lovely to come home to at night.Just ordered one more for my kitchen . Amazing !
 We enjoy the yellow glow of this night light . I wish I had thought of it prior to our daughter 's birth ! It is nice to be able to see her when she is sleeping without us in our room during naps or before we get to bed -LRB- 3 months -RRB- and also when we are sleeping in there with her just to be able to see that the covers are n't near her face . The glow is nice like a dim light but chose an outlet not directly near your eyes as it can be distracting while you sleep if light bothers you -LRB- like me -RRB- . I put it in our bathroom and leave the door open enough to have the light but also enough to cover the source . As far as the flickering goes , mine rarely flickers , even when the morning sun comes into the room , no flickering , it just stays on . If it is not plugged in completely then it will flicker . Good choice for a night light , and will be good for her room when she is older and sleeping by herself .
 This is a nice light . Very cute shape . Displays a star shape on the wall . Works well . It lights up the entire room nicely . Its a little bright for me when I sleep in my daughter 's room . I moved it to the adjoining bathroom . But it is fine for her and enables me to see well when I go in there at night to check on her .
 not too bright . nice warm color . light sensor works fine . my girlfriend loves all things related to star objects . she was happy with this product .
 This is one of my essential items that I use daily that I could absolutely not live without -LRB- along with BumGenius diapers , LilyPads , and my Think Pink bouncer -RRB- . This nightlight comes on when it gets dark automatically and then turns off when the room is light enough . You never have to switch any switches . It gives a nice soft glow to the room but not bright enough that you ca n't sleep . I was able to breastfeed my little girl -LRB- she spent the first 3 months of her life sleeping at night in our bedroom in a bassinet -RRB- taking her into bed with me to feed and putting her back in the bassinet after , with only the glow of this nightlight . Sometimes it was a little difficult to see the poop when changing her but any brighter and my hubby would have woken up.The nightlight has now graduated , along with our little girl , to her own room . I 'm sure it will be used for many , many years .
 I bought this for my toddler 's room when I was tired of replacing her cheap night lights over and over again . It has been great ! It gives off plenty of light without being so bright that she ca n't sleep . And it 's lasted us over a year now & is still glowing strong . It 's subtle so she does n't even really notice it when she 's in her room , whereas the others we had were so large or so bright that she insisted on unplugging them and then that left an open plug , which I worried about . We have n't had that problem since getting this night light . It 's great & I 'm really glad I found it !
 Compared to functional and boring nightlights for a baby 's room , these are superior in every way ! * Adorable shape , which is projected on the wall behind it * Throws just enough for a soft glow -LRB- kind of like a warm candlelight color -RRB- so you do n't trip over anything -- plus we put two in the baby 's room and there 's enough light to see for a middle-of-the-night change and feeding * And the automatic light-sensitive feature for switching on and off is perfect for new parents as you do n't need to remember to turn on the nightlights before going into your child 's room when it gets dark -- or turn off in the morning . Two less things to have to think about . * Plus inexpensive enough!Highly recommended .
 The Malibu driveway markers are great , they have off , on or blinking , work well great product .
 Gerber enjoys quite an enviable reputation when it comes to knives . When they produce a multi-tool you know it 's going to be good . I say it 's the best . This is my fourth U.S. made multitool . It has out lasted the other three so far . I wo n't mention names but they are not as strong as the Gerber . They might sell more but they do n't make a better tool . I love the metallic `` snap '' this baby makes when you flick it into position . That snap is your assurance that it 's locked and ready to go to work . Not only do the pliers lock but so do all the rest of the tools.Besides all the normal tools you usually get this comes with a jig saw blade clamp . Why is that special ? Because you can put any blade in it you want . It comes with a carbide grit blade from the factory . This proved invaluable a few weeks back . Some friends went camping with us . We all took our 5th wheels . One guy had a blowout . His spare tire was Padlocked which is no problem until his key breaks off in the lock . There we were on the side of the highway . Well I remembered that my Gerber had a carbide grit blade on it and the mini mag had fresh batteries . After a few minutes of concentrated elbow grease , we had his lock cut and we were back on the road . I never leave home without it now .
 I am a communications specialist for the U.S. Army . I bought this product to use on missions in Iraq . It is good product . The convenience of having a flashlight in the same pouch as your Gerber is really helpful . The light is extremely bright . The only downfall is the wire cutters but , I have noticed this problem with every Gerber that I have owned .
 I use the gerber multi-tool 600 at work and was lost when my last one was stolen . Having the mag light combo is an added plus . It is a sturdy , well made versatile tool that opens with a flick of the wrist . The led flashlight is a nice small size but bright . I only wish the pouch holding the tool and flashlight was a bit smaller .
 The Multi-Plier is as described and works great . The locking mechanism on the knife and other tools is nice . I also like that the saw blade is just a standard jigsaw blade . You can easily change it out for whatever type you need , and replace it when it gets dull.The flashlight however needs some work . For starters , it 's not a Mag Light as described in the description , it 's a Gerber brand light . It is an LED light , but its pretty cheaply made . I 'm still looking for the on switch . You just loosen or tighten the batter cover to turn it on or off .
 This multitool and mini maglite are both very useful . Specially I very much liked the `` Candle '' property of the maglite . I live in a country that we time to time have power interruptions . And it came very handy when it happened to be when we were sitting a bar . And the multi tool from Gerber is something that I 'd sleep with it . I am generally at the site . And you never know when you 'll need it . Thanks to Gerber and Maglite very much for their very quality products .
 Really wish I had purchesed more of these . I totally love the look of these lights.Not to bright but enough light to see what your doing .
 I received my lights and had them hung and they look wonderful . Love the art glass shades . Delivery was fast and everything was there . I 'm using the new mini-flourscent bulbs which look great too .
 We recently renovated our guest bath and added a beautiful soaker tub , travertine tiles , and other beautiful items and finishes . I had purchased a bathtub hardware set -LRB- somewhere else -RRB- that contained everything -- handles , shower head , and faucet . While the first two components are beautiful and looked great , the tub spout in the set looked/felt very thin/cheap . I 'm into details and that detail was ruining the look of our new elegant bathtub . I saw the American Standard tub spout on Amazon and thought it was so beautiful . My next thought was ` wow , $ 50 for just a faucet ! ' but ordered it anyway . This piece is so worth the price -- not overpriced at all considering what I got . It is well constructed -LRB- heavy in weight -RRB- , shines brightly , and looks so good .
 Its a socket , it does what a socket is supposed to do and it is inexpensive . Unfortunately it is made in China .
 Shipped quickly and well packed . This sleek globe evenly illuminates so it appears as a &#34; solid &#34; mass . We have a greatroom floor plan and have placed it in a short hallway - a great focal point which can be seen from across the house and especially striking in a low-lit setting .
 Love the sprinkler . I 've looked everywhere for an all metal one . I have an issue w / my dog , who attacks the sprinkler when it 's on . I 've gone through many sprinkers because of her . Although she can still drag it across the lawn , she 's yet to do any damage at all . It also works great , good coverage , gets the grass wet .
 This is one of those items that is pass/fail - it either does what it says it will do or it does n't . This sprinkler does what it says it will do . It was recommended when I bought it that I buy more than one for convenience . I plan to do so .
 Well constructed ! Great coverage . I can do the entire front yard and only move the sprinkler once . It oscillates back and forth rapidly so the area you want watered is covered and there is n't as much pooling of water as with some oscillating sprinklers . Our neighbor has one and we were always in envy ... now we have one of our own .
 I bought this fantastic heavy duty Gilmour metal sprinkler five years ago and I love it . I 'd highly recommend it if you 're in the market for a good quality sprinkler that will last forever . I love that it 's easy to set , those two red paddles slide closer together or farther apart -LRB- no little knobs that get stuck and are difficult to turn -RRB- and it has a wide variety of widths that you can adjust for . The sprinkler also works with a little water pressure or a lot of water pressure to help water smaller or larger garden areas . It 's all zinc and brass and heavy enough to take some serious water pressure , I 've never found it flipped over in the garden like others I 've owned . After going through a few cheap sprinklers , I invested in this one and I 've been happy with it for the last 5 years and it 's still going strong.The only trouble you may have with this sprinkler is when trying to use a lower water pressure to water a smaller area . Most likely this is because of your frost free faucet not the sprinkler . After we replaced our frost free faucets with regular ball valves with a shutoff valve inside for winter , we now have more water pressure control and more pressure overall than with the old frost-free faucets . I can now set the sprinkler to water a really small area and my entire lawn as well .
 I highly recommend this sprinkler . I bought this unit using Amazon.com because my local Lowe 's no longer carried this particular unit . I now have four of these units . I have yet to experience any problem with wear of the nylon gears . One of the reasons I like this unit is that it has a heavy metal base . Comnpared to Rain Bird units it is much more durable , much quieter in operation , much easier to adjust .
 I have been using Gilmour oscillating sprinklers for the past eight years and have been very satisfied . I have a relatively large yard and refuse to pay the high cost of an automatic sprinkler system . I bought this particular model in 2005 and it lasted almost 5 years before encountering the problem described by other reviewers -LRB- it just quit oscillating -RRB- . In my experience , this is to be expected with any sprinkler of this type after a few seasons of use . The great thing about buying a Gilmour sprinkler is the outstanding warranty replacement service you receive . You are truly getting a lifetime warranty . Whenever one of my sprinklers breaks , I simply call the customer service line and describe the problem . Within a week a new sprinkler shows up at my door ! This really is far and away a better customer service experience you would ever expect . So , when yours breaks , do n't just throw it away ! Spend 5 minutes on the phone with the friendly people at Gilmour and they 'll send you a brand new one for free .
 My unit is in its second season and works great . I bought it because it has different method to set width of spray -- the two red arms/levers ... other units seem to die after a year or so and just spray part of the yard no matter how you set them.I came here to buy a second unit but now the reviews cause me some concern!Well , I did n't pay this much for mine , paid about $ 40 , so if it lasts another year it will have been worth it .
 This is the 4th time in 8 years I 've needed to replace the hose on my Grohe shower fixture . The hose seems to spring a leak after a couple of years of use , followed by a few months of look-honey-I-fixed-it duct tape solutions , followed by me buying a new hose and throwing out the old one . The local plumbing supply charges almost $ 100 for a new metal hose . It hurts to pay that for something you know is going to break in a year or two . This time I 'm trying the non-metallic hose in the hopes it will hold up better , but mainly because Amazon Prime does n't have the metal one . The price on Amazon for this hose is significantly cheaper than anywhere else I found online -LRB- all > $ 20 cheaper than the plumbing supply place -RRB- . And of course it got here in 2 days which makes it sweeter . So , the new hose is installed , and it is not leaking even a drop of water . We 'll see if it can make the 2 year mark . In the meantime I 'm ordering a second one because I do n't want to pay $ 100 if this one springs a leak !
 My son 's GROHE shower head was leaking and this replacement hose worked like a charm to solve the problem ! Fast delivery , good price , too .
 Excellent part to connect without leaking to a shower head with a new reflexaflex hose . Easy to replace an old damaged hose with the same brand .
 The Forte collection is a very sleek and nice design . The quality of Kohler is evident in the weight of the product and the ease of installation . I was a bit frustrated when I went to Home Depot as they did n't have a good selection of this brand/style . They did have an 18 '' towel bar but that was it and I needed the 30 '' , 18 '' , towel holder and toiler paper holder . Amazon had them all and in-stock . The installation could n't have been easier as there is a template on the back of each package that shows where to drill the holes . The kit also comes with all the screws and anchors necessary for any type of installation . The best part is I ordered on Monday and received on Wednesday free with my Prime account . Ca n't beat the selection or convenience and got them all installed in less than 1/2 hour .
 he does a lot of work and always needs extra light so this was a great gift for him
 I am impressed with this design an implementation . Unfortunately , its missing the top over-the-head strap which it needs as the batteries -LRB- 2xAAA -RRB- are housed with the bulb placing extra weight that could be compensated for with the strap we all see in the photos for this light . Oh well , happy with the quality nontheless ; especially for the price !
 I used this headlamp to climb Mt Fuji ... started the climb at 8 pm and used the light until about 3am . The battery lasted the whole time and it was fairly comfortable.For the price i would definetly suggest this product to others preparing for a night hike/climb .
 Has worked great for running - it 's lightweight , amply bright and simple to use.Also , it 's inexpensive and has a long battery life .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas and he thinks it 's the best headlamp he 's ever used . He 's amazed at the long battery life and the bright lite . We live in the Cascades and he uses it all the time either for work or even to get firewood at night .
 For four years I have been doing late night feedings for my horses and have carried a flashlight . I never thought of getting a headlamp until my horse got a nasal infection that required night flushes . This has been the best thing I have had for years !! Instead of carrying a flashlight I have the convenience of this head lamp - The strap is big , fits well over a hat , but my head alone too big - For the price , this is a must have ! I am so happy I can see at night well now !!
 I am extremely happy with this perfectly designed 2 -LRB- TWO -RRB- AAA battery headlamp . Often you will find very well designed products from newer companies before they change the design to fit what the ` consumer ' desires . The design is often very well thought through for it 's initial release and it appears that is the case here .
 This is a great value headlamp . It 's not as robust as my Petzl lamp , but it 's far cheaper . My only complaint is the angle adjustment is soft and can shift while you walk , so sometimes I have to re-adjust it as I go . The lamp is very bright and quite effective even at reasonable distances .
 Great when you lose power - keeps your hands free and you can walk around , read or whatever . Light is bright and can be directed
 This light works great but I work outside and found that to turn light on or off I have to remove my glove because of the push button type switch on the top light . But would still recommend this light .
 I 'll probably end up getting a few more since my husband loses things like this , but talk about handy , works well , easy use and set up , ideal for any place dark , where you need hands free , even walking to your car at night , it comes in handy . I use it mostly for construction purposes and crawl spaces .
 A great headlamp that allows me to see the trail as I hike up the butte to watch the sunrise !
 ... and this is what my daughter wanted for reading at night . The light lasts a really long time on the batteries . It being adjustable and having the tilt function makes it work great for our purposes . Granted , we are n't exactly endurance testing it , but it works fine . Most hazardous thing its been used for is to find the latrine on a camping trip or flashing me in the eyes every time she looks at me while reading . = -RRB-
 Keeps your hands free to do things other than hold the flashlight . Had cheaper ones that put out more light .
 I bought the Streamlight headlamp to use as a ` night light ' while reading after my husband goes to sleep . It 's hands free and I love it .
 For the money , this is a great light . I would prefer that it was brighter , but it worked reliably , was comfortable , and lasted a long time on the original batteries .
 uses conventional batteries . works great ! used 3 nights in Bonnaroo . Lifesaver . Would never go w/o ... great price as well .
 Nice and bright . Can clip to visor or use with strap . Works great ! The picture showed a third strap that is n't included but I knew that from the other reviews and I would n't use it anyway .
 This is a very well designed and well made light suitable for illuminating things at arms length or in a dark room . It is light weight and comfortable for extended wear . The head strap is easily adjustable and secure enough for ordinary activities . The batteries which come in the package are easy to install and replace . This light is very handy for jobs such as peering into the recesses of a cabinet under a sink , or into the dark corners in the case of a computer , or into the shadows under the hood of an automobile . If your electricity were out , this would be a neat little light to wear moving around a darkened house . And it leaves both of your hands free !
 This is a pretty solid headlamp . I needed it for outdoor evening rescue simulations for a WFR course . It worked , but was not the brightest one out there .
 I often work in poorly lit areas around my house . This light is nice & small but thus has limited reach . You might need an additional light if things are too far away . Also found myself hitting things with it repeatedly , inadvertently adjusting it . Good light for it 's size/prize though !
 The light has worked great . We use it to check our dogs ears and it has also been used as a reading light . Only negative is the battery instillation .
 What can you say about a headlamp flashlight ? This one works . I use it in the shop and when working on the innards of a computer . It puts plenty of light wherever I 'm looking -LRB- a good idea , eh ? -RRB- . It remains cool to the touch and the strap is reasonably comfortable.In short , a handy led light for the shop .
 Perfect little headlamp for the price . It may not be the brightest on the market but it works fine for my needs . The beam is fairly narrow but I find that to be a plus . I especially like the ability to clip onto a baseball hat .
 The light is good - but the distance is not what I needed for working in a basement without electricity . I 'm helping to gut out homes after Sandy 's Wrath . I ended up getting a Streamlight headlamp for $ 32.00 . In my case , it was well worth the extra dollars . I can shed a lot more light on my subjects !
 I used my light last night when it arrived ... I take my dog for a walk every day ... It was raining/snowing out and that light worked great . It 's fits like a glove . It 's powerful on low . When you put it on high it works even better ... I am going to order more of these for our Cub Scout troop ...
 both the boy i gave this to and my husband like the product - i expect to see it around the house during the next blackout . -LRB- if not sooner -RRB- .
 Works well for hands free operation . Good construction and quality . Will use for night operations in a marine terminal environment .
 Everyone should have this in case of an emergency and I have used it on my dog for night walks !!!!
 always wanted one of these ; great product ! would purchase one for every member of the family too !! a necessary product to keep safe in storms .
 I use it to inspect my semi rig at 2 a.m. before heading out each morning . It provides plenty of light , where I need it , to be able to do my pre-trip inspection . I 've tried using headlights before , but they never worked very well . It 's refreshing to find a product that does what it says it will do . Thank you !
 Got this for my son . he loved it . It is made of good quility . Will order again from this company
 These items were purchased as Christmas gifts so they have n't been used yet . However , I was happy to find they came complete with batteries .
 This headlamp was given a good review in Backpacker Magazine and when I saw the price , I could n't pass it up . Nice , very light headlamp . Not sure why they use the over-the-head strap ? The light is so light that the headband alone would be fine but that 's a picky issue . I also bought the Burton RL4Brunton RL4 , 3 White & 1 Red LED Headlampat the same time , like both equally . The Streamlight has a longer focused beam throw while the Brunton has wider spread and a red LED feature I like when I do n't want to mess up my night vision . For the price of the Streamlight 61400 , you ca n't lose .
 Excellent product at reasonable price . I like the two AAA battery feature , becausse it is light and convenient to recharge if we use rechargeable batteries . Recommended .
 This was the rave at our last group camping trip . All the kids wanted one . Ofcourse , we only had enough for our kids + 2 more -LRB- which were supposed to be for us parents -RRB- to lend . Then I saw it for a little less @ Target . Think of all the things you 'll need light for hands free
 I purchased this headlamp to wear while running in the ragnar relay race . -LRB- a headlamp is required as the race goes all night and is in some remote areas . I was worried that it would be either uncomfortable being tight or keep slipping off my head while running . But neither was true at all . It didnt slip one bit and it was actually quite comfortable . The light was bright enough for the purpose intended .
 My nephew turned me onto this headlamp while camping . While I was fumbling with a flashlight , he just walked around with the ` Streamlight ' like it was daytime . It is certainly bright enough and lightweight , plus the straps make it comfortable and keep it on your head while you may bend over or under something . It also has a low and a high beam for certain uses . In a garage or basement , the high beam works great to see everything and if working on a car engine -LRB- or underneath -RRB- the low beam is perfect . If your house lights go out , this is much safer and brighter than using candles or holding a flashlight . You can wear this on your head while cooking over a Coleman stove ! The entire lighting works on only two AAA batteries.Another reason I like it for camping is that it is waterproof and the lens is polycarbonate , which makes it very durable and impact resistant . It 's lightweight and comfortable . It surprising when I think about all the times I went without one . I consider this a safety necessity . There are other headlamps on the market , but for this price , I ca n't think of a better deal .
 This headlamp is light , takes my kids abuse and works like it 's supposed to . I bought three for my 8 year old triplets and they have n't managed to destroy them and they have n't fallen apart on their own . Nothing fancy but not a bad headlamp for the price and my purposes .
 I 've had this headlamp for a couple of weeks now and have already put it to great use in the woods and even when our power went out . The ability to change from low to high beam is great and the amount of light it spreads is more than adequate . Comfort and angle adjustments are simple . No complaints whatsoever .
 This headlamp is really good and very easy to carry . I already got two from the same company and I love them .
 I recently went on a 33 mile hike in Big Bend National Park and it worked perfectly . We started every day hiking in the dark and finished the third day in the dark . It worked great for hiking in the dark .
 im doing work outside after dark and this handy tool will make the job easier it waterproof down to 1 meter so i can definately use it in the rain . im glad i made this purchase , i highly recommend this product .
 good quality construction good brightness adjustable output for different needs like the removable center strap i work on cars all day great for hands off lighting puts the light right were its needed
 Fits great , and has an adjustable band . The light angle is adjustable and has two different brightness levels . I 've had it for 2 months , and it 's still working and I use it 2-3 times per week .
 I 've had several types of head lights -- this one is light weight and supplies a tremendous amount of light and battery life is great !!
 Good price on a quality headlamp . There is n't much that one would need from a headlamp but this little light can be used with the band or on a hat . There are cheaper lamps out there , but there are also more expensive ones too . I like the LED , and impact resistant capabilities of this lamp . It 's also waterproof , which makes me feel confident about using it in the rain . I have used it camping and it works great .
 Just what we were looking for . Great light to get around dark campground . Lightweight . Good battery life . We camped for a week and used them pretty frequently and never changed the batteries . Could get a little uncomfortable after hours or wearing it on your head but over a beanie or on a hat brim it was perfect .
 This headlamp is great ! I use it for walking my dogs . The light is very bright and gives me a hands free . Love it !
 I 'm going to Peace Corps in a couple of weeks and saw this on the list of things to bring . I went camping this weekend and brought it with me to test out and its great ! Really convenient . There 's two options for brightness , strap is comfortable and it stays in place . I would definitely recommend .
 This hi/lo power lite is very small and light even though it has power for long periods . The 0.5 watt LED is just the same light that I bought at target years back under the River Rock brand name . This has been a very durable and handy flashlight . Wearing it around my neck is more comfortable for me to allow hands-free use .
 This thing is amazing , light weight , comfortable fit , long battery life , and tough . I closed a car door on it by mistake , no problem . Only light I need in my kit .
 I bought these as gifts for my nephews and they love them . This item is durable , provides great light , and is what I expected . I would buy them again .
 This only use 2 AAA batteries . It is still very bright and you can adjust the light direction . Your 2 hands are free to do anything you want . It is very valuable during camping .
 perfet to work on my car , my bikes , etc etc , and no need to use my hands to hold the light bicouse of the head strap , love it
 these were given to a 6yr old and 8 yr old boys . they loved them .
 works perfectly for my running , and not too heavy on the head . i like the dual light intensity and the settings so that i can look down toward my feet or straight out onto the trail . the price was great . i have recommended the light to my running mates .
 I absolutely love this light , I use it to walk my dogs at night and it is WONDERFUL . Works well , two levels of light and is a life saver at night . Cars can see me and I can find the stuff my dogs leave on the walk so I can pick it up .
 I have used this headlight for weeks now in hunting and camp situations and found it to be exactly as advertised.It is very good quality and the run time is nice . I use it mostly on low and it lasts very well with the 2-AAA batteries it uses which by the way are another reason I tried this in the first place because AAA are common and available as well as cheap to use . The Enduro is awesome for the price and the high setting is pretty good for about anything within reason for a light of this caliber . I ca n't speak of its waterproof design but it looks like it will take a drenching with no problem with the oring seal it has in the battery compartment cap.You ca n't go wrong for the money .
 GOOD , it is a good product , and fits perfect on the head , so adviseable to whom want to buy it .
 I use at work in dark garages , attics , anywhere there isnt enough light for me to work in.Leaves the hands free to get the job done.Keep one in your bail out bag , get home bag , and camping gear and you will see how handy they are .
 I researched headlamps for a while before committing to this one , and I have to say , this is exactly what I was looking for . I wanted something with a powerful light output that was well made . Streamlight is , in my opinion -LRB- and the opinion of the US Military -RRB- , the top manufacturer of LED flashlights , and this one tops all I 've researched . If you 're committed to buying on Amazon , I strongly suggest you go down to your local Sporting Goods store and test a few side-by-side before making your decision/purchase .
 As an avid hiker this product is great , two light settings and seems to be good quality . I used it tonight and its been great . Thank you , I would recommend this item .
 For several years my boyfiend had joked that he needed a miners helmet to work in some confined spaces in which he needed to use his hands such as wiring behind computer systems or behind other obstacles . As a joke I obtained this light as it was the closest thing that Amazon has to a miner 's helmet . This product is no joke . It has solved many of my boyfriend 's lighting needs whether working on cable arrangement , doing electrical work around the house or trying to find something in a deep cabinet . This light is the ultimate hands-free lighting solution for small projects . Multiple brightness settings allow the light to be flexible to what is needed and not over-brighten when it would be inappropriate -LRB- such as working with camera equipment during astrophotography , or working with anything reflective -RRB- . The light can not function for long periods of time -LRB- rated at 12 hours low-light , 6 hours on full -RRB- and therefore is probably only suitable to occasional or short-duration use and not for continuous use . It is a great light and works well for its size and cost .
 This is a decent head light . We got two , this one and the Streamlight 61052 Septor LED Headlamp with Strap . This one has a more spot on light while the other is a bit brighter and illuminates a larger area . If I was to buy again , I 'd probably stick with the Streamlight 61052 Septor LED Headlamp even though its a bit more , but if your looking for something on the cheaper side that will get the job done , this one will do just fine .
 Good product , as described has 2 levels of light low and high . Adjustable strap is comfortable and easy to adjust .
 Nice , simple and cheap . Puts out good light and with two settings it can last a long time . Easy to source and replace AAA batteries are a bonus . good built in clip for a ball cap is great . I use this thing to chop firewood all the time in the dark when I get home from work . Cant beat it for the $ 15 or so dollars it cost .
 Strap feels secure have n't used the clip for hat though.Overall bright light for the money , ajusts very easily . no complaints .
 This little light produces big results . It is powerful enough to illuminate your working area . It can even shine about 20 yards away but not very brightly of course . I very rarely have to use to the super mode , normal is bright enough for illuminating what you are working on with your hands .
 I do n't know how I got by without a headlamp . We just moved and I am doing a number of house projects , many of which are in areas that are not well lighted . This light weight headlamp really performs . Plenty of light and it is so light , you tend to forget it is on your head .
 I purchased this headlamp after some window shopping on amazon . For the price , it is just as it was described . It works great on both settings , it is light weight and so far very durable . I use it for navigating around the COP at night so that I do n't trip and fall . It is great for military tactical environments , so that your hands can be free . This headlamp is awesome for multiple use once this deployment is over .
 Super light , cant even feel it on your head . also good because you can clip it to your hat too . 2aa batteries , better than most compact lights which require 3aa . bright enough to do any working task . highly recommend it .
 this is a good product for the price . durable and strong elastic band . stays on my hardhat great . also clips and holds onto a hat very well .
 I bought this to use when taking my dogs for a walk at night . It is just as advertised and works great .
 Provides plenty of light output and is easy to use . I 'm glad it only uses 2 batteries , and 12h runtime on `` low `` is acceptable . I would like to have a `` strobe '' option but I ca n't be too choosy . Overall , an affordable headlamp that is easy to use .
 exactly what I ordered.The price was very reasonable and actually below retail . buying from this site was easy and enjoyable . I was able to track this item and it was delivered promptly . I would do this again anytime .
 Purchased this item to replace a wobbly lid that made you feel you are about to fall in and since this would be mainly used by a disabled person it had to go . The old one still had the same slow close feature so sturdy is all we needed . So far it is holding up very well and we could not be happier . Only time will tell if it stays sturdy and I will be sure to update if there are any shift problems . Would recommend based on performance so far .
 Great features : whisper close , easy-clean hinges , hard to find color -LRB- Tender Grey -RRB- , others with same features in this color cost $ 165 .
 Arrived on time . The seat proved easy to install . Great features ... whisper close , easy-clean hinges . You can by cheaper replacements , but you will be glad you spent the few extra dollars for what this product offers .
 Length :
 My American Standard elongated light grey colored toilet is 26 years old , but the flimsy seat needed replacing . I was so pleasantly surprised to see this new seat 's color matched PERFECTLY and was very sturdy with no-slam feature . I looked at toilet seat replacements online and found some to be $ 300 because they were new and stored since 1986 . For less than $ 53 I got a a perfect product . We installed it in 5 mins -- LOVE IT !
 I really like this item . I researched these because I wanted to match seats in our other bathrooms with the soft close . We have a 2 yr old and I did n't want to have to worry about it slamming down on her hands or something . Again , very nice and looks expensive .
 Good quality , easy install - first time I have used these twist / snap fittings but they are very straightforward - will have to see if they loosen with time but so fat so good . Quiet close works well .
 product was as avertised and more . delivery was fast . completely satisfied . highly recommend this product to all in need of toilet seat . Elongated Plastic Seat
 Never even though of such a seat until I had kids and they pulled the seat down on their fingers . This works great . No more smashed fingers . Easy clean hinges are nice . Easy to install .
 I 'm amazed I got sure quality at such a price . It absolutely matched my commode . The seat closes slowly . No more slam . -LRB- Not that it ever gets closed except for company . -RRB- But it is impressive . Wh were lucky on this one .
 I have used the saw for a couple of weeks and could n't be happier with its performance . All of the tolerances were very close and the fit and finish of the machine were excellent . The only issue with assembly was a slight warp in the extension table . Jet 's customer service -LRB- which I have found to be the best in the business -RRB- replaced it with no questions asked . The cabinet gives plenty of storage and is also setup to be used as a free-standing router table . It is a great saw and the accessories make it worth the extra price .
 This is the last saw you will ever need . The saw came in 8 boxes and took a full day to assemble but was well worth the time . The fence was easy to adjust and the square up directions are well layed out . The only complaint was the extention table board had a slight warp in it , but a small c clamp fixed it . With all the extras you get , you ca n't find a better deal . If you are looking for a cabinet saw then this is the one to get . Add the jet -LRB- NOT THE DELTA -RRB- sliding tabel and htc outfeed to have the perfect tool
 They should really be included with the vacuum but I am happy with quality . The tools are better than what you normally get for free with a shop vac . The floor tool is especially nice .
 This is the longest-lasting and fastest cutting blade in my collection . Quality carbide for sure . Can be sharpened a number of times . Make sure you sharpen it as soon as you feel you must apply more pressure for cutting or when the number of sparks starts to pick up .
 I got this blade after trying to cut alum stock with the standard abrasive wheel that came with my Porter-Cable 14 '' chop saw . The abrasive wheel did a very poor job at cutting through the 1 '' alum stock ; melting rather than cutting though the alum stock . This really sucked because I had to do 5-10 minutes of filing with every cut to clean up the mess . With the new blade , the cuts are fast and clean as a whistle ! No extra clean up work required . Worth every penny ! Say goodbye forever to the abrasive wheel !
 This is the exact blade that was the original on my saw . My other one lasted for many years . Even though they seem expensive they do a much better job without the mess of an abrasive blade.BW
 I 've tried to save a little money by buying bits from other manufacturers for my Keller jig and found them adequate but clearly inferior to the KELLER BITS . i 'D SAY IF YOU 'VE SPENT THE MONEY TO BUY A kELLER JIG THERE 'S NO SENSE TRYING TO SAVE A FEW BUCKS IF YOU NEED A NEW BIT , THESE WORK GREAT ,
 Used drywall patch to cover a hole i made while hiding wires in wall for TV mounting . Took 45min to cut and install patch and 1 day to dry . Painted wall and nobody can tell there was a ugly hole.Watch the youtube video for easy steps to install .
 I purchased an older home that use to have an obvious roof leak in the garage ceiling as seen by the water stain . After I replaced the roof , I started to prep the ceiling for painting . When I started to sand the stain , my hand went right through the dry wall . The spot was very deteriorated , but not large . I originally planned to buy a sheet of drywall and thought about all the leftover material I would have for just fixing this one spot . I was really happy when I was able to find the BPMI Drywall Plug that was just the right size . The repair was easy to fix , and you can not tell that there was a hole there at all .
 I 'm a big fan of Princeton Tec . I like the Pulsar II due to its size and weight . The switch takes a bit to lock in sometimes but that 's about the only thing I can find challenging with this light . Have about 6 of them on key chains . Have an Impulse and it is superior in features but it seems the batteries are always dead . I suspect that the way my wife carries it around the button must get pushed and drains it . So I choose the Pulsar II . The Surge is just awesome for a very powerful xenon flashlight . Very powerful and still uses cheap AA 's .
 Arrived on time . Quite bright and light in weight . Still functional six months later and very handy to keep on keychain .
 Even a reconditioned Bosch tool is a better tool than most other brands new .
 This replaced our American Standard porcelain double compartment sink -LRB- same size -RRB- . Our previous sink cost 3 times as much and chipped within months and rusted along the edges -LRB- severely -RRB- within a couple of years . Although it had a lifetime guarantee , what was I gon na do ... pack it up and send it back and wait for a replacement ? Though it took a while to decide what material to get our next sink in , the choice to get solid surface has been great so far . Though this sink marks easily , everything scrubs right out with a little soft scrub and scrubbing pad -LRB- easily -RRB- . Marks on the porcelain sink were permanent . I like the feel and quietness of this sink over stainless as well . Acrylic is a joke for something as heavily used as a kitchen sink and granite composite I did n't know much about -LRB- other than people reviewing about leakage and cracking issues -RRB- . The sink came with one hole -LRB- our preference as we were going with a contemporary faucet -RRB- and we had to drill out one more for a soap dispenser . No problems at all and there were even pilot holes on the underside so you could n't make a mistake on the alignment.The biggest surprise upgrade has been the change to a single compartment sink . At this size , the single compartment is HUGE , and every pot we own fits . It is much easier to clean pots and pans in this sink than the double compartment sink and large items like grill grates and full oven racks actually fit and can be completely submerged ! Anything smaller washes through the dishwasher anyway , and it has always been recommended that pots and pans be washed by hand due to the caustic properties of the automatic dishwashing detergents . Now , it is a lot easier to clean our pots and pans -LRB- and other stuff -RRB- . We also got a metal drying rack that fits over about a third of the sink that we can stack dishes in after being washed in the sink . The plates can simply just be sprayed off right where they sit and you 're done ! This system works great whenever we decide to wash anything by hand . Typically , you would wash in one and rinse in the other but that does n't work well when items do n't fit . Not missing the second compartment at all!On a lighter note , this sink probably makes a great baby bathtub .
 This sink was one of the best purchases we made in our do-it-yourself kitchen remodel.It was exactly as presented and the customer service when we called the company was friendly and helpful . We made a slight nick on the sink when a wrench slipped off the counter and hit the side . It only bothered me , but I knew I would see it forever . I followed the directions and sanded it out in no time . It is not visible , I ca n't even find where it was , three weeks later.The sink cleans beautifully with ordinary cleanser . It is a wonderful product .
 I love my new sink . It was easy to install , has a great finish and is so deep ! Lots of compliments on it over the holidays .
 I love this sink . I purchased it for in my laundry room . It is nice and large and works perfect for this area . Looks great too ! Way better than the standard laundry sinks ! I am very happy with it .
 It is a solid sink and serves our intended use admirably . Stains clean off easily . The sink is not loud , and is large enough on the one side for our large bowls , pans , and food dryer trays.Cons : attachment bracket screws are plasticOne of the attachment inserts was damaged , another fell out , And it was mighty difficult to fasten those along the front , having to slide hand with tool in it up between the deep sink -LRB- remember , deep -RRB- and the inside face of the cabinet and try to finagle the by then `` stoopid '' brackets into position and screw them down -LRB- up , as it were , lying on back with head under the sink -RRB- . If there is a trick to that , it would have been useful to have on the installation instructions . I had already applied sealer to the underside of the lip of the sink , positioned it , then discovered the fastening difficulty - how to line those things up -LRB- ! -RRB- - pulled it off and tried again , then cleaned up the gooey mess .
 Love the bone color . It matches our countertop perfectly . Love the feel of it . Love the sound -LRB- or lack of sound -RRB- when throwing things into it . Love the depth . Love the look . Can you tell that I love it ? Wish it was going in the house . We got it to replace the cheapest sink possible in our RV . Now the RV is better than the house . I can live with that .
 this sink is beautiful . it arrived quickly , packed well . this color will not show stains or scratches , even from metal pans that get scrubbed across it .
 The sink is so large and deep . Perfect for large pots and pans . Could bath a St. Bernard almost . Love it
 I have always seen these in use over the years by folks who do a lot of shipping and just never thought of having one until recently , and I am glad I bought it . You should never hassle with the tiny rolls and disposable applicator that comes with the tape . This works very well , has padded handle that is very comfortable to use . I liked it so much , actually , I bought another one when I packed and moved recently . A word of caution , however , the tape is cut by a super sharp jagged edge , so you do need to be very careful to keep it away from your fingers and other bare skin , but this is a necessity for an effortless cut at the end . Do yourself a favor and buy at least one . You 'll be glad you did .
 Ordered this , and the right hand support for my daughter 's antique toy chest . The lid could probably have been supported by this support alone . Once I added the right hand one as well , the lid no longer closes completely . She ca n't slam her fingers though , and she enjoys opening and closing the lid by herself . I do wish that the manufacturer had listed the weight that these supports hold .
 Fine product , but be aware that it allows only 60 degree opening of the lid . Might be a problem for hope chests or toy boxes .
 I 'm sorry to hear that some people have had bad results , but there seems to be some misunderstanding about what this tape is designed to do . It is a * delicate surfaces * painting tape and it 's intentionally manufactured with a lighter-than-normal adhesive . It 's for use for example on fragile old paint that would pull up when you removed conventional masking tape .3 M 's standard painting tape is called Scotch Blue * multiple surfaces * tape . It has a tackier adhesive and should be used in most cases . Use the delicate surfaces version only when you have to . They also make a high tack tape for jobs that required extra adhesive.That being said , this tape is a lifesaver when you ca n't use the regular tape . I live in a very old house and have to deal with fragile paint films and plaster that ca n't stand up to the regular tape . I 've found a surprising number of uses for this tape . The adhesive lasts almost forever without running or drying out . You can use it for temporary repairs or to stick things to the wall and it will still come off cleanly a year later , when other masking tapes would have melted , hardened , and bonded to the surface . I find myself using it for this kind of job all the time , more than I do for painting .
 As always , Scotch pulls through . What more can I say ? I needed to stencil something and needed to make sure the surrounding areas did not get spray painted . 2 '' tape certainly helps !
 I recently used this to paint my kids ' bedroom . It stuck to the ceiling , it held , and came off clean . 2 '' was the better size between it and the 1 '' .
 the grinder works good and the price was great . I would not hesitate to buy another one . It is an industrial quality tool .
 I have this grinder with a topside handle and SawTec shroud . It is a very good grinder . Its been in service for two years and has over 100 hours on it . 2 complaints - it is listed at 15 amps but I have tripped 30amp breakers with this unit running and no other power tools on the same circuit . Accessories and parts are difficult to locate from reputable supplies . I desperately need a replacement locking nut to hold non-threaded diamond cup wheels in place.My third complaint is specific to the SawTec shroud which is not low enough to contain the dust properly - I find myself putting duct tape around the bottom to keep the dusk inside -LRB- while attached to a dust collection system -RRB-
 As usual with small tools , its value surpasses its appearance . With this little tool , swapping out a hard drive in an iMac G5 is a much easier task . If that 's what you need to do , spend the few bucks for this tool first . If you 're a computer geek , put it in your computer tool kit for future use afterward . It 'll likely come in handy .
 When I opened the shipping crate , I was surprised to find lamps that were an off-white eggshell color - not something that would match the white trim on our house . When I went to assemble them , a few pieces of small hardware were missing , and you ca n't match this painted stuff at the local hardware store . This being said , they are beautiful lamps and we 're quite proud of them .
 This latch is great ! I have n't seen one since the one on my Grandma 's screen door back in the 1960 's ... It works as well as I remember hers did !
 This is one of the oldest designs and has a million uses around the house . I use them on doggie gates , doors I want to stay shut in my shop .
 This is a very rugged padlock . I will not worry that someone will cut it or damage it to the point where it unlocks . I am very satisfied with this padlock . It was shipped in a timely manner and arrived in good shape . Thanks .
 It was a good thing . to get this for free . it a good thing that I can use it . I would get again . You should try it today or tomorrow
 This valve fit my delta faucet that I was unsure of the model number for , and works perfectly . Thanks
 Just what I needed and no wasted trip to Home Depot or Lowe 's where the displays are is such array .
 Every now and then , a product comes along that , functionally , probably can not be improved upon . Such a product is the PigTail Food Flipper . It works exaclty as advertised . It is ergonomically very efficient . It turns almost anything except eggs . The nature of its design makes it `` handed , '' and for sinistrals it does come in a left-handed model -LRB- and it 's fun to watch a right-handed cook try to use it ! -RRB- The wooden handle and leather thong preclude its being put in the dishwasher , but the working end is a tapered cylindrical shaft of stainless steel which is easily hand-washed -- no problem.I appreciate the thoughtfulness of the left-handed model . Only problem is that its existence is n't well advertised , and most retail stores do n't stock it , or even know about it -LRB- Thanks , Amazon ! -RRB- It comes in the short and long versions , like the right-handed model . I 'd suggest creating an `` ambidextrous '' package of one of each , for couples of both persuasions .
 I have used this item for years now and ca n't say enough about how great it works . Easy to clean and I bought one for each of my family members ! Why did it take so long to invent ?
 I bought this for my son is a gift because he likes to grill a lot and I saw it being used on a TV show . I asked him how he liked it and he said it works great !
 I 'm sure these boots are great for the use they were intended , but they were the perfect final touch for my son 's Dr. Horrible costume as well .
 This saw is hard to beat for the price . It allows you to make very precise , small kerf cuts with surprising speed . I do n't think it 's an every day kind of tool for most people , but this is so inexpensive , and high enough quality that I would recommend it to anyone that 's at all handy .
 Before &#34; experts &#34; start complaining about my 5 star rating , I 'll admit that there are better Japanese saws out there , . . but I , and many others , ca n't afford them or dont want to risk the money untill they know what their getting into.If that is the situation -LRB- as it is for me -RRB- these saws are the perfect starting point.They are extremely thin and sharp.Once you get used to cutting on the pull stroke , very high accuracy is possible with very little waste and cleaner cuts than I 've ever seen from a hand saw.The afforably replaceable blades are held firmly in the plastic handle by a large plastic screw that has worked perfectly so far.Would I recommend this to a freind ? I already have .
 they are the best - what more can i say - they seem to last forever , and even after years of service still cut well ,
 We all have a bit of trouble when shopping in general , but even more so when shopping on line . Is it as good as it looks ? Is it really made well or are they talking more propaganda that fact ? Is the price reasonable or over blown ? Well , ... This saw is excellent in all areas . So , five stars ?? Sure you buy bigger , better , fancier , and -LRB- probably -RRB- gold plated someplace ... . This one `` could '' have fancy brass screws , could have a gorgeous teakwood handle , golden edges ?? -LRB- All humor , but you get my point ? -RRB- This is a great quality saw for the money . It will serve me well for years to come ... . who knows , maybe I will make that beautiful teak wood handle for it ? ha ha!Yes , I would buy it again if needed , lost , broken , or damaged . Do enjoy !
 Super sharp , flexible blade , and worth every penny.I bought it for my 8yo son because he wanted a dovetail saw . Once I got it , I kept it put up because it 's so sharp . It was the perfect saw for flush cutting a door frame with the existing drywall . Would recommend to anyone that looking for a nice and sharp flexible back saw .
 This is my second of these saws . Excellent product ! I use it at my woodworking business on a regualr basis .
 This is a good saw , but I really do n't have too many uses for it . I think someone else said - how often to you need to cut a dowel from a smooth surface ? For what it is , it is really excellent though - sharp blade , very flexible , etc. . Every time that I do grab for it , I am not disappointed . Cutting on the pull stroke seems to give extra control .
 I have used a larger , stiff-backed Shark saw for many years in my wood turning . Being well satisfied with its performance , I just acquired a Shark flush-cutting detail saw . I 've only used it a few times , but it seems to be a fine tool.Maker Dave
 I needed to cut a few oak thresholds that were worn out and needed to be replaced . I could have used my mitre saw but I happened to stumble upon this saw . This was purely an impulse purchase.After taking the time of reading several reviews offered on this product I realized that it would be worth checking out for the twelve dollar price.I can confirm from my own experience that this should be considered a disposable saw , as I 'm writing this review there is a replacement blade 10-2204 that costs ` almost ' exactly as the complete saw - that 's indicative of how cheesy the black plastic handle is on this `` Shark Saw '' . I find that to be quite silly.This saw cut three thresholds very much to my satisfaction , although I noticed that it did become a bit more dull after four cuts -LRB- I screwed one up -RRB- .
 Shark 10-2204 Dowel/Dovetail/Detail Saw - and anything else you want to cut . This is a comfortable saw for those little jobs.These saws are
 It 's not exciting , but you 'll never have to worry about it . This saw does a fine job , cuts smoothly enough , and can be thrown away when it dulls . For the price it is a fine addition to the shop . Just do n't confuse it with a premium tool . I have used it to clean up several through tenons and dowels and it 's still sharp . I 'm satisfied .
 This is a great little saw , it ca n't be beat for cutting dowels flush or cutting a door jam and trim flush to a new floor height . I now have two of these saws because I used my first one so much I 've worn it down ! Remember to always cut on the pull stroke because the blade is very flexible and will bend and kink if you try to cut in the forward direction .
 I lost mine a year ago and liking variety tried everything else ; gents saw , dovetail saw , japanese combination saw . I always missed this one and had to purchase another . It is just too handy for trimming dowels , cutting most any small stock . It is a fair flush saw , but does have some set to the teeth so you have to be careful . I 'm very happy to have this in my tool cabinet again .
 I 'm not a handy-gal , nor a woodworker . I just wanted a hand saw that would cut clean , even cuts through thick bamboo to make a dried flower vase . I bought this saw , and I think it does all the work and then some . The pull saw makes it easy to have a thin blade and still get the power you need to cut a hard , curved , hollow product . The teeth are self-cleaning . I highly recommend this as a stock hand saw for crafters as well as woodworkers .
 ok , its sharp.for cutting off small things like dowels it works fine . for trimming off larger peices , like thick edge banding it can be tricky for getting a straight cut because the blade is so flexible . as for cutting dovetails with this ... good luck . it will flex too much to get really straight cuts even using your finger or piece of wood to guide it . it would be good for cleaning cuts & corners out though .
 This is the second one of this type of saw that I have . Dovetails and miter cuts are wonderfully easy with it . The pull cut is much easier to control and it leaves a very smooth cut . Now that I have two handles I only wish I could find replacement blades .
 There are a lot of different activities in woodworking , some more fun than others . This saw is enough to make crosscutting really , really fun . Now I need to work on some more projects .
 This is one damn handy little saw . I use it for dovetails and trimming dowels , mostly . The blade is flexible , the saw is lightwieght and very easy to use . Best of all , the blade is replaceable and affordable . I do n't think you can go wrong with one of these .
 This is one of the least expensive tools I have , yet it never leaves my bench and I ca n't think of a tool I enjoy using more . The blade is extremely sharp , and its thinness and flexibility make cutting mortises easy . It slices through wood effortlessly , and with a laser-like clean line.Just buy it -- it 's so cheap that if you do n't like it , you are n't out much . And I bet you 'll agree with all these other reviewers that this saw is a gem .
 The first Shark saw I bought I was a little worried that I weould not get used it . This one is now number 4 and I am as pleased with this as was I with the others.I have just ordered number 5 . These are brilliant saws and deserve all the right up 's they can get . They do take a little getting used to but don ' r give . They are worth every penny .
 Wow , this worked great to trim my door jambs when installing my new wood floor . Lightweight and VERY sharp !
 have not used other than practice but works as advertised/great product/great shipper/will use this vendor again
 This is an easy to use saw . It is lightweight yet strong and cuts wood very easily . It does not require strength to use and thus is great for a woman 's needs . Love it .
 This is really a great utility saw that I use chiefly for sawing out door jams when I do flooring work . It easily fits into a work bag and you wo n't be disappointed !
 I own many of the Shark range of saws , and each is an awesome tool . Ultra sharp and hold their edge well . Pull saws are much easier to use than traditional western-style push cutting saws . This saw is equally as good and with a flexible blade is betetr suited for smaller detail cuts . Very happy with saws fast cutting ability which also leaves a nice smooth edge .
 Buy this saw if you do any type of finish carpentry . I use mine all the time . Very thin accurate cut.Blade bends like a piece of paper so you can get it flush to the wood to cut off dowels when pinning a tenon . Plenty of other uses .
 As a custom woodworker I have a love for tools that do the job I need done . The is the greatest little saw on the market . The only draw back is trying to find someone that sells it without going on line .
 If ever you needed a saw ... this is it . Simply amazing !
 As are most men these days I 'm into my power tools . This saw may just change your mind for many projects . I have used one for a while now and it lives up to its claims . It will trim flush without marring the surface around what you are cutting . It cuts fast and straight . I 've been using mine to cut dovetails and I actually like it better than my router ! With the Leigh dovetail jig -LRB- about $ 400 -RRB- I have a problem with tear-out . Using this saw , I can cut perfect dovetails , tennons and trim very small amounts with ease . It is faster and easier than setting up the expensive jigs . Of course it takes some practice , but once you try one of these saws you may never use a power saw for small cuts again .
 I have a number of moderately priced Japanese handsaws that I find are absolutely invaluable in traditional Western woodworking . The thin kerfs and double-cut teeth cut through wood amazingly fast , and the technique - cutting on the pull stroke - makes it exceptionally easy to follow a pencil line.This flexible cutoff saw has recently earned a place in my tool bag . The traditional double-cut design means you can cut on either side of the blade without scratching adjacent surfaces , unlike Western saws , which have teeth set to one side and can only be used on one side.Not only will this saw cut protruding dowels about as quickly as it takes to think about it , it does it better than any power tool you can imagine . What kind of power tool could you used to trim a dowel in the middle of an oak floor , after all ? With a price less than a package of blades for a Sawzall , it 's a bargain .
 I picked up this saw at a local hadware store on a spur of the moment thing . A project was held up because I did n't have a flush trim saw . I was putting off getting one , but when I caught sight of this saw on the rack while browsing I decided to buy this Shark saw not knowing how well it would work . I have Japanese ryoba and dozuki saws and really like how they cut on the pull stroke . No binding ! Well this Shark saw works great too . The teeth on this saw have no set so it allows you to use it on either side and with either hand . There are some flush trim saws that have teeth set to one side and the disadvantage is that you can only use it right-handed and only on one side . Also , some western style trim saws do n't cut totally flush and you have to use a chisel plane or sand them flush . With the Shark you can trim dowels totally flush . The thing to remember when using Japanese saws is to let the saw do the work and that they cut on the PULL stroke . The other nice thing about this Shark saw is that the inexpensive blade is replaceable .
 This is a fabulous little saw . With a 0.020 '' kerf , I use it for cutting fret slots in guitar fingerboards . It cuts beautifully and stays much sharper than my gents saw from Crown . I think Japanese saws are inherently superior to Western saws , and this one is a real winner . For 13 bucks , just get it ! You WILL love it .
 I agree with most everyone else here ... this is a great saw for the money . I have a dovetail saw , that I have used for years so I mostly use this little saw for trimming dowels and making wooden hinges . It is so easy to get an accurate cut and stop on the bottom cut line that I have quit using the bandsaw to make hinges . The blade , when sharp of course , cuts thru even the hardest hardwoods and leaves a very clean cut . Cleanup with chisel and file is almost totally eliminated . New blades are as cheap as paying to have it sharpened so there is no reason to have a dull saw . Recommend this one highly .
 What a difference ... I 'm a student , trying to come to grips with the different facets of woodworking.I 'm a rank beginner - so , i had nothing to `` unlearn '' - push vspull . it 's very simple to use , the thin kerf and super sharp blade slicing wood like you wo n't believe ! The only `` gripe '' is the absence of a spine - you 'll do well tospend a bit more and get the Dozuki . . All in all , a Great Saw !
 I 'm a big power tool buff , but I must admit , I feel an acquaintance with a time when life was simpler , and smarter , when I use this tool . It cuts so well that you do n't mind putting out what little elbow grease that it requires . Since the cut is done on the pull , instead of the push , you are guaranteed a straight cut . At least as far as the blade is responsible for . With typical saws , using the push cut , caught in a mini bind , is enough for the saw to flex , and cause and uneven cut . Since metal will not stretch , by pulling it , it only has one option , and that is to stay on course . As others have commented , this tool gives you a very clean cut , without buggering the surrounding material.With the replaceable blade , you are guaranteed a long life tool . Additionally , as a manufacturer , Shark is very popular , so replacements are available widespread , as well as here at Amazon.Very nice saw for dovetails , and cutting plugs , or anything else that you need an accurate cut on . The hardest cuts to make are the small ones , and they tend to show the quality of your work the most . Nothing looks worse than that small corner , that was cut incorrectly . Stands out like a sore thumb . Cutting a 2x6 evenly is easy , but cutting a 1 '' edge on a workpiece , takes a lot more . This is the tool to make you shine . Highly recommended .
 Shopped around for a toilet tissue holders -- not a task I recommend . -LRB- so little time so many holders -RRB- But a neccesary one when you want your bathroom to be `` just right '' ! Most that fit the bill of traditional with a modern edge were priced over $ 100 . This one actually looks as good and is priced about half . Elegant , well made with a nod to old world charm . Thank god this is a once-in-a-blue-moon purchase -- spending too much time and energy on a toilet paper holder seems somewhat disturbing .
 Superior quality product . Fast shipping and very happy with it . I have written this review 2 years down the track and can confidently say this product is excellent . The company has excellent standards of quality .
 Having used both western saws and japanese saws for a time , I can look back at projects and instantly tell which was made with which . This could be due to an improvement in skill but I am not the only convert who has seen the results . The japanese saw does an astounding job . This is due to its superior design ; its ease of use , its quality of cut , its smaller kerf , its insane sharpness , and its speed . Of course there are westerns saws that have these qualities but rarely have I ever seen them all in one saw . Logically , people will argue that there are such saws to be had in a western design but one must consider the fact that to buy this superior western saw you must take your old saw and hack off your arms and legs to pay for it . Now where are you?As I look at this particular saw I see an easy recommend and not only because I have one . As a college student and amateur woodworker I have several concerns when buying tools , quality and cost -LRB- I am a college student ! -RRB- . This saw provides both and a little bit more . Not only is it inexpensive in light of other japanese saws , it is n't a cheap saw either . I would say that it makes a good transition saw for a traditional western user , it is not so expensive that you can not try it out to make up your own mind . It is also a transitional saw for those like me who ca n't quite afford a great Dozuki yet , use this one or another like it Sharksaw makes an entire line of affordable japanese saws from ripping to ultra fine trimming 30 teeth for inch -LRB- find a western saw that has that or imagine the dovetails -RRB- , find out what you do n't like about it or what you do then search out a better quality saw that suits your needs.I will use a car analogy here , most of us are learning to drive these for the first time . Why invest in a Rolls Royce and wreck it than start with a used Ford that is dependable and replaceable ?
 Shark 10-2210 Miter Box Saw - this is very good for several uses due to its flat parallel edges . Though I have used several of their saws for miter cuts , this one is the best of the group for that work.These saws are
 I agree totally with the previous reviewer . This whole line of japanese pull saws cut like laser beams . These are the only hand saws I use . For me , there is 1 draw back ... the blade is so thin and flexible that I initally had trouble making the blade cut a nice 90 degree end . The blade had a tendency to bend and start cutting at an angle . I overcame this by cutting a small groove on the top and sides of the board to be cut and then followed that . Works great now .
 Whenever I would buy a handsaw , I would typically get one of those large saws with large handles and large blades . Before long they would become dull and useless . I have used this Shark saw , along with a similar Shark saw , to cut several types and sizes of wood . It cuts quickly and easily . The cutting is done on the pull stroke -LRB- only -RRB- which results in far less bending of the blade . In fact , once you get the hang of it you may find that the blade will never bend during use . Every cut I have made has been clean & straight with little or no splintering of the wood . Keep in mind that this saw is not meant for heavy-duty use . It is designed for making precise cuts in smaller pieces of wood such as plywood , moulding , trim , lattice , etc. . You could probably cut 4 x 4 's , 2 x 8 's , etc. . But that 's not what it is designed for . Along with my other Shark saw , this is by far the best handsaw I have ever used .
 Unbelievable.So smooth and rips the pee out your piece . I have been struggling with a cheap saw that came with a box and did n't know I was using an inferior saw and that it was costing me dearly.This works 5 times better .
 The saw 's handle provides optimal control , it makes an accurate cut and is easily adapable for most miter boxes . The only change I would make to the saw is more teeth per inch for a finer cut .
 I bought this saw to cut plastic pipe for rainwater downpipes . The saw cuts neatly and quickly through plastic pipe . The teeth are very sharp and starting the cut is easy . The saw cuts on the pull stroke meaning it takes less effort to cut than a standard push saw . It worked very well .
 These saws cut PVC pipe very quickly and easily . Nice and straight and no burrs to clean off . Have been a professional irrigation installer since 1989 and these are the best saws I 've used . I 've only been using them for a few weeks so ca n't comment on how long they will last but so far so good . The supplier was very good to deal with . Included an extra saw because they felt that the shipping cost was a bit high and posted very quickly . Took less than 2 weeks to arrive on my doorstep in Western Australia from USA . Could n't fault service or product .
 Shark 10-2207 Compass Saw - though not as thin a blade as the other Shark saws , this one has some serious cutting power . I recently had to use it instead of a jig saw for curved cuts in two feet of 1 '' hardwood . It did the job perfectly -LRB- my aim at holding it perpendicular was n't as perfect -RRB- . These saws are
 I own almost every other type of Sharksaw out there , because I think they are simply the best value for money and quality pull saws available . I added the Compass saw mainly for drywall work as I am renovating at the moment . This saw allows curves and tight radii to be cut and works very well on drywall and sheetrock applications . Teeth are very sharp and precisely ground . A nice tool indeed .
 Got this for cutting a tighter radius than I could with a drywall stab saw . Not as flimsy as the standard compass saw , sorta in between the 2 types of saws . It requires a drilled pilot hole but cuts fast , straight , tight & clean in wood , drywall or any none metallic material . Sharp as all get out and made the installation of an outside wall exhaust fan , vent hood & wall timer switch much easier . Barely showed any wear , a great value for the quality .
 In the construction of my house , I found a regular handsaw somewhat exhausting to use . A circular saw creates an incredible mess . To finish my basement , I bought this Sharksaw . What a find ! Using this , instead of a circular saw , kept the sawdust from flying all over the basement and the rest of the house . The saw cuts wood incredibly fast on the pull stroke ! No longer do I get worn out from using a handsaw to cut multiple boards.I cut through hundreds of boards -LRB- 2x4 , 2x6 , 1x3 , plywood , treated -RRB- with ease , leaving a near perfectly smooth cut edge every time . The saw is very easy to start and guide a square edge with . When ripping , it is more difficult to guide . But it does ripcut.The blade is very narrow , so it cuts not much wider than a pencil line . The blade is very sharp . Treat it as you would your sharpest meat cutting knife . It comes with a plastic cover for the edge and a cardboard sheath . It has a hole in the blade to hang on a peghook.This saw features compact size , ease of use , accuracy of cut , and easy clean up . This will be my only handsaw . I love it !
 I was very skeptical about this saw , so much so , that I thought about not purchasing it . After using it , I wish I had purchased it long ago . This saw is one of the easiest to use , with an aggressive `` bite '' and comfortable handle . It is the first saw I turn to for general carpentry use , and is my favorite in my tool shack -LRB- garage -RRB- . For those of you who do not use saws a lot , this is an excellent beginner saw as well as an excellent saw for pros.With most saws , if you mess up the teeth on the blade , you would have to throw the saw away . I messed up the teeth on my blade by loaning the saw to my son -LRB- who promptly left the saw out in the rain , and having tried to saw through a nail -RRB- , but was able to use it for another 6 months before I had to buy a replacement blade -LRB- # 01-2312 -RRB- . This saw is an excellent addition to any toolbox/shop .
 Light , sharp , easy to use -- you ca n't run out of good things to say about this great saw . The thin blade cuts through wood , particleboard , PVC , whatever -- with virtually no effort . And the pull saw is very easy to control to get precise cuts with minimal effort . I like this saw so much I often find myself using it instead of my circular saw . A perfect tool .
 Shark 10-2312 12-Inch Carpentry Saw - This started me on my addictive path to get every one of the Shark line of pull saws . From the first cut -LRB- not very straight , but that was my fault -RRB- , I was sold . This is a work-horse saw . For anything other than trim , I pull this one out first.These saws are
 This is the BEST handsaw I have ever used . My brother has owned one for about five years , and put it through more abuse than I care to mention . Despite years of use , neglect , and among other things , cutting roots in soil , his saw still cuts almost as well as a new one . I finally got one for myself , and it is a joy to use . A handsaw that actually cuts effortlessly ? Yes , this saw is it . It takes less than 20 seconds to cross cut a 2x4 , and that 's if you 're trying to cut a straight line . A rough cut takes less time . Wet pressure treated lumber is n't a problem either . Takes a bit more time , but still a breeze . With so many power tools these days , corded and cordless , hand tools are often overlooked . However , the convenience of a hand tool ca n't be dismissed . Instead of having to drag out a bulky , heavy , noisy power saw , you can use this awesome saw and make a few quick cuts in the same time it would take to get ready to make the cuts with a power tool . The blade is thin , high carbon steel with hardended SHARP teeth . Easy to change too ! The handle is comfortable in the hand . With a thin kerf and teeth this sharp , the pull stroke cutting action allows more precise control . Just an excellent tool . Make sure to keep the blade gaurd on the teeth when not in use to protect them , and yourself . Made in Japan .
 This is far and away the best small saw I have ever used . I have a lot of experience with pruning and log cutting hand tools , and I have spent a lot of money getting saws that work well . This is not a pruning saw , I use it for carpentry , but no other saw I have used compares to this one for the smooth and fast and effortless cutting it will accomplish . But be aware , if you accidently saw a nail , this saw will self destruct , not just get dull , but actually break off the teeth . It is such a wonderful saw that I bought a replacement right away and I am very happy to take the extra care of keeping the guard on the saw and storing and using it with care , because it is such a wonderful small saw to cut with .
 This is a great saw . How easy does this make sawing ? I had to cut a strip off two pieces of plywood -LRB- 3/4 '' -RRB- . Each piece was 2ft ... 4ft of sawing . My table saw was currently set up with a rip blade , changing to the crosscut blade would have taken just under 2 minutes . Cutting by hand was faster , one minute flat .
 This is a great pull saw at a great price . It has a replaceable blade which is very handy . If you have ever been frustrated while sawing using a `` western '' saw because the saw buckles than this is what you want . It cuts on the pull stroke . I would highly recommend any pull saw but this one wins out because of its price .
 Thanks to those others who published their comments . Not only did they prove true , they substantiated the claims of the vendor . A great saw for a great price .
 This saw has changed my views on handsaws . It 's easy for a woman to use , inexpensive , not made in China -LRB- huge -RRB- and cuts easily . I 've used mine for many things and am going to order a new blade tohave on hand , as this is now my go-to saw . I dislike power tools , especially saws , so was really , really happy to find a manual saw that works so easily and so well . The only downside I have found is that theplastic knob that holds in the blade loosens up with use . But for the price , I highly recommend this saw .
 This is a great saw . Be careful though , it is very sharp and could cause damage if you are n't careful . The sharpness is what makes it a great product .
 This lives up to the reviews that I read before purchasing . Pleased . I kept the container and the saw blade guard that it came with and use them religiously for storage .
 I needed to cut 1/2 inch plywood board . This saw did the job with out any problems . Blade is very sharp , be careful.Would recommend this saw to anyone who needs a good everday saw . Only cuts on the pull stroke . You may have to get used to this . The Japanese saws work only when you use a pull stroke . Worked great .
 I hate cutting PVC . So much so that I 've put off a relatively simple project for almost a year . Finally decided to do it , and this saw was lying on top of the hacksaw I was reaching for . Hmmm , there 's a picture of PVC being cut.Tried it . All I can say is `` hot knife through butter . '' 4-inch PVC cut 10 times faster than with the hacksaw -- and straight , too.Knew my husband liked this saw for wood , but it 's the best thing I 've ever seen for PVC .
 This is the second one of these saws I 've owned -LRB- had the first for 12 years -RRB- and it is simply indispensable . Cutting on the pull seems to give me a lot more control and a straighter cut than a traditional handsaw . I use it frequently and it 's just a great tool .
 Anyone who does woodworking should have this saw . It 's light weight , flexible and cuts like a dream . We 've used it for so many things . Would highly recommend this one .
 I have had this saw for eight years and it has never let me down . Cut 2x4s , hardwood , plywood in all shapes and forms . Accuracy was dead with fast cutting time . The thin blade cut very smoothly and efficiently . When I get too lazy to take out my miter or circular saw to do small and accurate cutting , this is what I reach for . If you are a homeowner or a contractor and need a reliable and easy to use hand saw , do not hesitate to get this one .
 A great saw to have around and a great value that ca n't be beat . It is small enough to fit into tight places as well as a medium to large toolbox . Probably not the greatest for plywood cutting and the plastic handle is certainly not great . But for $ 16 you ca n't go wrong . A winner .
 Cut on the pull , easy blade replaceent and high quality construction .
 I 've been using a table saw in conjunction with a hand-held jigsaw for a while now , but a recent accident left me a little frightened of my power tools , so I decided to try out a hand saw for all my woodworking projects.This saw is just amazing!It almost feels like I can cut as quickly using this as I can with my jigsaw.Rip cuts are a little harder , but all cuts are really easy with the tooth design of the Shark.Two things to keep in mind
 the saw is as good as I knew it would be . It works great and the price was good .
 This is the first pull-type hand saw I 've ever used . It has a narrow kerf because the blade cuts in tension rather than compression . I 've got to rate this item great ! I 'd give it ten stars if I could .
 My only memories of hand saws were from using my dad 's old 70 's era push-cut beast as a kid . It was slow , difficult to control , and laborious . This has completely changed my opinion of hand cutting . It works incredibly fast on cross cuts -LRB- do n't force it , just let the weight of the blade do the work -RRB- and reasonably well on rips -LRB- though seemingly a bit slower for some reason -RRB- . The handle is well designed in that the angle allows you to grip it horizontally -LRB- as you would in most circumstances -RRB- but also vertically for sawing into a board -LRB- teeth away from you -RRB- which I used to put notches in a board to make a joint . I 've been reaching for it more often than power saws lately because it is quick , fast , less messy and not noisy .
 I saw the videos in the Shark site and this saw makes everything this videos show . It 's incredible how fast , accurate and clean are the cuts , I just throwed away my other two hand saws , strongly recomend it .
 Beware , the blade is aggressive and very SHARP . Just brushing up against the blade by accident will snag your skin , so keep that little plastic cover that comes with the blade and use it to keep the blade sharp and your skin from being cut.If you loose it , go get a ` report cover ' from &#34; Office Max/Depot &#34; and use that plastic ` sliding bar ' to slide onto the blade as a protective cover .
 Cuts quickly and easily . Just built a cabinet box and installed some doors ; the sharp , flexible blade works great for cutting 2x4s , finishing Skilsaw cuts in plywood , let me trim the shims precisely without damaging the wallboard or the door frame . I 'm using this constantly .
 These shark saws are the bee 's knees . I have the 12 '' and the 18 '' and I use them all the time . I have almost quit using my circ saw except for breaking down sheet goods . I 'm framing a bedroom renovation right now and I use these more than any single power saw . They 're just so much more convenient to haul up a ladder and trim something , or cut 2 '' off a 10 ' stud without having to wrestle it over to the miter saw or futz around with the circ saw . By the time I got the power tool ready to go , I 'm already done with the handsaw.It 's worth noting that these are crosscut saws , they are ineffective for ripping solid wood.For general carpentry I would not give up air nailers for a hammer , or replace my impact driver with a brace . But for crosscutting studs and other general carpentry tasks , I 'd MUCH rather have the 12 '' and 18 '' Shark Saws than a circular saw.P.S . I do think really good Western saws are better , under ideal conditions -LRB- a knee-high sawbench for 26 '' handsaws and ripsaws , and a workbench for fine work with small backsaws -RRB- . But they 're also a LOT more expensive and not nearly as versatile or durable .
 I have used this saw a few times since purchase . I have not found a wood that it will not cut well . It does not cut as smooth as some of the other Shark saws , but is quick and easy to use . The handle gives you a great grip and a good angle for your wrist .
 The positive review are true . While this may not be the most `` WOW '' tool you 'll ever own , it is pretty slick .
 This was a valuable discovery ! Just the `` pull stroke '' alone is better than the old `` push pull . '' I wanted a saw to use mainly with my artwork and was going for the fine cut model 10-2440 but , after reading all the reviews , decided on this more `` all-purpose '' carpenter 's saw . Great decision . This saw has cut everything I 've tried with little effort , including a 4 '' x 4 '' redwood post ... and very small , -1 '' pieces . Though the saw appears fragile , it 's not . I like the fact that even as flexible as the blade is , it cuts a straight line through thick material as though guided by an extra hand . Be forewarned , the fine teeth can grab you if you are n't careful . As Bealing says , this will be my only saw -- although I 'm sure I 'll get other Shark blades just for the fun of it !
 I have had my saw for over five years and I have cut everything from bones to trees to PVC . Even with half the teeth missing it is still usable . I tried to replace it with another saw but nothing comes close . So I just ordered a replacement blade . This also makes a great backpacking saw ; it 's lightweight and compact with the handle removed .
 One of the best saws I ever used . I was able to cut 1/8th of an inch off on a piece of 2x4 .
 This is my first pull saw and I was impressed . It is very sharp and cuts easily thru pine and cedar . Has a little more trouble thru maple . Only real negative has nothing to do with this saw but the pull system . When I 'm cutting the sawdust hides the line I 'm following . Have to keep blowing on it to see the line . Not a big deal .
 Well , it 's probably even sharper . These saws are amazing ! They cut so effortlessly and smoothly . With very little effort at all , you can cut through a thick piece of wood . What might take you twenty strokes with a traditional western handsaw , will only take half a dozen with this beauty . Next time , you 're tempted to plug in your circular saw and use the extension to do some cutting outside , just pick up one of these . You never need any power , no batteries , just pure human power and there 's a great sense of satisfaction when you cut a piece of wood without the use of a power tool instead of wasting energy . At least the kind of energy that can pollute our earth .
 I bought this saw as my all-purpose saw because of all of the great reviews . It makes a nice cut , with a very narrow kerf . It does n't leave a finishing-quality surface , but it 's also not to far off . Just a little bit of sanding required .
 Blade is fantastic . The handle came unscrewed while I was using it and I thought it broke . I simply tightened it . Makes it easy to change blades . Not as &#34; Solid &#34; as I thought . With that said it 's a very very very sharp blade and cuts through 1 x 3 wood nicely . Have not used it on PVC yet . It 's a good product . Made in Japan we like that . Great tool to have . I would buy another .
 I came to know this type of saw when I was stationed in Japan . Brought back two and unfortunately they finally had their day . Was glad to find this one . Absolutely great !
 Excellent saw , easy to pull , sharp and cuts fast , leaves very smooth cuts , can separate the handle from the blade for safety and easy storage in my tool box . Other pull saws do not separate the handle from the blade this way . Do n't leave home without it .
 I bought this saw to build some simple furniture and shelves in my apartment , and was incredibly impressed by it.Super easy to start , it pulls through 1x and 2x lumber with incredible ease , and unlike push saws or jig saws , it just creates a fine pile of dust under the wood -LRB- rather than spraying -RRB- , making it very easy to clean up.Used with a miter box you will get smooth , clean cuts that look like they came out of a table saw.I really love this saw .
 never thought i needed one of these until i watched a couple youtube demonstration videos with people using this tool with multiple uses .
 I just got the saw , in a word the saw is amazing.I cut a 3/4 '' plywood 12 '' long as a test , it was so easy , smooth and fast .
 I 'm a carpenter and have tried many other brands , this is the one I prefer . A few dollars more but you get what you pay for .
 Best sheetrock saw I ever used . Very stiff , sharp as a razor . Easy to be accurate with this saw . Handle is very comfortable , but is a little bulky and sticks in your pouch .
 I 'm a full time restoration carpenter . This little bugger is by far the best jab saw I have ever used in my 38 years in the trades . While recently installing a medicine cabinet I encountered a stud in the way and zipped right through it with the Rockeater . So it does more than just cut drywall . A good tool to have in your inventory .
 I have had untold numbers of drywall saws . This is without doubt the very best . It penetrates easier , it cuts faster and is more comfortable to hold . What more could you ask for in a jab saw ?
 I have to agree with all other customers . This is something unbelievably good for construction . The only thing is that you would need to buy a pouch for it , coz it does not come with one -LRB- unless u have a special spot for it on yr toolbelt -RRB- I 've never tried to fight bears or terrorists but i can ensure that there is no a better sheetrock saw on a market
 This is a very noble drywall saw . It takes a firm command of the drywall and tidily administers to it with such dignity - a trait I find boorishly lacking in most other drywall saws . The patrician cast and venerable blade make it a dignified and baronial addition to your workshop . I myself feel a workshop too ignoble a home for this drywall saw , and have instead mounted it above my fireplace where its eminence can be more proudly displayed .
 I collect drywall saws and currently have over 352 in my personal collection . The Rockeater by Shark is the very best drywall saw available to mankind . I use it everyday and it has never let me down . I am so impressed by this saw that I had a custom leather sheath made so I can wear it at all times . Not only does it make drywall work a pleaseure but I have also used to to cut down trees , cut off the door of an SUV to help remove a crash victim , kill a bear during a hiking trip and fight off an attack by radical insurgents in the Anwar province in Iraq . I would recommend buying two of these beauties ... one for each hand ... especially when fighting bears or repelling insurgent attacks .
 This product was sold at a reasonable price . The product is true to its description . I would recommend this product to others .
 This thing cuts drywall like butter . I used it to cut plastic out some sprinklers too.Very sharp and serrated like a prison shank that will save you from Fleece Johnson
 This saw is perfect . 99 % of my cuts are for cutting a hole in the middle of sheetrock , either for making a path for cables or cutting out a wall mount plate . The sharp tip of this knife pierces through even double sheetrock with ease , and the double-tooth blade is very sturdy and fine . It cuts quickly and with precision . My first time cutting through double sheetrock I did n't even realize , I thought I was at a bad angle for the cut and it was giving me minor trouble . I was very surprised when I knocked the pieces out to see two layers behind.The handle is contoured nicely for grip . It 's soft enough that you could bang on with a free hand to get into the wall -- but again , the sharp tip makes this unnecessary . A little twisting of the knife will get into any wall quickly.I saved the sheath from my previous saw -LRB- its only plus -RRB- and use this one all the time .
 I needed to cut a few decent sized holes in my drywall , so I decided to purchase this item based on the positive reviews . This saw was perfect for my needs . The tip of the saw was perfect for the initial entry into the drywall , and the teeth were very sharp , making it very easy to cut through the drywall . I was able to cut up to an 18x4 inch hole in my wall with ease . Would recommend to anyone in need of a drywall saw .
 This product was very easy to poke through my drywall and make very clean cuts . The handle feels good in my hands and has good grip . This was easier to use than I expected , but this was my first time using one of these . I just put the point where I wanted to start my cut . Held it with one hand while I hit it with the palm of my other hand . One good hit and I would go through the drywall with ease and a clean cut .
 The product is ultra sharp . Use it with caution . I have read the comments on the product and know that it is very sharp . But the first time use still surprised me for its sharpness . Cutting drywall is like cutting paper .
 a very useful tool , top of the range as far as quality goes , no much to surpase it , very satisfactory .
 Vendor and delivery were excellent . Would use again and highly recommend . Rockeater drywall saw is the best on market . -LRB- my opinion -RRB-
 Being in the electrical field for 20 + years ive used dozens of drywall saws of many brands . The blade is very stiff wont flex under moderate pressure . The teeth and tip are very sharp , aggresive and will make short work cutting any lenght of wall board . The handle is hard plastic and the overall weight of the tool is very light .
 Easy to punch through the wall to get started , fairly easy going on the cutting . Maneuvers well -LRB- turns -RRB- . Good product .
 The best drywall saw there is ! Supersharp ! A blade cover would help to protect it . highly recommended ! as well as other Shark products .
 The name Rockeater says it all ! This saw will tear through drywall before you know it . Watch those fingers ! The teeth are big and sharp , requiring little effort to make it go . Just saw at a bit of an angle so the backing paper cuts , not rips , and its smooth sailing . Dragging the blade along the back edge of the cut when finished will take off ragged paper , if any , too . I love the speed of this tool . It really shaves time off drywalling jobs . Thanks , Amazon !
 I have found Shark products to be well made using quality steel . This saw is no exception.The stiff blade makes driving the saw through drywall to start the cut easy . The sharp teeth cut the paper with minimal fraying and tearing . The teeth hold their edge well.As an added bonus , I have found that this saw is great for cutting off tree roots that you may encounter while hand digging holes in the ground .
 i love this thing . do not buy anything else ! i use this for plastic and plywood , too . it 's so so so sharp .
 I used this for carving pumpkins on halloween and it is just awesome . I laugh at all the poor people using tiny little saws or paring knives while I grip the solid handle of this thing and saw through pumpkin flesh like butter . Not good for detail work though , you need an x-acto for that .
 Been using this saw for years still as sharp as when I first bought it.Cuts right threw wood lathe and plaster !!! Drywall no match .
 I am a DIY person and have limited experience with drywall . I had to cut two square holes . The first I cut with a &#34; box-knife &#34; sort of tool . I made a mess . Then I shelved the project , ordered this tool , and finished it the day this arrived . It does two things relly well best as I can tell -LRB- professionals please excuse me -RRB- .1 . It cuts drywall clean and smoothe without destroying the outer paper . It 's easy to cut straight lines as well as curves with this .2 . It 's a great fine tuning &#34; touch up &#34; tool if you need to shave just a little drywall off in a particular area.I am very happy with it .
 I was installing a port to run an HDMI cable through a wall . I 've never ever done anything remotely like this . This drywall saw made super quick work of cutting out a hole to fit the outlet . This is likely the only time I 'll need this thing , I 'll have to find somebody to give it to !
 I am a low voltage technician and I have owned this sheet rock saw for a couple of weeks now . It definitely does what it says it can do . Very sharp blade cuts neatly and accurately . Does not require a great amount of force to penetrate tough sheet rock or double sheet rock . It is up for any challenge . The only thing that could improve is the handle . It fits comfortably in your hand but , it does n't have a flat end like the Klein or Dewalt saw to pound into the wall while being easy on your hand . This is a minor inconvenience due to the sharpness of this blade . I still rate it 5 starts . Best sheet rock saw I 've ever used .
 This is the best drywall saw there is ! Supersharp ! A blade cover would help to protect it . I would highly recommended for any drywall work .
 This is the 3rd one I have purchased -LRB- literally wore out one -RRB- and they are simply the finest pruning saws I have ever used . Cuts fast , clean and requires less energy and power when you learn to cut on the pull stroke rather than push .
 This is my second set , in my business they are a mustSchelin HomeCraft
 I 'm and Electrician and so we always have to carry a drywall saw around . I was carrying one inside of my bags but after a while the saw would start cutting into my tool pouch . This sheath is great because its tough leather that is n't going to fray after awhile . I at first did n't like the thin strap that hooks to the belt I wanted a thicker one that holds it more solidly to the belt but when you have something hangs down so long you want your sheath to get out of the way of your legs than to stay firm .
 Being a manufacture and errector of timber frame building in the United Kingdom The SharkGrip Crowbar is the best i have used in the last 20 years . My current model is the 24inch version which is used daily to extract 4 inch nails from the timber frame buildings we are errecting . The pointed ends allow the bar to be driven into the timber around the nail head and a sharp pull on the lever and the nail is out . In do in this little damage is done to the timber and this can be undertaken in the tightest of corners . This is something that most other crowbars fail to do because of their shape and geometry.The other use is as a lever the sharp flat end is ideal for slipping under panels to lift them.I hope that if you purchase a bar you are as happy as my joiners are when the nick mine .
 superb wood craftsman tool . discovered the system by chance . &#34; pull cutting &#34; a necessity in every work shop . very easy draw .
 We liked our pull saw so much that when the blade got dull we had to order a replacement blade .
 Th saw bade was purchased as a gift from Amazon.com . The recipients of the gifted blades were very well pleased .
 I bought a pack of two different Shark saws at Costco several years ago . I love them . I use the carpentry saw everywhere , including cutting branches and small trees . It has such aggressive teeth that it just rips through almost anything . Eventually I broke some of the teeth off . I ordered 2 replacement blades , because as much as I use the saw , I will eventually need the 2nd . I did have an initial problem with the fit of the replacement blade into the handle , like one of the other reviewers had . There does appear to be minute difference in the replacement blade compared to the original . I just inserted the blade repeatedly and firmly -LRB- 8 or 10 times -RRB- until the handle lock finally snapped into place . Now it works great .
 BEST saw cutting blade around ! Use them all the time for 10 years now . Will get blades as I need them . Last a long time !
 The picture on the site made all the difference as you never know if you will end up ordering the wrong thing or not.Order was delivered within a few days . excellent service and product .
 During the last ice storm we had a rick of damp firewood in our living room . To get the damp oak started we used pine 2 by 4 's but they had to be cut before putting them in the fireplace . This saw blade was magic ! Boy I could whip through those pine pieces like a hot knife cutting through butter this blade.Mari
 This is the fastest cutting saw for quality and price . very sturdy design ! If you need a saw this is the blade for you !
 Shark saws are pull saws , instead of cutting on the push stroke , they cut when you pull . No downward pressure is necessary , indeed these tools love green wood and move through it with ease . I have owned this saw for more than ten years and use it frequently . It is worth the investment !
 This is a great blade to fit a good saw . The Shark Saw pull saws wrk exceptionally well and give a great finish to the wood or material being cut . I can cut 4x4 's much easier than with a standard western-style push saw with much less effort and better results . Every carpenter or woodworker should have one of these .
 American practicality with great Japanese ancient technology . Pull stroke saws can be thin , are easier to control , and cut fast . I have three sizes of these , the big 18 inch one is great for cutting beams , or those landscape timbers , 4x4 , 4x6 . I got aquanted with Japanese saws as a woodworker cutting dovetails , and those are very thin and expensive , very fine teeth , but best for very detailed work , and you do n't want to use it except for that.These saws are an affordable alternative to push saws , which unless you spend a lot of money , or know how to set the teeth and file them , have never been all that useful to me . And these are much easier to cut a straight line with.Get one and see for yourself . Great bargain , great tool .
 With these Shark Saw blades I 've perfected to cut a 1mm wafer cross section of Maranti timber , with the ease of a pull action . Now loathe push hand saws .
 I managed to break a few teeth off the original blade , so was pleased that the replacement was inexpensive , and arrived quicky .
 Item arrived safely and it looks as perfect as the one I bought previously - no time to use it yet!Harold Davis
 I 've been using a stiff-backed Shark saw for several years for cutting off tenons and waste at the ends of cuttings . I also use it in a small shop-built miter box . After years of hard use , I have replaced the blade , which is very easy to change.It gives very clean cuts , offers good control and cuts aggressively for its size , tooth-pitch and blade thickness . Being satisfied with this tool , I have just acquired another , smaller Shark saw.I recommend this product.Maker Dave
 I love these pull saws ... period . All the Shark sizes cut clean , smooth , and fast ... plus are very accurate.If you need a great small to medium project saw ; a hobby saw ; or hand trim saw , these pull-saws are the defintely the answer .
 I have used this saw to cut 3/8 inch plywood , 2 x 2 Douglas Fir , 1 x 4 redwood , and 2 x 4 treated Douglas Fir . It is not designed for cutting 2 x 4 's , but it does the job . The cutting is done on the pull stroke only . This helps keep the blade from bending while cutting . The elongated brace along the top of the blade helps to keep the blade from bending . I encountered very little splintering of wood and NO bending of the saw blade . This saw cuts quickly and flawlessly . The handle very is comfortable . It is the best `` precision '' handsaw I have ever used . If you buy this saw , you will not regret it .
 Works exactly as it is supposed to . I am trying to learn dovetailing by hand and bought this saw for that purpose . I previously purchased a gents style `` dovetail '' saw at a big box store -LRB- it was actually a jamb/dovetail saw , but that was all they had -RRB- and that yielded nothing but frustration . I do n't if it is the higher tpi , the thinner kerf , or the sharpness out of the box , but this thing just seems to work .
 The pull saw itself works very good and effortlessly to cut bamboo but , I would recommend cutting up 2 1/2 `` inch or the blade mount on the top starts hitting then you have to twist the bamboo a little . . I would n't recommend using this to cut down bamboo at all unless your very careful that 's how I damaged mine with the aggressive angle and carelessness I took.I would use a cheaper saw for cutting down and this for final clean cuts.Overall very good saw.Now I need to buy a replacement blade : -RRB-
 With such a fine kerf and 17 tpi this saw is suitable for certain fine woodworking applications . Unless the user is very skilled I would n't recommend as a dovetail saw . Also should be noted that the spine is not part of the blade as the blade is detachable . Though the spine does offer support , do n't expect as much as a regular back-saw .
 For quick cutting of miters , dowels etc. . you can spend a lot more but why ? This little saw is razor sharp and has a very thin curf for nice detail work .
 Shark saws are perhaps the best lower priced japanese pull saws going around . They will easily rival even the several hundred dollar hand saws in precision and sharpness . The downside is the blades can not be sharpened , however , they can be replaced ! This saw cuts quite rapidly but delivers a very smooth finish on cross grain cuts . Certainly a joy to use .
 I bought this saw to use in a miter box and it works very well . The kerf is so thin that you really need to start with a new miter box or cut new kerfs for this saw . That is not too difficult if you guide your cuts with a square or the body of a combination square . The cuts on your workpiece are silky smooth . It is so sharp that you can `` shave '' a hair off a board CLEANLY!Shark has a great design concept that is not common to many Japanese saws - the blades are easily removed for compact storage or replacement . Push the red button and pull it out , push the red button and push it in until it clicks . There is also a plastic blade guard included that will keep the teeth from being damaged.I am so pleased with this and the other shark saw and prybar combo I bought , that I will slowly replace all my handsaws with shark equivalents .
 Great little saw ! Cuts like crazy and leaves a smooth end . Thinnest kerf you can find anywhere , and it makes a big difference when you need it.I just finished a trim job with a bunch of oddball angles that required hand-sawing . This little saw saved my life !
 This is one of the finest trim saws I have ever used . It has a very thin kerf and is very accurate . It cuts on the pull stroke which takes a little getting used to , but once you do I found this saw much easier to use and to start a cut . Everyone that has borrowed my saw says that they have to get one for themselves . I do n't think anyone would be disappointed with this saw .
 Shark 10-2410 Fine-Cut 19 Point Finish Saw - I like this one for miter box cuts on thin stuff , but that 's probably only because I 'm used to a back saw . Their 10-2210 is really better for that , but ... . This does very nice work with trim . The description above says 17tpi while the product name says 19tpi . The blade itself says 19tpi . These saws are
 I 'm more old school when it comes to hand tools . I 've been using the shark saw in stead of my dove tail saw and I 'm finding the shark saw a good alternative . The cut is n't as aggressive as my dove tail saw , but i would expect that because of the very-fine cut of the shark saw .
 I bought this saw to cut spruce and willow neck , corner , and tail blocks & linings used in violin and viola making . I use it with a small homemade miter box . I get excellent results . The saw is deep enough to use with the miter box . The metal `` cowling '' stabilizes the saw and you get a very clean cut . What you have is an inexpensive Dozuki . Note that the `` Shark '' brand saws are made in Japan -LRB- which more or less guarantees quality ... I lived in Japan for eleven years , so I can say this faithfully . -RRB- Amazon shipped the saw to me in three days . If you are cutting smaller pieces of softer woods there is no need to buy an expensive Dozuki or backsaw . Some reviewers say the Shark saws are `` too thin '' or `` spindly '' or `` bend too easily '' ... This is probably because those who are buying them have never used a pull saw and do n't understand how to properly use one . I have two other Shark brand saws . I cut the oak shoe molding for my kitchen and breakfast areas with one of these and it 's still sharp .
 This saw is great ! I received 3 Veritas dovetail saws the day before this one came in . If this saw had a pretty wood handle , it would rate right there with them . It cuts a straight , fine kerf with little effort and you have great control over the line it is sawing . I do n't know if they make a better saw for dovetails or not , but this one works pretty darn good .
 EXCELLENT SAW / BUILT TO LASTWOULD RECOMMEND THIS SAW TO ANYONE WANTING TO MAKE FINE FINISH CUTS ON WOOD
 I just got the saw , in a word the saw is amazing.I cut a 3/4 '' plywood 12 '' long as a test , it was so easy , smooth and fast.I would recommend this saw as a `` must have '' in any tool bag .
 Of three hand saws I 've bought over the years for woodworking projects , this is the best by far for precise cuts and ease of use .
 This little jewel is the best catspaw nail puller I have ever used ! The head is compact for tight quarters and grips better than any nail puller I 've seen . The steel is also excellent quality . I used the puller to remove clinched spiral nails from window casings , and actually pulled some of them on through the casing , bend and all . These pullers are worth a few extra bucks .
 Great lil nail puller , DO NOT try to remove joist hanger nails with it , when you try to hammer the puller between the nail head and the strap it boogers up the end . Other than that it works great !! I love it .
 This hammer has a nice balance and feel for driving smaller finish/box nails ; a little light for nails larger than 8d . Used to think that a claw hammer is a claw hammer , but this one takes a little getting used to swinging ; but then is a pleasure to use and always seems to go where you aim it .
 I 've been swinging a hammer for over 40 years , and this is the best finish hammer I 've used . Buying one for my daughter so I can have mine back .
 I have been useing this hammer for about 8 years.I would never use a different hammer again.I love it .
 I guess it 's a little early but after my first day swinging it this feels just right to me . The only negative so far is getting used to where the end of the longer handle bumps my knee when it 's hanging from it 's loop . Time to order the framer now .
 There are many different kinds of specialised hammers ; no one hammer will do all jobs well . I found this hammer to be an excellent replacement for a conventional 16 oz . claw hammer and great for finish work . I feel it has better balance than the conventional hammer , has a greater reach , has side faces that can be used for driving , has a superb claw for pulling nails with far better leverage and grip than a conventional hammer , and has a long , straight handle for multiple grip positions . Many conventional hammers will dampen shock well , as this one does . I find it easier to control than a conventional 16 oz . claw hammer . At 14 oz . it is a bit easier to handle , yet seems to drive as effectively as a slightly more massive hammer . It 's not miraculous ; it 's only a hammer . But it 's the best of it 's type that I have used in my many decades of using hammers . The only time I have felt it had a flaw was in unusual tight quarters where the handle is too long . But the long handle in other circumstances gives more leverage and is a plus . Still , the hammer does n't do the work alone ; there has to be a person too , and different people have different styles . It may be that this hammer will not fit everyone as well as it fits me .
 Ive had one of these over 8 years and I love it . Wanting to get another , I am disappointed to see they only have the plastic handled version . My old one has a nice long octagonal wood handle . I am not sure if it was `` shark '' brand since the decals have worn off . I 'm ordering the plastic one to see if otherwise they are the same tool.EDIT ... After receiving the new hammer , I see the shark branded one while good quality , is not to the same standard as my old one . There are subtle differences in proportion , and the hammer face itself is quite a bit smaller . I used it in the shop today and its a great tool - it has good balance and I like the long handle , but I am continuing my search for one like my original . I suspect it was a Japanese manufacturer and the shark is a knock-off .
 It was everything I expected . Solid , very sharp , not too flexible , which I prefer in a drywall saw , plus a nice sharp cutting edge on the end , for punching through - also handy to score lines on lumber or to trim away at shims .
 I love these so much that I gave mine to my brother and bought another one . These will saw through wood in a pinch if needed . I accidentally dropped on and dulled the point a bit , but it still sawed fine . I like having the sheath to protect the saw -LRB- and whatever it comes in contact with ! -RRB- . Super sharp , stays sharp . Teeth on both sides to cut a straight uniform kerf .
 This jabsaaw is VERY sharp , and cuts through drywall easily and quickly . I would purchase again . The reason for 4 stars is that after about a year the tip snapped off . This was the only jabsaw I 've owned in the last 7 years that I had the tip snap off . It still is sharp , so I just use a hammer to get it through initially now .
 I bought the one without the sheath and have no problems with it except it didnt come with a sheath . I just saw this one and recommend getting the rockeater with a sheath since it is supersharp .
 Kohler Fairfax widespread polished chrome lavatory faucet with polished brass accents is heavy , well-designed and elegant . It is larger than many faucets , and it balances well with a larger pedestal sink . It is so comfortableand easy to use . To quote the plumber who did the installation `` Kohler makes a really good faucet ! ''
 I already had this faucet in my main bathroom and , when I started renovating my powder room , I wanted to replace the American Standard faucet with this one . It arrived very quickly & was exactly as advertised . It is now installed in my freshly renovated powder room and I LOVE it !! Would highly recommend the product & the Seller to my friends .
 Some people where kind of hard on their rating , so here is my attempt to offset . I bought two of these for my master bathroom . They were easy to install and for the price , look real nice . Some where mentioning that they were cheap on the inside , but I looked at &#34; better &#34; built faucets , and they where upwards of $ 900 - $ 1000 . I think for most , they will be happy with this product considering the price paid for them .
 This Kohler robe hook is exactly what I wanted . It goes very well with the faucets and the towel bars .
 When it comes to backpacking , this saw is my prize possesion . No longer do I dread gathering firewood after a long day 's hike , and the saw is so light that even ultralighters will consider carrying it.A year ago , I cleared a 3/4 mile trail through the woods around my house with just this saw , cutting up to 12 '' diameter logs -LRB- yes , it is faster use this saw to cut around large logs than to use any of the bigger western saws I have -RRB- . I was still able to make straight , smooth finish cuts on wood projects afterwards . It is the one saw I will not do without . I know there are better -LRB- more expensive -RRB- Japanese style saws out there , but this is a knockabout saw that lasts and lasts.The one drawback for this saw is that in the hands of an amateur it is easy to bend the blade . You may not want to loan out this one .
 Positive Attributes : ** Sharp , sharp , sharp ** Thin Blade makes for a thin kerf ** Pistol grip is more familiar to Western saw users ** Detachable & replaceable blade ** Handy for flush cuts ** Can use in Miter BoxNegative Attributes : ** Blade is too thin , buckles when used aggressively . Hardwood cutting difficult . ** Bending and buckling causes tooth lossThe Sharksaw family of handsaws combines the sharpness of the Traditional Japanese-style saw with economy price . Unfortunately , the economizing cuts into the gauge of steel used in forging the blade . The thinner blade causes the blade to bend and jam a bit more than I 'd like . This is indeed a saw where the smoothness of stroke and evenness of pressure is more effective . Hackers beware ! This saw is not for you!Aside from the blade 's thinness , there really are n't any negatives for this saw . If you prefer a pistol-style handle , you will be happier than with a traditional straight handle.I prefer the traditional handle , maybe because I 've been using Japanese-style handsaws for over 20 years . I did notice a multiple-position handle version by Sharksaw . That might be a desirable factor for some . -LRB- See Shark Corp 10-2311 SharkSaw Multi-Angle Saw -RRB- If cost is a factor , then this is a great saw for the money . If you can afford to spend a few more buckaroos , I suggest doing a web search for a Traditional Ryoba-type saw and purchase one with a thicker-gauge double-sided blade and a straight handle .
 As a starting out woodworker -LRB- age 22 -RRB- I am just starting my tool collection . As such I have very little money , and so every tool that I need to buy I research it extensively and pick the best tool that I can afford . This saw is definitely one of those purchases . I bought this saw with the purpose of furniture making -LRB- coffee tables , chests , etc -RRB- and so far it is working flawlessly . It cuts through all kinds of wood with great speed and little effort . Seriously you will not get tired from this saw , let its own weight cut through the wood . Anyways this saw cuts very accurately as well as smoothly with no tear outs . Although I would still recommend sanding the cut once your done , but mind you , very little sanding needs to be done.GREAT BUY !
 This is the smoothest and fastest saw I have ever used . It cuts on both the pull and the push stroke making every cut fast . Requires very little pressure to use . The cuts are so smooth that you would swear you had sanded that cut . The only think this saw does n't do is help me cut straight .
 I love this saw . If it breaks , I 'll get another just like it.Price and shipping were good .
 Get one of these for your tool pouch . The cat 's paw end easily digs out any size nail with minimal damage , it 's a good size to hold and large enough to be hard to lose . Caution
 See my review under Shark 58-9018 . This nail set works great . The mini prybar on the other end is real handy while you 're setting nails as well as usefully being like a second tool .
 I purchased this nail set in conjunction with the 8 and 10-inch prybars . It 's nice to have a nail set that does n't roll and get lost as well as the longer size allows better access to tight areas . The prybar end works great for smaller nails that the larger units are overkill for .
 This tool is really better than a `` cats paw '' , loosen up any nail , pull it with your hammer . It has sharp , accurate points to isolate the nail . The nail set is needless to say , handy . Save time/money by not having to fetch your nail puller . Buy 2 , they do break , but only after extreme use , just like any other prying tool that you use a lot .
 I do little nailing , but I like to salvage usable wood from junk furniture . The nail puller is fantastic , even on headless nails . Could n't ask for more than that . Buy this and any Shark saw to get over the $ 25 for free shipping - great deal !
 this is a very handy nail set and also nail puller . Putting down hardwood flooring and this is very handy for pulling up the nils that tack strips are set with . Also very well suited to setting flooring nails on the first and last course of flooring boards .
 The highest of quality nailset with a little somthing extra . Ca n't beat that ! I do n't use the cats paw much , but it helps me keep up with the tool -LRB- I lose alot of nailsets -RRB- . Read the dimensions - it came a little smaller than expected , but its great just the same .
 Rips out framing nails like you 're picking them up out of a bucket . Breaks apart wood with ease . Super strong .100 % macho.The only thing is - be sure you have somewhere to put this thing . It 's 14 inches long so you 'd better know where it 's going in your belt .
 This is the biggest Shark Corp Nail puller . I bought several more of the Shark Corp Prybar products including this model # 21-2225 , 10 '' length one based on a combo set -LRB- Shark Corp 58-9018 Fine Cut Saw and 8 '' Prybar Combo Pack -RRB- I purchased 6 months ago . Both the saw and pry bar are working fine.Here is what I wrote about the 8 Inch Pry Bar in my review : `` The prybar is also a tool deserving high marks.This is NOT a tool for power demolition , but it is well made tool for fine work - trim and nail pulling . This fits perfectly in a tool belt or Bucket Boss . It 's so nice to introduce my son to excellent general purpose woodworking tools . And at a reasonable price ! `` Each size has it 's use , there was a lot of thought as to dimension and ergonomics for each pry bar . A simple , well made tool that makes a job easier ! The difference between this bad boy is that it makes easy for removing many larger nails than it 's little brother.FINALLY & MOST IMPORTANTLY , USE & TEACH proper safety for ALL tools!I 'm VERY happy with my purchase of the Shark Corp 21-2036 14-1/8 '' Nail Puller!John Row
 The cats paw was shown to me by my work partner . I never thought a tool like this could be so useful to a framer . You can pull out sixteen 's , gun nails and , even finish nails . For the occasional stubborn nail a couple wacks with a hammer will fix the porblem . I do n't start work without it , it slides easily in the rear belt loop of my bags . Smart/great investment
 The Shark nail puller is just what I wanted . It is sturdy and the offset allows me greater access to my jobs .
 I had to dismantle an old deck and the tools I had were not up to pulling out the deeply imbedded nails . I got the nails started with this tool and then used a four foot wrecking bar to complete the task .
 This is a good tool for removing long imbedded nails . The two ends give you nice leverage , especially for removing stubborn nails . I am a professional door and window installer , and use it regularly for removing old materials from the openings .
 This tool did exactly what it was designed to do . I pulled framing nails out with little problem and it even grabs small nails with no heads . This tool will get lots of use . Worth every penny !
 We recently built a small barn entirely out of materials salvaged from a house demolition . Without this baby , I 'd 've spent a whole lot more time , hand a lot less usable wood , and had one heck of a sore arm . Worked like a charm removing long and bent nails , even nails with no heads . I just have all the pointy ends a what with the hammering surface , then flipped the board over and pulled them all out . Easy peasy , and I 'm a big wimp . It 's also bright blue and easy to spot . I think I 'll follow the other reviewers and grab a smaller one as well .
 I like this saw very much . It cuts like a power saw . Very fast for a hand tool . Compared to other Japanese saws however , it is a bit lacking . I do n't like the angled handle . It makes many cuts impossible since it gets in the way . I very much prefer the straight handle saws from skark and other comanies . Still , compared to a stanley or other regular saw it cuts very well indeed .
 This saw hangs alongside other mass-produced factory saws in hardware store chains , but it blows them all away . Your typical hardware store saw makes you wonder how anybody ever managed to build anything before power tools came along . This saw answers that question.It is sold as a general carpentry saw , but I use it for woodworking as well . It works much faster with the typical yellow plastic miter box than the included saw and leaves behind a nicer cut . Even sawing freehand , the length and aggressiveness make it easy to stay on your cutline.Among fine handsaws sold in specialty boutiques , this saw might rate as an average performer . But for a cheap saw from the hardware store , it 's unbelievable -- in a class by itself .
 Pull saws are cheap and effective . I own several and this one is as good as they get .
 Wish I 'd had this years ago laying flooring . Man , what a nice finish , and good functionality . Wo n't help with the really small nails , but everything else is sweet . Since you ca n't destroy it , worth the cost .
 This saw cuts fast and straight . I cut PT 5x5 's flat and straight no problem . Pulling to cut lends to accuracy and ease . Handle sucked , I replaced it with an old wooden handle , now it 's perfect .
 Since I got this saw which cuts on the pull stroke , I 've been trying to figure out why anyone would ever want to use a Western push saw for anything . The kerf is a fraction of the size of a pull saw , which means less waste , less effort and better precision . I love this saw .
 These are great saws . We got our first at a trade show and were thrilled to find them on Amazon . I find them much easier to use on hard words than a regular saw . Just remember that you pull it , not push .
 i am a carpenter and needed a lighter hammer due to arm problems . that was several years ago and i am on my 4th hammer . the hammer is light wieght yet has excellent balance so i can use it for framing . it has a cats paw claw that works quite well for pulling nails and the handle is long enough that you have plenty of leverage . it has side nailing head for tight places which work well.i also have the smooth faced head for finish work . i highly recommend this hammer its fantastic ...
 Excellent balance , the head wo n't slip off any nail and the nail puller pulled a pin with a head out of my wall .
 Finally , after years of keeping my eyes open for another 14 oz . Stanley claw hammer I found the `` Shark '' ! This hammer is far superior than my old one , it 's balanced and sends the nails home with ease . Yeah it may look kinda goofy but pulls the nails better than hammers can , plus it gets in the tight spots too ! Why would anyone buy an $ 80 Stiletto hammer when the Shark is a third of the price and is a far more functional hammer !
 Rope ratchet tie-downs are great . Can tie-down anything with one hand . Use the rope included with product or buy rope and make them as long as you need . Try them , you wo n't be sorry .
 These are strong and work very well in a variety of applications . I like mine a lot . Also , they are good quality and last a long time .
 The Ratch rope tie down is compact and should be in every ones truck and car . The most useful tool out there
 I found this product did what the advertising said it would do and it was fairly well made . I could think off a couple of improvements , but that 's another story . I believe you will be happy with this product .
 You can use them for everything . When we got them , we started using them right away for our canoe and kayak . We even use them to help keep buckets and whatnot from falling over in the truck . Worth the price .
 This product used to be available locally in big box stores but I 've not seen them in awhile . I 'm happy to order directly from the source . Their pricing and shipping I find very satisfactory and will use this method again .
 I live in an apartment and the size of the HVAC is weird . We got this filter to help with some of the odors in the air . It works a little better than a regular 3M one but I do not think it is worth the premium .
 The lamp is as advertised and shipped immediately . I placed a cfc bulb in it and the lamp drooped from the weight . A regular bulb worked perfectly . The arm extensions move every direction for pinpoint delivery of light .
 Arrived well-packaged . Arrived promptly . Included good , illustrated directions for the minor assembly required . Is well-constructed and attractive . Easy to install as described.Catalina Lighting W2000BLK Incandescent 34 reach swing arm clamp-on lamp , black
 Using normal incandescant light blubs this lamp is great . However try to put a compact fluorescent blub in it and the lamp want to sink to the tabletop . Tightening the thumb nuts until they break off will not overcome this problem .
 This lamp is great for project tables . It is the design we have used for years at the best price around . The quality is like it used to be 30 years ago . The design is the older design where the light does n't come out of the top part of the lamp -LRB- the newer design does that -RRB- . Shipping was great and package well . You will be pleased .
 This lamp is well built and will put the light in the right place where needed . This style has been around for a long time but is a classic .
 The lighting fixture is nice . However , it would have been even nicer if it also came in white .
 Need a lift ? The Grippster 61 Ladder Taxi is on duty ! I use it to lift up the front part of my Werner extension ladder . I simply place it around the side rail and lift up . I find the cushion handle grips better and is more comfortable than using my bare hands . The handle extends up so I do n't have to stoop lower to carry the ladders . The Grippster Ladder Taxi in combination with myHeavy Duty Ladder Dollymakes moving my extension ladder to wherever I need it as easy as can be . It rolls over rough ground with no problem and I do n't have to worry about making a misstep because the ground in front of me is obscured by the ladders . I also use the Ladder Taxi to carry my step ladder . Placed in the middle on the side rail it perfectly balances the ladder for carrying on its side . Not only does this combination of taxi and dolly function together as backsavers but they also serve as a great safety set because I can see where I 'm going . That 's what I call a pretty ` fare deal ' for a taxi . ~ The Boss
 Bought this faucet to replace a do-it-best faucet that is similar to the Delta that was very hard to find the sweet spot to turn it off . . Absolutely love this Moen ... it can be turned of in any position . . Well made and engineered , would recommend . .
 Bought this for a sink in a condo . Looks very nice and shiney . Good quality faucet for the price . Does not look cheap . Very easy to install . Handle works smooth .
 I wanted a simple replacement for my kitchen faucet and this fit the bill . Has flexible water lines built in which is nice . One think to note is that it only had a center hold down so you have to tighten real tight to keep the sides down .
 I bought this faucet online so I had no idea how short -LRB- height wise -RRB- the faucet was . It rises only 5 1/4 '' from the base to the spout . I find it a bit tricky to wash deep pots and pans in the sink because the faucet rises so little from the base . I keep whacking the pots and pans against the faucet as I rinse them because there is little clearance . I ca n't imagine how difficult it would be to wash large pots and pans if my sink was n't 12 '' deep which really helps . Still the Moen has a beautiful brushed chrome finish so scratches do n't show and it works flawlessly , no leaks or squeaks when you move it . I just wish the faucet was taller so I can wash pots , pans , and large dishes without banging them on the underside of the faucet .
 Nice faucet and easy to install , however it would have been great if they would have included the adapters with the faucet .
 My hubby likes this shower head , however with all the settings , it does n't have a massage setting where the water would spray out of the head really fast .
 I just love this shower head . I actually bought five of them , one for each shower .
 NEEDS MORE POWER AND EASIER TO CLEAN . WILL JUST BUY A NEW ONE WHEN THE WATER STAINS BECOME A PROBLEM
 Same reason given for rest of product. , looks great works well , will see if hard water effects the water flow . Had good ratings
 we replaced an older version with this and it works great . It was way easier than trying to clean the old one in the house we just moved into Ugh ...
 I priced my Grohe products at a local store and bought them here on Amazon for less than HALF of what the local plumbing &#34; discount &#34; supplier was able to source for me.Grohe has always been one of my top brands and this item is no exception . Heavy feel , great finish , item was exactly as described . I was trying to find the exact same showerhead that I had in a previous house and this was it . MUCH BETTER quality than the cheaper items you 'll find at the Big Box home improvement stores . I do n't know if Grohe is available at those kind of stores where you live , but it 's not where I live . The cheaper items will feel cheap in your hands . You will immediately know the difference . Proof positive that YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR . This item ai n't cheap , but quality has a price.Buy this item - you 'll be glad you did !
 This works just fine , is simple to install , and is a perfect replacement for the shower head that I had - highly recommend .
 I have tried many different shower heads through my life and the Grohe products are the best , you will be pleased with their product . I highly recommend this brand ...
 This purchase replaces the shower head I had installed when our home was built 18 years ago . The old head developed a leak caused by a crack in one of the internal plastic parts . Other than the leak , the head still functioned well and looked like new.This head comes with Grohe Lifetime Warranty -LRB- products purchased after 1993 . -RRB- From my experience with Grohe replacing a failed kitchen sprayer , they stand behind their warranty .
 The Shower Head came very quickly & was an exact replacement for the shower head that I already had . Unfortunately , but NOT due to the product itself , our shower pressure still sucks . -LRB- I think it 's time for a plumber ... -RRB-
 Great weapon mounted light . It 's extremely bright , extremely easy to install and feels durable . This weapon mounted light does have weight to it which is great due to the fact that the heavier the weapon is , the less recoil the operator will feel . I have this mounted on my Glock 22 which was fairly light and had noticeable recoil . When I mounted this light , I felt a huge difference in weight , recoil and control . Great tool for home defense and those who are protecting the citizens of the US of A. Go AMERICA !
 This thing is great ! Easy install and fit great on my Sig p229 . Went with this one b/c I already had Crimson Trace grips .
 I bought one of these over a year ago and it works awesome ! The LED is way brighter than my 4 D cell mag-light and i 'm still on the first battery .
 Looks like a great product for the price range - the build quality is terrific ; very good design as well . The next test is to have it mounted and fire off a few hundred rounds at the range to make sure it does n't shake apart . It looks like it could definitely take the abuse ... Considering an equally bright handheld flashlight goes for about $ 70 + , for the price this is a great value .
 Works great on tactical pistols with rails and on rifles with rails . I use it with a lightweight broomhandle grip on my ARs and the combination weighs a lot less than some of the light/grip combos from surefire and others.Does not use a pressure switch , but has two toggle switch settings - a quick flash light and an always on - I have small hands and it easy to reach the switch on a rifle or pistol.Only complaint is the silver trim around the light and the black paint is a bit shiny - nitpicking , I know , but it it is on flat black guns .
 being a LEO , i rely on this light work . It replaced the older version . First night out it was used on a felony stop . worked great .
 well worth the money , excellent product . Has several different rail assemblies for multiple weapons . Well built and blindingly bright . I highly recommend for any home defense weapon .
 The TRL-1 is much better than the TRL-3 which has a plastic attachment mount , which cracked while I was installing it . The TRL-1 which has a metal attaching mount that is much sturdier than the plastic TRL-3 . The TRL-1 is the one to buy .
 Good buy I 've been looking for a light for my glock that was n't expensive for months , after looking on amazon I could ` nt believe the price the TLR-1 was being sold for , even for used it was a good price it works perfect and when I got it looked more like new . So if you are looking for a TLR-1 at a good price this is the site .
 This weapon light is superb ! The light is extremely bright & light-weight in my opinion . Without compromising quality it still is less expensive than a surefire . The tlr-1 definitely gives another reason to love streamlight . The only bad thing is that it makes me want to get a tlr-2 because of the added laser feature , but I guess that 's always the way it goes . I still love my tlr-1 though .
 This weapon-mounted TLR-1 light is ONE BAD LIGHT . I 've always been impressed with Streamlight 's quality ... especially for the price . Why pay more for the `` SF '' brand ? I 've had `` SF '' lights before and , IMHO , they 're just not worth the extra money . But I digress.This light has the `` instant on-off '' feature , as well as the `` lock-on '' ... just toggle the switch in opposite directions . It is VERY bright and , due to the LED technology , the bulbs wo n't break or burn out . I have it mounted on my Beretta CX-4 Storm.I 've already ordered and received a 2nd light for my Mossberg 500 , and will be ordering a few more for other weapons that I have.Just a note about the TLR-2 and TLR-3 . I chose the TLR-1 because it is much brighter than the TLR-3 , and has an aluminum body -LRB- vs plastic ... er , composite -RRB- ... for not much more money ... a better bargain , IMO . The TLR-2 is much more expensive because it has laser sights , which I 'm not real keen on.Anyway ... buy this light ... you wo n't regret it .
 I recently purchased this to upgrade my M3 . It is intensely bright and completely drowns out my M3 when I did a comparison with them . It 's very sturdy and fits perfectly on my Glock . If I could change only one thing on it , it 's that the finger switch to activate the constant or momentary light feels a little weak and made of some very cheap plastic . I do n't see this being a problem but I wish that it was a bit more solid like it is on the M3.If you 're planning or even thinking about getting this ; do it . You wo n't regret it and it 's the perfect upgrade to whatever you were using before . My M3 is still in use on another weapon but this new TLR-1 LED has been on my duty weapon from the first day I got it and I do n't see it being replaced for a very long time . And do n't let my issue with the finger switch persuade you otherwise , it is the perfect gun light for whatever you 're using .
 This is a great product , bright , sturdy construction and tight fit . Excellent for building searches and home defense as it completely lights up a dark room . At less than half the price of the competitor , you really ca n't go wrong .
 This is a quality piece of gear at a great price ... . its performance is impressive . My one complaint is the instruction manual as it truly gives VERY poor and unclear direction on opening the battery door for installation . I consider myself to be of reasonable intelligence , but I struggled with this thing for 20 minutes plus ... . or maybe I 'm just having a brain fart today , but I was close to returning it ! Its really easy when you know how and have figured it out , but I could have come really close to damaging the unit with a lever thinking that its just tight ? The key is pushing the battery release lever firmly all the way back which makes the door toggle open . When first released , the lever stops halfway and does n't appear to want to go back further , but it does and this action finally releases the door ... . so , no levering is necessary , you just need the right technique.So ... . a great little unit , but instructions that suck .
 This is my second Streamlight TLR-1 -LRB- the first being the non-C4 LED version -RRB- . Everything you need is in the package -LRB- including batteries and hex key -RRB- . Brightness is significantly increased with the LED version compared to the previous - but either is more than adequate for it 's intended purpose
 This is a solid unit
 Very bright and uniformed light . Easy to attach , a must buy if you CCW at night or have your sidearm bedside -LRB- I own two -RRB- . I 'm very skeptical purchasing items without researching it and being able to hands on it prior to purchasing but you will like this light . I do n't know how water resistant or proof it is , might want to check on this if you are going to use this attachment in environment that will get it wet .
 Pros : Its very bright.Very secure.Various inserts that mounts it more forward or backwards for different handguns.Waterproof and shockproof.Cons.Not a True Quick Detach :-LRB- You have to loosen / tighten the hand screw alittle or else it might fall off . I mean Whats the point of not having to put your hand in front of the handgun if you can no longer quickly attach/detach the light in a combat situation ? I think it defeats the purpose . I am going to try to modify the spring to give it a stronger clamp so i may no longer have to tighten the screw , well see if it works.No kill switch to prevent it from accidentally turning on . Not a big deal when mounted on handguns , but on primary weapons the light can easily be bumped on .
 For Tactical shooting it is great . I have had for a month and love it . Easy to install and move between weapons . Only product I would replace it with on my SR556 is the MVF-515 from Crimson Trace that would stay on that weapon . Huge difference in price between this cost effective unit and the MVF . Would buy again if needed . Service from AMAZON was great .
 Recieved this product and it is extremely bright ! Just got it so I do n't know how durable it is . The only negative thing I could say about it is it 's very difficult to install the batteries . Now I could just be stupid but the directions to open the battery compartment are terrible ! It took me almost a half an hour to open it , but stupid me , I found you have to lift up the lever not push down the spring to open the compartment . So if you do buy it just remember to lift up the lever ! It will save you a half an hour . Other than that it 's a great product .
 I bought this with full intentions of putting it on a flock 22 or 17 . Something happened and I ended up not getting the glock . So I tried to put it on my Kel Tec pf 9 and it was easy to install and has great functionality . However it popped off after the second shot . Like I said the light is great and for the money you can not beat it . I would pick up 3 of these instead of getting a surefire . Just make sure you put it on a big frame gun .
 I put this on railed .45 ACP Sig P250 full size . Long fingers help me reach switch as I ca n't get it in a closer groove without light hitting trigger guard . That close but no cigar . Overall good light . I put a 100 rds through gun on range with light and no issues . Solid mount and solid light .
 Installed on my 3rd gen glock 23 in seconds . Not cheep but you get what you pay for . A well made product
 Highly recommended . Fits quickly onto Glock 23 . Easy to turn on/off with trigger finger or bracing hand . Note
 I received my Streamlight 69110 TLR-1 and I really like it . It came ready to mount on my Glock 22 and I had it on in about 5 mins . It looks very well made and it is very bright . It will really light up a dark room . It made sense to put a light my home defense weapon . I am very glad I purchased it and it makes a nice upgrade to my Glock 22 .
 There are more expensive lights and perhaps they are slightly better , but this one is great . I have 4 streamlights and can not find a fault . Only thing that could possibly be better would be AA batteries ... which would make it bigger ... mabe not .
 Says it 's got 300 lumens power now , up from the 160 advertised so that 's a plus . Sturdy aluminum housing assures durability .
 I 've owned the Glock rail mounted light for a while and finally made the jump to a nice LED and I 'm glad I did . It 's well made and produces a nice bright light with good spill . It 's a perfect addition for my home defense gun -LRB- Glock 17 -RRB- . As you can already tell by the other reviews , this is one of the best values out there for rail mounted lights out there . For installing the batteries , head to youtube and search for the videos . The videos make a lot more sense and the written instructions .
 I have n't been back to the range since installing this new light on my pistol , but so far it 's looking good . I have enough rail length on my 9mm Beretta that , with the correct spacing insert , the front of the light stops about 1/8th of an inch short of the tip of the barrel . I was concerned that it would stick out and I would get some discoloration on the TLR-1 after firing , but those fears are mostly put to rest now . Once installed it feels very solid on the weapon -- there is no &#34; play &#34; or rattle . Actuating the control lever is a little strange at first , but I 'm confident that with practice I 'll get used to it.The light output is VERY bright with a nice hot spot that gradually transitions to a full flood . The spill from this thing will easily fill a dark room with light , or light up the immediate area outdoors -- GREAT for personal defense . This is a quality product . I was n't as impressed with the manual though . It was adequate but the instructions and graphics for operating the battery compartment could use some improvement . I figured it out eventually.FYI
 Awesome product , fits my SIG P226 like a glove and seems nice and secure -LRB- though i have yet to shoot with it attached -RRB- . Compliments my Crimson Trace Lasergrip well with the laser dot dead center of the lights focal beam . Light is easy to operate and brutally bright , i can imagine it would seriously disorientate any villains creeping around in the dark ! As has been mentioned battery compartment is a little complex to open and the instructions are not clear , you have to flip up the metal tab above the battery compartment using a coin and then make sure it is folded back almost flat -LRB- not just upright -RRB- towards the light housing , this allows the lid to open at the top , then the base of the door needs to be pushed up slightly to clear a small catch and the flap opens fully to access the batteries , once you know how it works its very simple and would seem to retain a good seal for the battery compartment . Just a hint for anyone else using this for a SIG , you wan na use the 1913 -LRB- picatinny -RRB- rail key -LRB- included -RRB- to give a secure mount . All in a great product and to top it off it was delivered super quick , 3 days from ordering to delivery !!
 The TLR-1 comes with batteries , four different rail keys , extra screw , washer and hex head wrench to change them . They are very easily changed and are solid . The light is very well built of metal , small and very powerful . Do n't let the very small size deceive you of its very powerful output . At night , on an open field , the beam will shine out 150 feet -LRB- measured -RRB- to easily identify objects . The only improvement I would suggest would be to clarify the battery door opening instructions . The company has included an addendum to the operating instruction booklet but in my opinion still does n't illustrate the simplicity of opening it . All that 's needed is to lift up on the latch to unlock it -LRB- I did n't need any tools -RRB- and keep pushing it all the way back gently to break free the gasket on the door making it ajar and then removing it from the back of the light . It 's a really simple and effective design making it waterproof and secure ; kudos to Streamlight engineering . My application for this light is on a Remington 870 Tactical Express and for the price and the outstanding performance you will absolutely not be disappointed .
 Well worth the money . The light is blinding . With the addition of my internal laser , this made my weapon even better . Installed on a Springfield XD ACP tactical .45 5 '' barrel .
 I reviewed a lot of this type of rail light for my handgun and by far this is the best for the money . I like the ease of one hand use of instant on/off and the full on light . The battery install process is a little hard but there are a few reviews here that will help you get it . The second time is way easier to open the battery compartment , yes it takes a little force to open , do n't worry it will open .
 I have had the TLR-1 product for almost a year and it has yet to let me down . It is lightweight , durable , and is brighter than I ever imagined ! In a little test it proved to be brighter than my 1 million candle power spotlight and my friend 's silverstar headlights ! Streamlight is the company my fire department trusts with our lives and I can not wait to get the version of the TLR that is made to mount on firefighting helmets -LRB- the `` Vantage '' -RRB- . It is a little difficult changing the batteries , but that minor inconvenience results in the product being waterproof . As a volunteer firefighter and Navy Hospital Corpsman -LRB- combat medic -RRB- I am very hard on my tools and equipment . My TLR-1 is often dismounted from my pistol to be used as a flashlight in a pinch . A friend of mine in the Army and I used it to track a deer he shot at dusk . We followed the trail for about a mile through a swamp with the thickest undergrowth I had ever seen . We had to crawl to get through some of it . The TLR was dropped a few times , once or twice in the mud and water . It was certainly put through it 's paces in those frigid Pennsylvania backwoods . Aside from a little wear on the finish of the adjustment screw it still looks and performs like it did out of the box . My only recommendation is that if you purchase one , buy some extra batteries . Each set has , roughly , a 2-3 hour run time . It 's good practice to have an extra set on hand with any light though . You never know when you 're going to need them !
 I purchased this for my home defense revolver -LRB- .45 ACP Thunder Ranch -RRB- . The quality is great for the price , the unit is not too big like some of the others on the market . It fits my revolver perfectly . The light is bright enough for all my expected needs . I did a lot of research before buying this product and I have no regrets . Hope this helps .
 This is by far the best value on a weapon light ! I have a Surefire x300 as well and this light , while maybe not as bright attaches to my .40 Cal Berretta px4 much more securely . The x300 was placed on my Home Defense shotgun . A gun that I practice with much less frequently . Solid rattle free attachment and sufficient light output from the TLR 1 makes it a great buy ! The only negative I can address is the silver ring at the front of the light ... just not a big fan of it but not a reason to not purchase this product .
 I have bought it for my handgun . Quality piece , solid , light is super bright . I am even considering buying red filter . . ;--RRB- -RRB- . The surface finish is not perfect as it is expected from anodized aluminum painted black .
 This thing is awesome . Extremely easy to mount and the light is ridiculously bright . You will not be disapointed . Anyone that you catch off guard in the night with this light will be instantly blinded .
 Works very well . It 's worth the peace of mind to positively identify a threat . If the price is a concern , ask yourself how much it 's worth to you to not shoot a family member . Very easy to install , adjust and use . Bright enough to identify targets at farther than should probably be engaged for self-defense anyway .
 I am impressed with this light . I bought it for my glock 19 and it was very easy to install and the light is super bright .
 Light is just what I expected it to be . Knew of it prior to buying and knew I would get a great product . The battery door could be a little more user friendly ... but aside from that its a great light !
 This is a great light there have been several after this one but the tlr-1 still holds true . If you are looking for a tactical light that can be used and abused this is the one . Great product !
 The TLR1 is the second light in the TLR series that I have purchased . This model is an excellent choice for a weapon mounted light not just for pistols but also for rifles . This is a good buy and is used by many law enforcement professionals .
 A great value . This mounted well on my 1911 and is very bright . Excellent for room clearing in the dark .
 Streamlight makes a good product . The only problem i have with this light is that the toggle switch on the back of it is a cheap plastic . My opinion streamlight needs to charge another dollar or two and put a good switch on it .
 The light is bright , easy to install and very durable . This is my second one , and the first one is still working perfect after 2 years of heavy use
 A great light for any tactical rifle or shotgun . Very easy to mount and use . Easy to install the remote sensor switch option if needed as well . Very long lasting battery . Lets just say 1 year and still going strong . Gives an easy 150 - 200 yards of visibility with any Halo or scope at night time varmint hunting . To large for most pistols , so look for the smaller light by stream light . I have one of those as well and it 's just as bright .
 Expensive in my humble opinion , but very well made light , very bright , easy to mount on a Mossberg 500 Tri-rail . A + + +
 Put this on a REM .870 TEM , it 's very bright and does the job even without a pressure switch , which I knew I did n't need .
 Very bright and works on every railed weapon . Also this lamp is very light comared to others that I own .
 Best light for the money . Very bright and batterys last a long time too . the lens on the light doesnt relect at night . If you want a nice light buy it .
 I installed this light on a Glock 22 . It will not install on a Glock without factory rails . Instruction manual is not great , but what manual these days are . Go to You tube and follow the video installation . The strobe is great but difficult to activate . I found that pushing down -LRB- or up on the right side -RRB- twice and then holding the lever in that position will turn in on . When you release the lever the strobe goes off . I guess I do n't have the double tap in 1/4 second speed advertised to turn on the strobe . The light is extremely bright and easy to turn on steady and momentary , which is why I gave it a 5 star .
 I purchased this to attach to a SIG SP 2022 that I got for my mother . It was a quick and easy install and I am amazed at how bright it is.It has the instant on feature that you use by touching down on a little lever as well as the always on which you turn on by flipping the lever the other way . It is so easy , my technology impaired elderly mother can use it to blind/see what she will be shooting at . We tested it in the dark and I made the mistake of shining it at the mirror . When it hit my face , I could n't see anything and was disoriented.That is the perfect use for this . If she ever did have to use the weapon , she would be able to see as well as blind whomever decided to mess with the wrong old lady.If you are on the fence , I highly recommend this . It is useful , inexpensive , and extremely effective . As long as you have a standard rail system , this will fit your weapon.I will be purchasing more to equip my own home defense weapons . I have experience with M4 mounted surefires and I can tell you 100 % that this is as bright if not brighter .
 Great light ! Solid aluminum construction and the temporary on/constant on switch is excellent for multiple shooting situations . Bright enough to illuminate an entire room but not so bright it blinds you . Great for both indoor and outdoor usage in all low light situations .
 I purchased this for use with my Glock , and it works perfectly . I have had no issues with it . I bought this to replace another gun light that had a regular bulb . The one with a regular bulb broke on the first time out , but this one has survived many rounds and abuse .
 This light was highly rated here and on Youtube ! I use it on my Mossberg 12 ga thunder ranch shotgun . It 's very light in weight and great in a home defense situation .
 Looks to be a great light . Easy to install on a Glock 22 Gen 4 and bright . Sits perfectly in front of the trigger guard .
 It took me a while to find the right weapon light for my Glock 19 . I have read and researched many of the lights on the market , and for the money I really like the TLR-1 . The light attaches easily to my pistol and the 1913 rail on my M4 . The light is very bright and long lasting thanks to the two batteries . The switch is intuitive for both the momentary and constant on settings.If you are looking for a good all around weapon light , this is a great choice .
 I did a lot of research on the many different brands of weapon style lights . After receiving this light I was impressed with the quality and the brightness . Hopefully I never have to use this light in a self defense situation , but if I did I 'm confident that the lights intensity is so bright it would temporarily blind an intruder . I mounted this light to my S&W M&P 15 and it is rock solid . The light comes with a variety of attachments to fit a broad range of rails . I made the mistake of looking into this light and it is intense . I plan on using the light to hunt hogs at night and I 'm confident in the light up to 100 yards . There is no need to spend the extra $ 100-200 on a name brand light such as -LRB- SF -RRB- . This light is all I needed and then some .
 This light is amazing ! It packs a huge punch in a small package . I highly recommend it to anyone in law enforcement or home protection . Do n't spend the extra money on a fancier light , this light is just as good if not better than any other light for your weapon system .
 I have a S&W Sigma 40 cal . It is no good after dark . I bought the TLR1 and a Picatinny rail adapter . The batteries were not difficult to install . Just read all the reviews to get a handle on it . The light is very bright & will light up a room , no problem . The TLR1 came with the Glock/Universal adapter installed and included four other adapters . These parts are very small . It took me quite a while to get the Glock adapter out and the Picatinny rail adapter installed . After the struggle it did not fit . I set it aside for a while and gave it some thought . I picked up each adapter and tried fitting it on the rail and the original Glock/Universal adapter seemed a better fit . So I reinstalled it and everything worked just as it should . I am happy with the purchase and recommend it .
 Fantastic Light . It easily mounted on my Sig P226R and is rock solid on there . I was surprised at how easy it is to take on and off when cleaning the gun after range time . It 's as bright as you 'd ever need , anything brighter would be overkill . If you have a full size gun , this is the light for you . Wonderful light for the money .
 I bought this Streamlight TLR-1 for my Beretta 92fs . It is a very high quality light . The controls are easy to manipulate . The light is bright enough to give me spotty vision for a minute when shined directly in my eyes . I have shot 200 rounds with the light attached to my Beretta with no issues . I mounted the TLR-1 with a Tick Rail mount . The TLR-1 is a great product . I have no qualms with it .
 This light puts out enough light to light up a whole room easily . I was amazed at the light it produces . It will certainly come in handy when needed in a dark environment . Well worth the money and a very good quality addition to any weapon .
 Received the TLR-1 today via UPS in less than 24 hours from time ordered as a `` Prime '' customer . This item was priced at $ 169.00 at my local gun shop . `` Prime '' price was $ 103.00 . No Brainer here
 I purchased this product a few days ago . I was impressed with the quality.If your looking for a flashlight for your hand gun do n't hesitate to purchase this one . I tripped reflecters a quarter mile down my street with this light.Not to mention how impresive it is inside your dark house . Awsome.Robert .
 Bought the StreamLight TLR-1 for my Sig 226R . Pro : - Good value-Easy to get on and off any rail.-Con : - not as tough as SurefireConclusion : Great value for civilian/normal condition usage.Sure . It is not as water proof as the Surefire ones but the price is way more attractive .
 Bought this to put on my XDM 9mm . It may be alitte difficult for you to find a holster that will accomidate the lights , but it is easy to take off and put back on if you dont want to carry it . I only keep the light on the gun when im home with it . It is also very bright , stunningly bright even . The swithc at the back is easy to turn on and off with your trigger finger . The brightness of this light could give you that extra second when quickly fliped on in the eyes of a home invader .
 I put this on my XD 45 and my M&P ; 9mm and it fits great on both . Great Light , bright and nice controls . Can either toggle a strob like action or turn on fully and this light is Bright . Nice functions and nice price.I can only speak for myself , but I might buy another so I can have one for each gun .
 Just got this light today and what can I say it is the bad boy . I did my research on other tac lights and decided to go with this one . You ca n't tell that it is even on your gun wieght wise , alothough it is kind of bulky . But does n't seem to be an issue . It is built to be dropped from time to time . It is VERY VERY bright.I took it outside during the day and it was brighter than the sun light . It is worth the money .
 You can tell this is well made right out of the box . Batteries were easy to install . Fits snug on the picatinny rails on my firearms . Bright , uniform beam , even using the optional flip-down red filter . No issues after going through 2 cases of high velocity 12-ga slugs on my shotgun . I plan to buy 1 or 2 more of these .
 This light went on my glock and another one went on the 12 gauge . Works great , Very Bright , and decently priced . I however did make a mistake because I thought this model had the strobe feature which it does not that feature comes on the TLR-1s which I did n't carefully read about I thought there was just the TLR-1 , -2 , -3 . Did n't know that if you wanted strobe feature that would be extra and add a `` s '' to back of model number . Was going to go for the TLR-3 , but for an extra 20 I would have a more solid built model made of metal rather than plastic . Ordered 2 of these on the 6th of February and recieved it in less than a week with FREE SHIPPING .
 the only thing I would have a gripe about is the seize ... if it was alittle smaller it would be perfect ... but it still rocks especially for home defence on any full seize pistol . .
 After a lot of research this light seemed like the best choice and I was right great item , no need to spend more .
 This flashlight is very good.Beam brightness and focus is great . Also , the flip switch works great for rifle or handgun .
 I bought this light about a year ago from another site -LRB- and paid way more ! -RRB- , and was going to put it on my CX4 carbine , but it found its way onto my Beretta 96D pistol instead . My pistol is my primary home defense weapon , and with this light on it , I 'll get the drop on any goblins who venture in late at night . The switch on it works well , and has a very positive lock to the full on position . Extremely bright , I saw it advertised as high as 135 lumens , and as low as 80 . I would say it 's closer to 135 , because it drowns out the light on my other gun which is advertised as 95 lumens . All I know is that it is blinding , and lights up the interior of my house like daylight . It 's also pretty durable , I 've done regular shooting with it on my carbine , pistol and my M&P ; 15 and after over 500rds it still works like the day I got it . Overall , great value for the money , and a great product.For even more fun , pick up the newer version -LRB- Streamlight 69210 TLR-1s Weapon C4 LED Light with Strobe -RRB- . Same quality light , but with a strobe !
 Light is well built , heavy-duty and bright , bright , bright . Switch is in an easy to reach location for your trigger finger just past the trigger guard . The 125 lumen LED is legit ! Bright as you need and the center dot of it lines up with my sights , making target acquisition easy.The only downfall I can think of , and it does n't show in my rating , is the weight of it . If you 're looking to pack something super lightweight , this bad boy is n't for you . But if you 've got a pistol/rifle that 's already pushing the heavy side , this wo n't make much difference .
 This is a very nice light . I use it on a Glock 19 and it fits perfectly . Turning it on is extremely simple and fluid . I do n't really mind not having a quick detach system . I do n't see it as necessary when I 'm only removing it once a week or so . Overall it is a great product . Rock solid .
 I have had this flashlight mounted on a Mossberg 590A1 12-gauge shotgun for about three months for home-defense purposes . In this short time , I have fired at least 200 rounds with the light attached , without experiencing any problems . More importantly , this light came in very handy late one night last week when the burglar alarm in my family 's house went off . I jumped up and grabbed my shotgun and immediately began to check from room to room for intruders . The light allowed me to very easily see everything in every room without having to fumble for a light switch . When I reached the kitchen I encountered my father coming out of his bedroom to investigate . A quick flash from the light confirmed that it was indeed him and not an intruder -LRB- and also thoroughly blinded him -RRB- . That one event has left me with absolutely zero doubt as to the value or usefulness of this flashlight . There are a couple of defense-minded friends and relatives who will be getting these for Christmas .
 Good product , very bright and compact . Only thing is that the light beam can not be adjusted to concentrate the beam or dispersed .
 Currently I have this light mounted on a S&W ; M&P ; .45 , but I also tried mounting it to my Glock 22 , and it fits perfect . The good thing for me , is that both the M&P ; , and the Glock use the same rail key , which was already installed on the light so I did not have to worry about that . If you have a Berretta or certain other brands you will have to change those , which is not too hard.PROS :1 -RRB- Bright enough2 -RRB- The switch is easy to activate with either hand , for momentary or constant on . I can operate it with one hand with no issues.CONS :1 -RRB- It took me forever to figure out how to reinstall the battery door ! It was a huge pain the first time , but once I got it , it was easy to repeat over and over . Maybe it was operator error.Anyway I will be purchasing another one soon , dedicated to home defense use .
 The streamlight tlr-1 is an amazing weapon light . It makes any dark space as bright as day . I would recommend this light to anyone that needs a high quality weapon mounted light at an inexpensive price .
 Great add-on for Glock platform for low light/no light use . The bulb is &#34; blinding &#34; and a must have accessory for duty or home defense applications . Very Impressed with this product by Streamlight ! I like the easy on and off use of the upper mount and the fact that it has Made in the USA .
 I bought this light about 2 1/2 - 3 years ago and have been satisfied with it the entire time . it 's was n't until about a month ago that the light started to visibly dim . I mounted this light on my glock when i first got it , and it has n't been off of it since . That glock is my pride and joy , so it 's safe to say i carry it with me everywhere , and the light has come right along with . First of all , the brightness of the light is amazing . it will definitely light up a room instantly . I 've taken it hunting and camping , and every time , i get positive comments on how it outshines any of their flashlights . And , even at it 's dim stage at this point , it will still stun a person with a quick flash . Second , the placement of the switch , is quite convenient . It quickly became second nature to flip the switch on or off , or just flash the light temporarily , which is what i usually do . The light is also very simple to mount and remove which is a great plus . And finally , the durability of this light is great ! like i said , i carry that gun with me everywhere , and the light has tagged right along without hindrance.It 's been through rain , drizzle , mist , fog , humidity , sunlight , jeans , pockets , jackets , belts , holsters , glove compartments , center consoles , suitcases , underneath and between seats , heavy brush and thicket , and it 's taken it all in stride . I have n't had to readjust or tighten again . Actually , i have n't had a single problem with this product , well , except for the dimming , but that just comes with continuous use -LRB- and after 3 years -RRB- and can easily be remedied by replacing the battery , which i will do soon . Overall , i am genuinely satisfied with this product , and would definitely recommend it .
 I currently live with my mother and I 'm 27 , so what ? That being said I am absolutely in love with this light !!! It is definitely a quality product !! I currently have it mounted on my CZ P-01 and it fits like a dream -LRB- I did have to modify the key but i 'll get there -RRB- . The light is solid , does n't feel like a toy like most other lights I 've seen or held . This thing is also blindingly bright , and will leave you disoriented for a few minutes after looking at it in a night time environment . It is also amazingly bright during the day too ... The TLR-1 looks great on the weapon as well ... It is sleek and a great match as far as finish goes -LRB- on my P-01 anyways -RRB- . The switch is easy to reach and very easy to toggle . My shooting finger rests naturally on the toggle switch while not on the trigger -LRB- after adjusting the key , I promise I 'll explain -RRB- . Ok , for you CZ owners out there you might want to pay attention . I did modify the 1920 key to fit my CZ , and I did it with good reason . The 1913 key should fit the TLR-1 to the CZ near perfect , however for me there was a bit more of a reach than I wanted . So I took a file and filed away a bit of the material from the top and the trigger side of the key . It did n't take much and you need to check it constantly with a level to ensure it 's not lopsided . For most people this may not be an issue , but for me it was . An added bonus of this was that the TLR now forms an aesthetically pleasing angle where the Mount meets the rail.I have n't had the privilege of shooting my weapon with the light mounted , but once I do I 'll add how it performed.So as of right now my opinion of this Light mount is that it is absolutely amazing . I would recommend this product to anyone , especially blind people !
 My first weapon mounted light and I am impressed with the TLR-1 . It fit perfectly on a RIA 2011 Tactical 1911 and I found it easy to operate . Very bright and perfect for my needs .
 Love it , works great and made of quality . The extra rail mounts makes it easy to fit to different mounts .
 As all Streamlights , very well made . I have several different Streamlight products none have failed . As I said it 's very bright . I have one mounted on a shotgun and one on a handgun . No issues with recoil . They come with several different addaptors so they will fit on several different rails . It has a momentary and on position .
 Wow for such an affordable price streamlight really is the best bang for your buck . The weapon light , lights up my whole backyard and more . It 's extremely bright and durable .
 Light is extremely bright and holds its value . Used on many missions and has been through some rough hits and weather and continues to hold up .
 I have used this weapon light everyday for the last 2 years in my job . Been in all kinds of wind , weather , rain , dirt , etc still working flawlessly . Other than an occasional battery change . . its still going great . Easy mount , stays put even after 50 or 100 rounds of fire .
 Great fit and very nice light . Fits the Sig P226 well . Probably better off with the TLR # for the P229 . It 's worth the extra $ 50 compared to the cheepos ...
 After 50 rounds it is holding up well on my Glock 22 , right out of the package it had the Glock key already installed so that was a plus . I installed the 1913 key and placed it on my Sig and Troy railed AR-15 once again no problems with fitment , It is rated at 160 lumens and is blinding . It will be used for home defense . I will be buying another along with the streamlight long gun remote tape switch for my AR and my Mossberg 930 and 590A1 SPX 's
 Easily installed in a couple minutes . Very bright ! Easy to reach the switch . Very pleased . My gun already had an internal laser in it and it is pretty much dead center of the flashlight beam .
 This is a VERY bright light for the size . I teamed it up with a contoured remote -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004MOIFLG/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_img_sol_12 -RRB- so that this light turns on when the gun is held . Its been great so far !
 This is exactly what I was looking for . I wanted a weapon light without lasers or strobes . I just wanted on and off . As a firearms/personal protection instructor I try to advocate products that only have a few simple functions . When the adrenaline dumps it 's good to know that the only things to think about and train are turning the light on or off . That said , I know there may be better weapon-mounted lights out there for way more money but this one is phenomenal , dollar for dollar.My only issue is that the switch is made of polymer . It 's not flimsy by any means but it 's slightly flexible . The rest of the unit is housed in aluminum . It would have been nice to see an aluminum switch . Placement of the switch is perfect for me . My trigger finger can easily lock the switch into the constant-on position , and my reaction hand thumb can easily drop down to disengage it or activate the instant-on function.And , on a side note , the seller was lightning fast and reliable . I 'd certainly do business with them again .
 The lights are bright , bright even in the day time , this light will blind someone temporarily if you point it at their eyes . The light fits on S&W m & p 9mm pro rail with the rail key -LRB- GL key -RRB- that it comes installed from factory . I noticed that the instructions are not clear , but who reads instructions anyways . TIP
 Excellent item ! Very bright , high quality construction . Great deal for the price . Holds up fine when shooting , mounted it on my glock 19 9mm . Put about 100 rounds through it didnt loosen , and the beam didnt flicker . Makes a room as bright as day . Highly recommended for anyone needing a taclight for a rail . Fits fine on my Ar-15 rail as well . The switch setup is very convient too , it has an on/off switch or a breif hold to stay on . The switch sits real close to the trigger for fast access . Swithc setup is for left or right hand . Also mounting is easy just need a coin or something to twist to tighten , dont even need to put your hand in front of the barrel . You get the quality of a taclight that costs twice as much for a fraction of the price .
 This is my third light purchase for a gun , and this light blows both of the prior lights out of the water . I could n't be happier with the intensity of this light , I attached it to my Stag M2 AR and feel confident I could hit a target at 100 yards in a new moon . Attaches securely to the picany rail and is high quality all around . Granted the other 2 lights I have purchased were around $ 30 , I would have gladly ponied up the extra $ 45 to get this light . If you want a fantastic light at a resonable price , look no further .
 Received light in great condition . Had no trouble mounting to pistol after attaching a rail . Very bright beam , easy to turn on . A bit difficult to remove/install batts but not a real problem . Very well made .
 Best $ 100 I ever spent in my life . Great product for home protection . Tested this on my wife when she came home in the day time and it blinded her . Of course I only used the light it was n't attached to my handgun . If a intruder comes in the night and this light is shined in his eye there is no question you will have the upper hand !
 Very very very very Bright . Which is grate.High quality light . Forget sure fire . This is the way to go .
 For the price , this is one of the best tactical lights you will find for a rifle . I ca n't speak for it 's use or application on a pistol . Locks on tight , easy to switch on and off without moving your hand from the fore-grip or handguard . I 'm extremely happy with my purchase .
 Amazing how bright such a small light can get ! The important thing to note here is that while the light is bright enough for illuminating the area ahead of you , the Streamlight TLR-1 is bright enough to be disorienting ... so , shining the light at your target will make the target visible . Shining the light at a `` bad guy '' will not only make him visible enough to shoot , it will also certainly temporarily blind them and can even cause a headache or disorientation . Both myself , as well as a couple of my buddies , tried having the light shined at our face , during mid-day , in a well lit room , from about 10 feet , for only one second . None of us could focus on the light for the entire second . Your instinctive reaction is to look away and close your eyes . All 3 of us saw spots for about 5 minutes . Needless to say , this is what you want for personal defense . I have since ordered a second unit and installed it on another `` emergency '' gun I keep in my night stand . The TLR-1 increases my security exponentially ... I LOVE IT !!!
 As the owner of several Streamlights , I will say that the TLR 1 is hands down the best value in their line up and the best value on the market . Durable and well designed the LED light is very bright with greater battery life than earlier models .
 The light fitted perfectly on my glock 21 gun , the light intensity is wide and long and very bright . Awesome light
 Wow that 's bright , and the all-metal construction makes me believe it will last a long time . The switch is easy and natural to operate either strong hand or support hand . High quality , AAA .
 SO i originally purchased this item thinking it was a steal at the price for a good strobe tac light . Well -LRB- operator error -RRB- i was looking at the specs for a different item . This is not a strobe , this is the TLR 1 , and i wanted the TLR 1S . So i went looking for the right one at the gun shop nearest me , and they had it . That nonsense is considerably too bulky for a sidearm . Having been in combat situations i can tell you that the product is of perfect quality , but not perfect compatibility . It is far too large and doesnt fit at all on a pistol . Well at least thats my opinion . Now streamlight makes a pistol compatible strobe , but for twice the price.However , anyone who has had to addapt will appreciate the fact that although this model has no strobe , it can be manually opperated to strobe by simply tapping the thumb on the non-dominant hand -LRB- in my case left -RRB- , leaving your trigger hand free to opperate normally . This light is bright and concentrated , leaving very little silhouette if any . It lights up a full body while leaving the ambient room illumination to almost nothing . All in all streamlight makes quality products for the personal defense and law applications . And of course , being the human being i am , i dropped this damn thing from six feet onto tile floor because i dont think ahead of my clumsy aptitude . After i finished cursing my life , i picked it up and it works just fine ... . so ya know , at least i know its shock proof .
 For the price and quality , this is the best weapon light out there in my opinion . Strobe mode can be tricky to get on , but it works just fine once you get the hang of it .
 I love this flashlight that I ordered for my AR-15 . This light has a full on or momenterally on switch so you can control the function of the light . This light fits the rail very well and very tight . It comes with adapters to fit the different kinds of rails . I have seen this light at a much higher cost than what Amazon charges . This light is well worth the price when you may have to depend on a good light to help save your life .
 I 've put this on a handgun , and have to say it works well . I 'll buy more streamlight in the future .
 The instructions were not as precise as they could have been . It took a little time to figure out how to open the battery compartment . But the light is really awesome and mounts easily .
 I really liked the fact that it was 170 lumens and for the price the quality is super hard to beat . I do n't really like the look of the huge screw on the side , which functions fine but to me it does n't seem well thought out . To me the screw hurts the aesthetics and makes the light look kind of chunky however , it does not effect the draw from a holster and still looked pretty sweet on my AR-15 . So to some it up does it look as nice as my Surefire x300 ? In my opinion , no but you get a premium light with the same light intensity , thats an extremely rugged package for about half the cost .
 I purchased this light for my Glock 17 . it is super bright and a solid construction . Doesnt move around at all and it looks great ! I light it so much if I plan to purchase another light for any of my guns I am most definitely going for a streamlight .
 Bought this for my Sig P226 Tactical Operations . Easy to remove and replace , easy switch system . I highly recommend this for anyone for home defense .
 It 's as beautiful when it 's illuminated as I thought it would be . It was a gift for my sister and she loves it !
 The handle I order was the wrong one , square stem . Should have gotten a round stem handle . But I 'm keeping it for a back up for my outside needs . It is a quality handle .
 Now this is a sprayer that Tim the toolman would love . Three woofs.Brass pump and tank feed rod , spray trigger is also brass and not a cheesy spring action like those plastic ones , coated metal tank , long spray extension , two brass nozzles , .5 and 1 gal/min . I purchased this sprayer to apply -LRB- a second coat of -RRB- BP Pro Wet Look sealer -LRB- Xylene based -RRB- recommended for Cambridge pavers after the first coat destroyed another sprayer , all the seals failed and the hose blew three times before I finished that first coat . This sprayer never hesitated or hiccuped at all during the whole sealing application . Application was a breeze , included a tank refill and I used Xylene solvent cleanup followed by water washout and it looked like new.An excellent sprayer that should last a lifetime .
 If you are a contractor and are condsidering purchasing either the basic chapin 19049 or the xtreme version , there should be little hesitation for purchasing the xtreme . I have used both of these sprayers for a few years now , and found the xtreme is the only one to purchase solely because of the hose . What I have found , is that the typical solvent based sealers will soon render the basic model 's hose hard as a rock . This makes handling , storage of the sprayer a pain in the butt . I recently bought a basic model and have had a mineral spirit based sealer in it . . a siloxane product ... and the hose is already hard as a rock !!! That hose is a JOKE !!!! and should n't even be offered ... The xtreme hose is alot better in that it doesnt ' get hard and remains flexible , although it too has a weakness . If you leave your solvent based sealer in it , like I do , the hose actually softens , usually at the fitting closest to the tank and can rupture . With that being said , it is still far superior to the original . Have a good day .
 This sprayer is MADE IN THE USA for those that are motivated by just that . But 's it 's all brass where it matters and perfect for high solid solvent based things like paver sealers with solvents like xylene or toluene . It 's very well made and will function as a sprayer for just about anything . I spray my peach trees with it . Paver-Renu sealer on my paver patio is what I origionally bought it for . It has many uses . I expect it 'll last me a life time ...
 Just used it to apply degreaser to 5,000 sqft concrete -- AN OUTSTANDING PRODUCT ! I was blown away by the quality as soon as I took it out of the box . Construction is beautiful . Viton brass nozzles -LRB- 1 GPM and 1/2 GPM -RRB- ; long brass wand ; brass trigger ; brass barrel tube -LRB- for the pump -RRB- and corrosive-resistant interior . Durable steel tank and heavy-duty paint job.PERFORMANCE : - Super strong pump handle and spin-lock collar . Unlike other designs , this allows you to pump without accidentally unlocking the whole pump cylinder . Simple but brilliant.-3 .5 gallons is perfect for spraying most areas . It does n't weigh a ton , but you still get enough volume to avoid frequent refills . My whole job took exactly three canisters -LRB- 50 minutes -RRB- . Filled weight is 40 lbs ; 10 lbs empty.-Large mouth with flanges lets you fill quickly . If you need to dilute , there are measuring grooves inside and out of the canister for easy measuring . No straining your eyes with those useless `` see thru '' gauges.-Excellent spray consistency for an unregulated sprayer . After the initial fill and pump , I only had to re-pump once.-Nice spray pattern , owing to the quality brass nozzles . What a difference over plastic ! - Made in `` America ? '' Whoever these people are , they build nice stuff . Do n't bother looking for this at bLowes 's or Home Despot.-Minor complaint
 This product works beautifully . I used it to spray patterned/stamped concrete patio about 700 square feet and it took me about 30 minutes including one refill . The entire process was a lot easier than originally thought . The spray was even and effortless . The sprayer is well made . The plastic holder to hold the sprayer wand is a bit flimsy.I had difficulty getting the sprayer pump to close and lock properly . That was not an issue with the sprayer but the instructions in the user manual . The user manual had instructions on how to close and lock the pump , but no explanation on the possible causes and steps to get it close and lock properly if it ran in to issues . I wasted an hour or so trying to fix the problem . I finally gave up and was almost ready to ship the unit back as being defective . The next day , I took it to a rental store renting the similar unit and the technician got it working within 30 seconds . The manual should include Frequently Asked Questions section and include this common issue.Another item to expand in the user manual is about cleaning the sprayer . The manual says to clean with water only . However , the rental store told me that you can use xylene or paint thinner or water depending on the solvent in the spray material you are using . I have not confirmed this with the manufacturer . However , the manufacturer can include better description about cleaning fluid and explicitly include/exclue other cleaning fluids.Since this is late in the season , I will try the sprayer on other spray applications next season and see how versatile this sprayer is . However , it worked beautifully for the main application I bought this sprayer for .
 The previous reviewers have said it all better than we could . This is a professional quality sprayer that is good for all types of liquids and chemicals.Thank Heaven it will be the LAST sprayer we buy : -RRB-
 Top notch Product ! Many projects a homeowner -LRB- even commercial -RRB- may face to do the job right , and all the time it takes to prep the job , it 's always great to have the tools that perform flawless and without taking extra time to fuss or tinker with your tools as you do the job . I have used mine many times to seal and preserve concrete , cinder block , brick and a stamped patio with a variety of chemical products and solvents and each time it performed flawlessly . I have also used it on my 3 acre property to apply various pesticides and herbicides . If used proper and maintained and kept clean as the instructions say I can see how it may or will last you lifetime ! All the sprayers I 've purchased in the past I could have bought at least 3 of these ! I highly recommend this sprayer ... !!!!!!!!
 The first words out of my mouth when I opened the box . What a GREAT piece of equipment . Incredibly well-made - solid , sturdy , and probably the very last sprayer I will ever have to buy . Know the solid `` thunk '' you hear when closing the door of a Mercedes , Volvo , or BMW ? That 's the same quality feel this product has - and no other word to describe it but ` solid ' . Sturdy tank , solid brass nozzles , brass pump mechanism , a nice long curved brass sprayer wand and both the hand valve and hose are top-notch . It 's also long enough that you 're not hampered in spraying by the distance between the tank and the spray wand like so many cheaper sprayers . The only thing this sprayer needs is a shoulder strap . This sprayer is heavy - but it 's all metal . Expecting it to weigh close to 30lbs when filled , but it 's not cheap tin . I 'm amazed that a product is still this well-made - the quality of this unit reminds me of those in my neighbor 's toolshed growing up in the 1960s . I 'll test it out on Saturday , but I seriously doubt I 'll have any problems with it . Already ordered a couple of additional nozzles and an extra spray wand for it just so I 'll have them around for various things . Saturday is solvent-spraying day - I 'm almost like a kid at Christmas with a new bike - ca n't wait for a warm , sunny day to ride it!Don ' t think you can go wrong with this unit based on what I 've seen in the first ten minutes of ownership !
 I have never used a canister sprayer before and I needed one to spray my weed killer . I decided to buy one that look like it would last for a while and had good reviews . So you might think that I went overboard with buying something like this to spray weeds . The sprayer came in a box with all the included accessories -LRB- brass 0.5 gpm nozzle and 1.0 gpm nozzle , the brass wand , hose , and plastic holder -RRB- . I did n't see an instruction booklet so I decided to learn on the go -LRB- maybe the instructions were written on the box ? I do n't know since the box is trashed -RRB- . It was easy to use but since it was my first time , I had a bit of difficulty -LRB- had to turn completely counterclockwise to unlock and so that it fits in the proper lock setting -RRB- . The spray is very even except towards the end when you are running out of the mixture as it starts making a burst of mist rather than an even linear spray . The handle on top is how you create the pressure to spray out the mixture -LRB- unlock the handle and pull it up and push it back down repeatedly until you feel a good amount of resistance then lock it -RRB- . I usually spray everything in the canister out and then keep it spraying to de-pressurize the tank before I unlock the top . I did n't have any problems but the product and it looks like it should last me for a very long time . I should mention , when I looked through accessories , I had thought they forget to include the 0.5 gpm nozzle -LRB- it was attached to the wand -RRB- and called them . They gave me two new 0.5 gpm nozzles in the mail within two days . That is customer service -LRB- even though it was my fault for not looking carefully -RRB- ! That is a company I would do business with again .
 This thing is a beast . It is very well built , extremely durable , easy to use . This is night and day difference between anything at Home Depot or Lowes . My only warning - it is heavy , especially full -LRB- around 27-30 pounds depending on what you put in it -RRB- . This is not a problem for me , but something to consider if you are a small person or intend to use this for many hours .
 I 've been using Accumulair filters for about 3 years now since I purchased my house due to the unique size -LRB- 17x22 -RRB- of the filter . Most big box stores do n't carry this filter size and the reusable fiberglass filter that came with the furnace is woefully terrible at filtering the air -LRB- like Swiss cheese compared to the Accumulair filters -RRB- . I ca n't comment definitively on the effectiveness of the odor blocking properties of the filter since I have n't really done any experimentation , but it * SEEMS * to work -LRB- well , at least to some degree -RRB- given that we have three cats and a Husky -LRB- which seems to shed a cat 's worth of fur every month -RRB- in the house and it seems to be fairly odorless.Don ' t expect instant results with regards to odor given that for it to even be effective , it would need to circulate a pretty large amount of air . It may take a day or two to notice anything.As far as the filtering properties go , it does a decent enough job for a 1 '' filter given the circumstances -LRB- the aforementioned 3 cats and a dog -RRB- . The house is still requires a good dusting ever 2-3 weeks , but certainly , I think it would be much worse given the amount of dirt , dust , and dander I 've seen on the filters when I pull it out to change it.Overall , a recommended product . In fact , I 'm going to buy a few more as soon as I finish typing this : -RRB-
 great value and easy to make a frame . the hard part is installing the mesh . nylon mesh is alot easier installing than the aluminum mesh but the aluminum will last longer and take more abuse
 Very easy to install/use . With access to the space above the living room ceiling and open ceiling joists up there these ` New Construction ' ` IC ' light housings are easily installed and afterward can be covered by loose insulation . I put in several and had no problems at all , once the hole is cut where you need it the unit drops into place and the supports extend over to the ceiling joists and their tabs can 99 % of the time just slip between the sheetrock/ceiling joist . If its just too tight you can either cut off the tab with a pair of tin snips or simply bend it over flat . Then the nails -LRB- provided & in place ! -RRB- are hammered into the ceiling joist . Using these new construction units makes it so you have more than the sheetrock holding the recessed light cans in place . The electrical connections inside the unit could n't be easier and take less than a minute to connect up . Recommend !
 This is a U.S. made pliers . I used to have a Craftsman thin nose pliers that was made in Japan . It had thinner jaws than this Channellock , and the steel was amazing . I used it for over 25 years before it was lost or stolen at work . No matter what I used it for , it never had any scratches or dings . No longer available , but this plier is very high quality and should serve me well . I love fine tools and I would like to also mention Knipex -LRB- Germany -RRB- and Engineer -LRB- Japan -RRB- who make excellent pliers .
 I love this tool ! Well made and very handy to have in ones tool box .
 I have many Channellock pliers and the quality has been great on all of them . These slip joints -LRB- 516 's -RRB- have a thinner nose and it makes it easier to get into places that you could n't with the standard slip joints . I find my self reaching for these first if I need a slip joint.They are made in the U.S. and the quality is leaps and bounds above the Far East imports I 've seen that inhabit most mega marts and DIY centers .
 I bought 3 different Yosemate Porcelain Night Light and love them all ! The workmanship , detailing are impressive forsuch relatively small porcelain plate ! The infiltrating light through plate gives us a pictures of our dreams!Thanks a lot !
 Purchased as a gift . absolutely looks three dimensional when back lit . excellent for that hard to buy for individual.Reasonably priced & looks much more expensive in person .
 Great alternative to the cheap night lights sold in box stores . This truly is beautiful and has just the right amount of brightness . You can also adjust the porcelain shade if you want the light to be brighter in one direction or the other .
 This is an excellent smoke alarm if you do n't want battery back up and do n't want to have to replace batteries at 3 in the morning . We have a back up generator so we never needed battery back up . The alarm is easy to install and does what it is suppose to do.Be warned . When they say no more than 12 alarms do n't try to use 13 , and no more than 1,000 feet of wire between the first to last . I tried to install a thirteenth alarm and they all went off . Then I tried to install one over 1,000 feet away and they went off again . The instructions were absolutely correct . When I called their customer service people they answered with a live person and he told me exactly what the instructions said , no more than 12 and under 1,000 feet or wire . I am happy with the alarms but if you need more than 12 and one or more has to be over 1,000 feet away you will need a different type of alarm .
 This smoke detector was a replacement for an earlier model that we had whose emitter had decayed to levels where the detector would periodically go off . Replacing it with the newer model was not too difficult . It required my removing the old mounting ring and placing the new ring that was custom for the replacement model . This took perhaps 10 minutes at the most.How do you rate a smoke detector that does n't do smoke detecting ? You can periodically spray some artificial smoke in its direction to see if it will go off . I suspect that perhaps only 1 household in 10,000 or more does this regularly . The bottom line is that I do n't know how well it is working . It is n't going off any more because of the depleted radioactive source used to activate the alarm . I have to depend on the testing laboratories who rate these things for the pluses and minuses.All in all , I have a new detector that seems to be working replacing the old one and an increased sense of security which may or may not be juustified .
 I have a family with five children in a two story house -LRB- bedrooms upstairs -RRB- . I have nine of these wired together in my house.I put the system in about 10 years ago.I put a lighted `` on/off '' switch in the kitchen beside the hallway to the second story bedrooms . When the system has tripped due to cooking or some other smoke incident in the house we can shut the alarms off till the air clears . This has worked really well over the years.My biggest concern for the family safety is at night when we are all tucked in bed and asleep.With the battery powered units -LRB- BRK-9120B -RRB- you can not turn the system off with a switch so if all are wired together and an incident happens you have to put up with the alarms -LRB- all -RRB- till they go off . UGH !! The only drawback I have with these is that they wear out but then I knew that when I put them in .
 Installed and working perfectly . My prior alarms were sounding off any time day or night . These work flawless . The shipping and price were both excellent . A+A+A +
 JUST WHAT I WANTED . FAST . PRICED RIGHT . *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** **
 They work perfect . They have no batteries . No 9v battery . Just plug them into the Smoke Alarm system and you are set . You may have to rewire the plug for the smoke alarm but not hard . 3 wires
 Be sure to note that these are the non battery backup versions . So fires with a no power situation may not be alarmed properly .
 Bought these to replace our aged former BRK alarms -LRB- which for the first time shrieked and would n't shut up during a power outage -- which was fine , since it turned out they were a couple of years past their expiration date -RRB- . Installing the new ones was quite easy since the hardware matched . Seem to be working fine with no false alarms -LRB- and we have a wood stove -RRB- , though I guess you never really know until you need them . I also bought a couple of battery-powered photoelectric alarms , since ionization alarms like these are not really enough to keep your family safe .
 Replacement would be easier if it fit on the existing base plate . Otherwise it is easy to replace.Good price .
 Easy to install - I bought two of these to replace &#34; expired &#34; smoke alarms , and give us a little more reassurance that we had protection.The test procedure/button/sound can not be much easier to performThe blinking red light -LRB- and hidden light in the device -RRB- help reassure us something is workingThe alarm sound is quite loud enough
 We purchsed these to replace the battery backup versions that were getting old and having constant chirping , even with new batteries . I read on Amazon that someone else had replaced with these , and so far , so good . No more chirping ... We did buy 2 battery operated smoke detectors -LRB- one upstairs , and one downstairs -RRB- as we did not want to be without protection if the power was out . They installed easily , as the use the same plug . -LRB- You do need to replace the base , but it is extremely easy and each detector was less than 5 minutes to replace .
 Our alarms with the batteries were always going off so we decided to go for the hardwired . So glad we did . No batteries to change and since we have two smoke alarms on the ceiling 25-30 feet up we no longer have to hire someone to change the batteries !
 I was a little hesitant to buy these based on a few reviews but they work great , installation was a snap !
 We were able to replace our old units with the new one very easily , and we did not want the hassle of beeping batteries , so I am happy with these .
 Replaced the 9120B battery backup smoke alarm with this model , and it seemed to work well with the rest of the wired in smoke detectors . Was much cheaper than the 9120B and eliminated the need to climb on tall ladder to replace the battery . Will replace the rest with this model as they fail -LRB- which reviews indicate they will -RRB- .
 I bought these based on brand and price . I am happy to have no batteries to change . Easy to install .
 I got exactly what I was expecting ... Entry level smoke detector to match the existing ones in my house without having to go through any major construction projects . I call that a win !
 These are easy to install . I did have to change the base on the current ones but this is easy-2 screws . I used these to replace same detectors that reached end of life .
 I purchased seven of this alarms to replace all the ones that were installed in our house in 1998 . But after reading the reviews , I was skeptical about it chirping after a few months of use . Well , I 've now had them 2 years . Only one chirped several months ago . I took the battery out , it was still good , so I unplugged the hardwire and re-installed the battery ; reconnected the hardwire and so far ... it 's worked great . Now , I think its time to replace all the batteries and will follow the steps that I just mentioned .
 Seller was easy to deal with and shipped as promised . I purchased 2 Smoke Alarms and had them installed in less than 30 Minutes . Wiring was easy and they fit in the same location as my existing smoke alarms .
 This was a great product easy to install . With the adaptor in the kit we were able to install into our 30 + year old system within minutes ... great product . . replaced all in our home . .
 This model replaces the original BRK 4120 's that my home was equipped with when it was built 9 years ago . Slowly but surely , I am having to replace ALL the smoke alarms in the house .
 Used to replace similiar smoke detectors with battery backup . Got tired of replacing backup battery every year or so even though power is rarely out .
 I am so happy that I finally got rid of my old smoke detectors that required a 9V backup battery . What are the chances when you have BOTH a power outage and a fire happening at the same time ? The chances are not zero but I would rather kill the hassle of having to replace the 9V batteries and no longer have to deal with the annoying beeping sounds when the backup batteries were running low . However , I am still keeping one smoke detector with a 9V backup battery on each of my two floors to give myself a peace of mind . Installation was easy for me as it was a replacement of my existing smoke detectors with the same manufacturer . Highly recommended .
 I ordered this to replace the 9120B with battery backup and ordered in a hurry . This model is the SAME THING without the battery backup . Since I was replacing the one in the kitchen , and the only one of that floor . I just put the 9120 in one of the bedrooms and put the old 9120B downstairs -LRB- for some reason we have 5 upstairs and only 1 downstairs -RRB- . It will be alright and saved me $ 30 . It fit fine in the 9120B slot and activated my other alarms all over the house when I tested it .
 I purchased this to replace the same model -LRB- with battery -RRB- . My old model needed the battery replaced but it was very difficult and I broke the battery door -LRB- after I spent $ 5 for a new battery -RRB- . This unit installed in a minute with the same wiring harness . Now I do n't have to worry about the battery . Also , I never have to worry about the thing starting to beep at me when it needs a battery.Incredible that someone can sell something like this for under $ 10 . I highly recommend this unit unless you frequently have fires when the power is out!Update 12/9/11 , When I used the oven today this guy went off . Very comforting . silence button works great .
 My house came wired with about 12 of these with the battery back-up . Since the 9 volt battery is supposed to power the entire system when electricity is lost they must be replaced fairly frequently . They test at about 8.25 volts when required to be replaced . I have purchased a couple of these non-battery units to replace the ones in the cathedral ceiling that requires a ladder to replace and will invariably start chirping at 2am on a cold winters morning . I have also replace the one in our unheated attic which suffers the same fate.As long as I can get to the unit I 'll stick with the battery back-ups but for those hard to reach places these electric models as a better choice .
 I have a house that 's ~ 14 years old , with an interconnected Kidde smoke and heat alarm system . One of the alarms started going off randomly , and since I could n't detect the culprit , I decided to replace all of the alarms . Turns out that smoke alarms should be replaced every 10 years anyways . Doh!I bought six of these smoke alarms and three heat detectors ; these detectors will tell you which one sounded if they are triggered , and they are very inexpensive . I am assuming that they 'll work in a real emergency . : -RRB- The installation was quick , about five minutes per alarm . For each alarm , I removed the Kidde alarm entirely -LRB- alarm + mounting plate + three-wire connector -RRB- and then installed the BRK alarm -LRB- three-wire connector + mounting plate + alarm -RRB- . The BRK alarms do not come with mounting screws or wire nuts , but I already had these from my prior alarms , so not a problem.With regard to battery backup , you only need one 9-volt battery for an entire interconnected system . The BRK heat alarms I got have battery backup , so I did n't need battery backups on the smoke alarms.Note that Kidde and BRK alarms are not compatible on an interconnected system , so you have to go all Kidde , or all BRK/First Alert alarms -LRB- the same company makes both BRK and First Alert -RRB- . Also , the Kidde and BRK three-wire connectors are different , so you can not reuse the connectors.The only possible gripe I have is that once the BRK connectors are plugged in , they 're very tough to unplug . Perhaps this is a good feature with regard to safety!And finally , I wrote the installation month and year in black marker on one of the alarms , to aid in reminding me when to replace them , although I probably should have used their `` born on '' date , June 2011 , or better yet , written `` 6/2021 '' as the expiration date .
 After 10 years with another brannd , we were looking to get rid of the pesky batteries . These fit the bill , were inexpensive and easy to install . I 'll take the chance that a fire will start when the power goes OUT while I 'm sleeping . I 'd have to get hit by lightning , or a meteorite , both unlikely but sure to wake me . 8 * -RRB-
 I bought one of these because it was easier than getting the landlord in to replace a defective smoke detector . It plugged directly into the old wiring , but the mounting ring was a slightly different size than the old smoke detector . Not a big deal , it still only took me five minutes to install . This communicates with the others in the house , just like the old one -LRB- i.e. , when one signals smoke , they all do -RRB- . Note that this one does not have a battery , so you must have house power to it . I 'm not saying that 's bad or good , it just depends on what you need -LRB- in my case , I was happy to not have to worry about a battery -RRB- .
 Bought 4 of these to install in a clients home . Was having trouble finding 120vac alarms without battery back up . These were mounted quite high and would have been nearly impossible to change batterys twice a year . They worked great .
 My house is 10 + years old and has 10 smoke detectors installed from the same manufacturer as this product , BRK . The original detectors were guaranteed for 10 years and for the most part worked well . Several years ago , I did have one replaced under warranty by the manufacturer . Recently , 2 more of the detectors started to act up and I figured time to replace them . I purchased 4 of these units . The power connector matched what I already had in my home , so the only thing I needed to do was replace the wall plate and plug the new detectors in . I replaced the 2 that were causing me problems and I am keeping 2 in reserve for future failures . I tested the detectors when installed and they worked flawlessly . They activate locally and then set off all the alarms in the house since they are all interconnected . Later , when baking , some grease spilled and started to smoke in the oven and the detector closest to the kitchen -LRB- one I had replaced -RRB- activated like it would have in a real fire/smoke situation . The cost was the best I could find for this model at the time I ordered . They were shipped and received timely . They work as advertised . I am completely satisfied .
 Works fine as expected . Old unit started alarming unexpectedly and I had to find replacement . It takes only couple minutes to replace old unit with this one .
 My 10 year old BRKs started false alarming -LRB- naturally at 3 A.M. -RRB- Time to replace them . I read lots of bad reviews about BRK - lots of bad reviews about the other brand ; so I went with BRK due to ease of replacement . The new ones have a latching feature so that I can determine which one of the five detectors caused the alarm . So far they are just fine .
 I 've purchased several of these to replace the smoke detectors in my home that have battery backup . The problem with the battery backup models is the batteries tend to go bad in the middle of the night , which results in the audible low battery warning and a ruined night of sleep . Given the reliability of electricity in the United States , the battery backup seems like a fairly low priority feature to have in a smoke detector . I 'll live w/o the battery backup and avoid the hassle of replacing batteries at 3 AM . I now have 3 of these battery-less models and have no complaints .
 I replaced some battery backup ones with the electric only . We rarely lose power and the battery backup is an annoyance . The current model was completely compatible with my old wiring connection / interlink . I did change out the baseplate with the include one without hassel . It functions as planned without chirps so far .
 These smoke alarms worked perfectly just followed directions and installed with no problems . I installed five interconnected and they performed as advertised . But you do need some knowledge of electrical wiring to install .
 So far so good , if I find out differently I 'll let you know , -LRB- After I 'm released from the burn unit -RRB- .
 I had the other model with a battery in all of our rooms . They were driving me crazy chirping at wee hours of the night . After reading some of the reviews , I decided to give these a try . They work ! I tested them many times -LRB- I drove my daughter nuts ! -RRB- Finally ! we can sleep peacefully .
 THEY WERE PURCHASED TO REPLACE OLDER SMOKE DETECTORS . EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED , THEY FIT THE SPOT WHERE THE PREVIOUS ONES WERE . THEY WORK PERFECTLY .
 I thought I did a review for this , Amazon must have lost it , anyway , this item was sent quick , has been working fine in my older model toilet , was fairly priced and did what it 's supposed to do . A rarity nowadays .
 Looks great , was easy to install -LRB- if U R somewhat handy -RRB- . Is a shinny glossy black but looks ok with my black composite sink .
 After looking at all the big box stores for a strainer that was n't stainless/nickel I was dismayed until I looked here and found these and at a very reasonable price!They fit nicely in with my new kitchen sink and were easy to install . I used silicone rather than plumber 's putty however as the putty said not to use on plastic.I would recommend purchasing these strainers if you are looking for a non-traditional -LRB- stainless -RRB- look for your sink .
 We needed a black strainer to match our black bar sink . This strainer is for a 3 inch drain hole , which is larger than a bathroom type sink . It is the size of a kitchen type sink drain . The strainer was easy to install , and looks great in our sink .
 very good experience , I recommend it widely , the shipment arrived on time.the product was exactly the that I wanted
 Nice smooth cutting with tight radius capability . I cut 2 7/8 '' circle in 2x4 pressure treated wood with relative ease . Would buy again .
 beats the local prices for saw blades -- if you can ever get them at the local store.Now I can just order them on line , and get them in no time at all . Thanks
 Pretty much got what I was looking for . It fit my dinosaur of a band saw and the shipping was quick and cheap . 62 '' blades are extremely hard to find but amazon pointed me to the right one .
 What would a person do without Olson . ? When I bought My 62 '' Bandsaw from H/F I could also get replacement blades online . Now they only sell in their stores , the clostest being a 200 Mile round trip here in S/W Mt. And to top It off , these from Olson 's are just great if You keep them out of iron , They 'll wear like Iron . Yup . ! G-G
 Compared to other portable planers I have used in the past , this one seems to be the most solidly built . I have owned this tool for well over 5 years now and I can honestly say that it was put through its pace and then some . There are nonetheless a few problems with it , one of them being clogging and that happens generally with green woods and wider boards ; something that can be remedeed with a dust collection system . My main issue with this machine is with the feed rollers that seize and can create havoc . Hard to reach bushings with no grease fittings just ask for trouble . The chain and sproket assembly also gets filled with shavings and need to be cleaned regularly -LRB- Another hard to reach place -RRB- . On the older models like mine , the scale is practically impossible to read , but on the other hand , the old foldable crank handle is much better than the new one that always sticks out and ends up broken . Providing this tool is used for what it is intended to , it is a crisp planer that yields excellent results . The column lock is good at preventing sniping -LRB- but watch for your knuckles with thicker stock , that lever can bite ! -RRB- In my opinion , a few minor refinements and a major bearing job on the rollers would turn this planer into a serious tool . Also , I much prefer the resharpenable knifes over the new disposable ones in the new model , even if it 's only two instead of three .
 I bought this planer 10 months ago and just got around to using it . I am impressed ! Set up was easy right out of the box . The planer makes super smooth cuts with no snipe . Dewalt has upgraded to a 3 knife model , but it is hard to see how they could improve on this one . The dust hood does a good job with my shop vac attached with very few chips ending up on the table.The only negative I have found so far is the carrying handles . If you do n't carry it level the planer can shift on the telescopic handles and pinch your hand .
 I 'll be brief
 I highly recommend the DW733 . I originally went to -LSB- the store -RSB- and purchased a Delta 22-560 . What a piece of junk . I could only plane 3 maybe 4 boards 1x8x12feet and the thing overheated and shut itself down . No , I was not planing too much at a time . I took the thing back , got my money and bought a DW733 . What a world of difference . Like comparing a Ferrari to a Bicycle . Absolutely no comparison . Snipe ? There is no snipe with a DeWalt period . The speed of lowering the cutter to make another pass is like comparing the speed of light to the speed of sound . I really like this DeWalt . I plane 1 `` x8 `` x12 ' boards . Mostly doug fir and ponderosa pine . After planing over 20 boards the motor is cool . It is just a pleasure to use . The only drawback to this machine is the dust or shaving removal . It does n't work but I do n't care . I just have my air hose handy and every so often I just blow the stuff away . I would highly recommend this machine to anyone who does any planing . The infeed and outfeed tables were perfectly level right out of the box etc. etc. . I just have n't had a problem at all so far with this machine ...
 I 've read the other reviews of this product , and I have a question
 I am absolutley wowed by the accuracy of the cut . One quarter turn of the crank equalled precisely 1/64th of an inch just like it said it would . After jointing one surface flat and planing the other , the variances were barely measurable in the thousandths of an inch.Although the manufacturer boasts of a snipe free cut , no small planer and very few big ones can actually pull that off . This little powerhouse comes closer than I have ever seen . When snipe is present it is usually so light it is difficult to see untill sanded or stained . A quick pass with the belt sander makes it disappear in a hurry.The dust chute works very well with a large shop vacume . Even if you just hang it in place like I do . Permantly attaching the chute prohibits the outfeed table from closing up . This is to be expected in a portable unit.The key issue is what are your needs ? If you are going to use it daily as a production tool obviously spend one to three thousand dollars for a large stationary planer . Anything less and this one ca n't be beat .
 I bought one of these during X-mas . With the $ 50 rebate , free set of knives and dust hood , and the additional 10 % discount that Amazon offered , my total cost was under $ 300 . I could not resist , and am glad that I did n't . Just open the box , plug it in , and away I went . This is the first planer that I have owned , but if it continues to perform like it does now , I do n't see how it can be beat . With my new Jet dust collector attached , virtually 100 % of the dust and chips were collected . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I received my planer timely and damage free . I was pleasantly surprised how intuitive the machine was to use -LRB- it is my first planer -RRB- . I planed approximately 20 feet of 4 '' hard maple then I decided to read the instructions , `` NEVER ... OPERATE THE PLANER WITH THE DUST CHUTE REMOVED , OR SERIOUS PERSONAL INJURY MAY RESULT . '' I could not believe that something so important would be sold separately . It is like selling a car with the brakes as an option . Given this , why is the dust chute sold separately ? Why was there no indication of this during the ordering process ? For those interested in the planer - GET IT ! It performs as well as it was adversited . BUT , order the dust chute TOO !!
 I 've had mine for almost a month now . Have planed over 200 feet of air dried , 6 '' wide , rough sawn red oak . The first set of blades are dull enough to change . I am very happy with this tool so far . The dust hood is definitely a must , and I feel it should be included with the planer . The only minor problem that I have encountered , is that the infeed rollers get dirty quick and begin to slip . But with a little shove , the wood is on its way again . I am however disappointed that amazon deleted the few negative reviews that were here a couple weeks ago . They were not obnoxious , they were just being honest about their bad encounters with the tool . By deleteing these comments , it makes these reviews almost useless.Amazon , being critical of a tool is a good thing . It makes the manufacturers aware that there may be problems , and it only makes for finer quality tools in the future .
 I 've owned my planer for a little over 2 years . My comments are as follows :1 . It produces an excellent surface .2 . It is prone to having material occasionaly stick on it 's way through the planer . This is generally the result of pitch build-up , especially when planing pine . The problem can be solved by waxing the infeed and outfeed tables and cleaning the rubber infeed and outfeed rollers .3 . It is EXTREMELY loud . It produces a very high-pitched and irritating scream . This can be mostly solved with hearing protection , but with even the best , you 'll know it 's running ! 4 . The knives stay sharp for a long time , but are prone to chipping . This leaves a raised line in the board , but since the chips are usually small , the lines are easy to sand out . Fortunately , the knives are easy to change .5 . A dust collector is necessary for best operation . If you operate without dust collection , chips will fall back on the rollers and leave dents in your wood . My shop vac could n't keep up . I finally bought a Jet DC 1100 and solved both problems .6 . The depth-of-cut gauge and turrent depth stops are very handy .7 . It is a heavy machine . Furthermore , the dust port prevents the outfeed table from folding . This is not a problem for me since I use it mounted on a stand . But , if I wanted a more portable unit , I might pass it by for the smaller Delta or Makita.Conclusion
 I purchased my planer about 3 months ago and have used it on approximatly 300 board feet of oak and maple and I am still on the first set , first side of the blades . I compared planers for about 2 months , read Wood Mag . reviews and decided on the DeWalt . There is little of no snipe due to the extra long infeed and outfeed tables . It was easy to set up because you take it out of the box , unfold the tables , plug it in and your in business . I really enjoy the thickness indicator that tells you how much wood you are removing . I would recommend this machine to anyone who does a lot of planning .
 I just bought this planer , no setup , just send the boards through , no snipe . The turret depth stop is wonderful if you are planing more than 1 board and need it to be exactly the same . Then you have the material removal indicator that shows how much material you are taking off . I compared this to the Delta 22560 , side by side the Delta is not the machine the Dewalt is . I only paid $ 40.00 more for the Dewalt , and very glad I did . The only thing I did n't like about it is that it should in my opinion come with the dust hood . Charge more and throw it in with the planer , it 's a must have accessory . Instead I had to order it and pay $ 5.00 shipping . If you buy this planer order the dust hood along with it .
 Just received the planer and used it before even reading the instructions . I 'm a woodworking student at a college . The planer came recommended by instructor and other advanced students own the planer and gave it two thumbs up . The just delivered planer went to school , came out of the box , a quick look at scales and adjustments , turned it on , and the entire class compared this planer performanmce to the industrial capacity planer at the school . Cutting Ash , this DeWalt planer produced a better quality cut and was accurate with thickness removal with only a slight sign of snipe at both ends of the board . Will adjust the infeed and outfeed tables and run some more wood . Will get back to you with results as more board feet are consumed . So far , an easy to use tool with an easy to read manual to go along with it.The reason for this note is to mske you aware , no signs of the free vacuum dust hood and no signs of the mail-in rebate coupon . I 'm waiting for amazon.com to get back to me to tell me what to do . If I have to , I 'll contact DeWalt . Got the extra set of knives included with the planer . Easily found replacement parts -LRB- knives , belt and even vacuum dust hood -RRB- at the local power tool supply store . Will be writing here again , ... soon .
 Having used other brands of thickness planers with their typical problems with `` snipe '' and inefficient design , I have been very pleased witht the features and performance with the DeWalt DW733 thickness planer . The custom furniture and exotic wood inlay work I do requires an extremely high degree of accuracy , often measured in 1/1000 's of an inch , which this machine is quite capable of . The thickness adjustment operates smoothly and quickly . The four column locking feature virtually eliminates `` snipe '' on even the thinnest pieces , which in itself is a cost savings considering the high-priced wood used in the inlay work . I do n't have to figure extra length into pieces just so I can cut the snipe off . Blades change out easily producing excellent results immediately , without any special adjustments . These factors make it an excellent value ... and I do n't know how I was able to get by without one !
 Have been woodworking about 20 years now . Purchased the DeWalt 733 Planner over two years ago and it 's still running strong . Easy to use operation , adjustments are very accurate . I really like the thick large planner knifes which allow for many resharpenings . Have run through well over 800 board feet of hardwood lumber , mostly red oak and not a single problem with this DeWalt Planner . I keep an extra set of knifes always ready for a quick change of blades , which I might add is fairly easy to do . Thanks DeWalt , this is a heavy-duty workhorse in my woodshop . The model 733 allows me to keep the price of fine hardwood lumber down to a reasonable cost since I purchase all my lumber from a indenpendant sawmill .
 This is the first portable planer I have used and it rivals the big stationary shop planers . Have used it on oak , maple , cedar and pine and the only problem I had was minor chipping around knots in the cedar , but I do n't know that this would n't happen with other machines , cedar is pretty brittle . The maple and oak went thru like butter . I would recommend the DeWalt to anyone looking for such a tool , great machine !
 I have owned both the DeWalt as well as the Delta machines that claim to reduce snipe and have found the DeWalt to be the superior machine . Snipe was totally eliminated with the Dewalt and the quality of cut was visibly superior to that produced by the Delta . In addition the feed rollers were more consistant in feeding stock with the Dewalt . Overall the slight price difference was negligible in comparison to the greater quality of the DeWalt
 I 'm a beginning woodworker , just putting together a shop and learning how all the tools work . I 've been really impressed with this planer . I have nothing to compare it against since I 've never used any other planer , but I have no complaints with the DeWalt.I just finished planing some cherry I 'm using to build a small cabinet . It 's amazing to see the ugly , rough lumber go in and the glassy smooth lumber come out.As long as the cutter head lock is down I 've seen no snipe at all . I found that I can skip the cutter head lock for the first few passes just to speed things up a bit , then start locking the head as I get close to finished thickness . I end up with gorgeous smooth boards with no marks or snipe at all.I do use a dust collector attached to the dust collection port and I 'd recommend that to anyone else using this tool .
 I was in the market for a planer and read numerous reports from different sites . I bought a hundred board foot of red oak rough cut and needed to get it planed cause i was sick of using my jointer to do a semi-satisfying job . I talked to a friend I work with and in general conversation I learned that he needed to have some boards jointed and i needed some planed . It turned out he had a Dewalt planer and offered to let me use it . I was looking to buy a floor model planer for the snipe problems of some portables . After using his Dewalt portable planer with the locking cutting head I was blown away with the minimal snipe there was on the ends of the boards . I ended up purchasing a Dewalt DW733 planer and have no complaints about the operation of the machine in any way .
 Our work demands setting up portable shops and the Dewalt thickness planer is and integral part of that set-up . I have had mine for three years and have run heavy lengths of oak through it many , many times . The two features I like best -LRB- besides the durability -RRB- are the knives which can be resharpened and the locking head mechanism . For me it is an issue when manufacturers sell planers with disposable knives . It means you are married to them for life in always having to replace them with their brand when a knot or wear dulls the edges . And the disposable knives are as expensive as Dewalts resharpenable knives . I do not recommend buying any planer that does not allow the motor -LRB- head -RRB- to be locked during planing . Dewalts locking head mechanism is easy and greatly reduces snipe and uneven planing . This is a great tool for the money .
 I was pleased with this product from the moment I unboxed it . Setup was quick and easy . I did have to make minor adjustments to the infeed and outfeed tables to get them level , which was no big deal . All together , it could n't have taken more than 15 minutes total before I was ready to roll . Setting the depth of cut is straightforward and accurate . The cutterhead lock mechanism is conveniently located and easy to engage/disengage . I was pleasantly suprised by the lack of snipe , which is an issue for all planers in this category . To virtually eliminate snipe , I keep wood constantly under both the infeed and the outfeed rollers . I do this by sending pieces through the planer in succession , while overlapping the pieces by 3 or 4 inches . This helps the cutterhead lock mechanism keep the blades steady while cutting . I 've heard that adjusting the infeed and outfeed tables about 1/64 of an inch higher than the planer bed can also help .
 I absolutely love this planer . It chews through everything I throw at it without hesitation . It has some great features that others simply lack
 This planer worked perfect right out of the box . I have planed hard and soft wood and am pleased with the quality of the finish.The dust collection hood is a little shakey and I would hate to pay the list price for it but I can live with it and may make my own if the mood strikes me . The 4 post lock is the hot setup . I got a snipe on the first piece I planed but that was my fault . The pieces I planed had been planed on my old planer and they were fuzzy . One pass ant the woood could was ready for a finish . I love it .
 This is an impressive little power tool . I have always bought finished wood from the local home improvement store or lumber yard . I was not aware of how much money you can actually save by buying rough lumber and planing it yourself.This tool was up and running in as little as ten minutes . It planed a 5/4x6 `` x8 ' piece of eastern maple in no time and planer did not flinch . Snipe was minimal , which was very exceptable . You have to expect it from any machine . For the price of machine though not bad . You pay for it in a lumber yard even though you do n't see it.Infeed and Outfeed tables are much heavier/thicker than on the Delta 55-580 and finish was pretty darn nice . Clean enough to go straight to 220 grit paper.Great little machine . You ca n't go wrong .
 That dust hood is a must . The material removal scale is a wonderful feature . That has saved me so many times from trying to hog off over 1/16 on oak ! When I first got it , it seemed like I had to adjust the infeed/outfeed for snipe every month . Now it is much less frequently . Those sharpenable blades are terrific , and I think they are thicker than the disposables on other machines . Preset depth stops are right on , and most times after a blade change I get it to match up . I currently am off by 1/64th , so if I want 3/4 , I have to plane it down to the stop , then move it and adjust 1/64th .
 It 's wortrh the time to make sure the infeed and outfeed tables are set up or else you 'll get snipe-although , I found , it was still minimal . Excellent machine !
 I am an intermediate woodworker , I tired of planing with hand tools only . I decided to buy a planer and researched in every magazine and all over the net about them . This one was as good as they come in all the articles and reviews . After recieving the planer I opened it up and put on the handle -LRB- all the assembly required for it -RRB- . I fired it up and ran through some oak . Amazing ! Smooth as silk , NO snipe whatsoever . I tried again , again perfect . I have only been using it a few days , but the fit and finish on this unit is excellent , and at the price with the rebate -LRB- and the extra knives and dust hood -RRB- this planer is an absolute steal . Every board I run through is perfect so far . I definitely can reccommend this unit with zeal .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- found it too simple as far as set up out of the box went.Just attach the Column handle ... That 's it ? First board some good old Walnut . Wow did not even need sanding afterwards . Smooth as a ... . well you know.This looks like an exceptional value for this tool . If you are even remotley considering a planer do not hesitate -LSB- ... -RSB- . Dale Kerr , Ottawa , Canada
 Works great so far but I nicked a blade while planing some old heart pine boards . Hope the blade change is simple but its nice they included the extra blades!Well I finally got back to changing the blades and they really thought through the design . All tools are included and there are very handy magnetic alignment tools that make it work perfectly every time.This tool is one of the best I own -LRB- and I own 20 or so bench and hand power tools -RRB- . Hoowah
 I BAUGHT THIS PLANER ABOUT ONE YEAR AGO . SO FAR IT HAS DONE A GREAT JOB WITH ONLY ONE EXCEPTION . WHEN I RUN PINE THROUGH IT THE CUTTING DEPTH GUAGE LEAVES A BAD MARK ON THE PEICE OF LUMBER . ANOTHER THING IS THE GUAGE IS NEVER RIGHT . OTHER THAN THAT ITS A PLANER THAT I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE WHO WANTS A PORTABLE PLANER .
 The DW733 is a great asset to my wood shop ... . no snip problems , required me to add a 20 amp circuit breaker because of the electrical load .
 This is a fantastic piece of equipment ! There are not enough O 's in SMOOOOOOOOOOOOOTH to describe the surface you get ...
 I have just completed planning 90 BFT of select cherry with my new planer . It was easy to setup and start . It did a very good job effortlessly and nicely . No grunting and stalling with this baby . I recommend this machine without any hesitation .
 good planer but needs a little push now and then with a heavy cut .
 I bought this planer on Thursday after a lot of research on line , i paid special attention to the reviews on Amazon.com . I seriously considered buying the Makita 2012nb because of the very positive reviews it got on Amazon . I decided to go with the Dewalt 733 because there is a Dewalt service centre close to my house . I considered portability , power , quality of construction and price . This planer is just about portable , any heavier and it would be a two man lift . This would have ruled it out for me as i work alone . It is heavy enough to remain stable on a bench top without wandering , all in all a nice power to weight ratio . As with all Dewalt tools/machinery the quality of construction seems excellent and with t.l.c it should outlive me . The cost was 559 Euro or 751 USD , you Americans do n't know how lucky you are paying as little as you do for tools . I got the dust hood , 4 inch to two and a half inch adaptor and a free set of knives . The dust hood and adaptor seem to come standard in Europe . The spare knives will be handy when i have to get the original set sharpened . I also had a look at the DW734 and unfortunately it 's unavailable in Ireland . The main difference between the 733 and the 734 seems to be that the 734 has three blades and they are disposable . I 'm not sure if disposable blades are a great idea for anything other than a hand held portable planer . I do n't own a shop-vac or a dust extractor so the dust hood will be redundant till i purchase one of these . I have not used this planer yet so i 'll be updating this review soon . I 'll give Dewalt the benefit of the doubt for now and give it five stars , i hope i wo n't have to drop a star or two when i update!I got to work with my new planer Today and set up was fairly easy except for levelling the infeed and outfeed tables with the planer bed . Anytime i buy a new tool i always read the instructions even though i 've been a carpenter for fifteen years there 's always something you might assume and assumption is a dangerous thing with woodworking machinery . The instructions were very clear and easily understood , the infeed and outfeed tables were in need of major adjustment . I spent an hour trying to level them with a four foot level spanning the bed and the two tables . It 's very hard to get your hand underneath the folding tables to adjust the bolt and tighten the locknut , so i popped the planer up on some scraps to give me some room . When i got the tables where i wanted them , i 'd flip up the tables and tighten the lock nut whilst trying not to move the bolt . Then fold the tables down again to find i was back where i had started . After an hour of chasing my tail i decided to leave the lock nuts finger tight . I think a second 10mm spanner should have been included for this procedure . I 'm seriously considering boring some holes through the tables directly over the bolt heads so they can be tightened against the lock nuts when the tables are down , or buying some thread locking compound . Dewalt should design an easier faster more user friendly system of levelling the tables . I ran some pine rails and stiles through the planer taking a 1/32 of an inch per pass , the finish was like glass . The material thickness scale was off by a 1/16 of an inch , if your planing anything wider that five inches you have to watch your fingers between the cutter head lock and the lid of the unit when you release it . Snipe was almost non-existent and i checked the stock for square and it was off by 1/64 of an inch . Ear protection is a must as with most power tools and machinery . All in all i 'm very pleased with the DW733 except for the table levelling system , i 'm afraid i 'm going to have to drop a star for that . Early days yet but i hope i get many years faithful service from this planer .
 This planer is a quality machine . The fit and finish is outstanding . The machine is heavy but this is an asset , it will stay put while being used . Dust hood works very well but could be designed to allow outfeed table to fold away . The finish of the cuts are outstanding and need very little if any sanding ! The machine just works great overall and I am very glad to have it . Thank you for the extra knives and dust hood .
 Could n't have asked for a nicer finish on the maple and other hardwoods I have run through it . Just do n't run painted boards through ; I knew better and did it anyway . Really dulls it up fast . Nice that they give you an extra set of blades and they are a snap to put on . Good machine !
 Purchased this Planer localy in Canada , at a significantly Higher price ... . Again much like the other reviewers , found it too simple as far as set up out of the box went.Just attach the Column handle ... That 's it ? First board some good old Walnut . Wow did not even need sanding afterwards . Smooth as a ... . well you know.This looks like an exceptional value for this tool . If you are even remotley considering a planer do not hesitate at this price.Dale Kerr , Ottawa , Canada
 This planer is everything Dewalt says it to be and more . It will take rough lumber and thin it down to your exact specifications and leave you with a wonderful piece of finished lumber . Great for making home made kitchen cabinets , furniture etc.DeWalt is the Best Tool Name of the Market and You can not beat there warrantee . Keep up the Good Work DeWalt
 My wife wondered why I wanted another tool and said '' just one more tool to sit in the garage and collect dust '' . After I planed down some oak that had been tossed away at work she has been giving me ideas on things to build around the house.This is one fine tool with an excellant rebate !
 The only thing I had to do to it was to level the in/out feed tables according to the manual . I also removed the silly sticker telling me about the saw dust . I tried the machine on some very dense 7 '' cherry and it had no problem taking 1/16 '' off and giving me a beatiful shiny flat surface . The locking bar is kind of clumsy to use but works nicely . The dust hood works great and I had it empty into a bag -LRB- my dust collector is on order -RRB- . The extra knives -LRB- and the fact that you can sharpen these knives -RRB- will save you some more money too . An excellent value with the rebate .
 Great planer . This is a great power tool . The planer worked great . No problem setting up . I had a snipe on one piece of lumber , but I think that was my fault . I ran some southern pine boards through it that was about 50 years old , and no problem . The finish on them was ready for final sanding .
 The planer is , as stated by other reviewers , ready to go , right out of the box . The only snipe I have had was on very long boards.The finished board is very smooth , much better than I anticipated . Fell free to email me concerning PROBLEMS I have had with my free dust hood and mail-in rebate coupon .
 My new DeWalt DW733 planer came today . I took it out of the box . Read the instruction manual . plugged it in and went to planing . What a fantastic machine ! It is solid in every way . It produced smooth ready to finish surfaces on both pine and oak right out of the box . No snipe at all . All the controls are up front and easy to reach and adjust . I 'm glad I bought it and look forward to many years of effortless woodwork . Thanks Amazon.com for another good experience in buying over the internet .
 This is the first planer I have ever owned OR used and I just love it . I immediately mounted two sheets of glued plywood to its bottom so that I could easily move it around and clamp it in place . I have planed material up to 3 '' thick and down to 1/4 '' thin . No problems what so ever . It is loud though , so I recommend ear protection . The dust collection tube works great , but my only complaint with it is that you have to screw it on . It can not easily be removed in order to fold up the out-tray . This makes moving the unit a bit more cumbersome .
 I honestly ca n't believe that anyone can find fault with this planer -LRB- ... -RRB- . My planer has been great . The only problem that I 've had with it is that I do n't get to use it as much as I 'd like . The knives are quality material . If you do n't believe me , just look at the two comparable Delta models . The infeed and outfeed tables are almost twice the size of the closest competitors , and the cutterhead lock is three times easier to use than Delta 's . The results have been consistent with pine , oak , cherry , and walnut . No complaints.I sell these planers at my second job . We also handle the Delta models . Hands down Dewalt outsells Delta 4 to 1 . And they do n't come back . I 'm not knocking Delta 's 12 '' planer -LRB- the older one -RRB- , it 's a great tool for the money , but their 12 1/2 '' model the 22-560 just is n't worth the money compared to the Dewalt . The features , performance , value , and customer service are all there . Thanks Dewalt for producing a quality piece of equipment .
 This is the first planer that i 've ever bought but , I have used many different brands , sizes , makes and models . I have read and read on all other planers out there . I must say that I am happy that I went with the DeWalt . The self explanitory controls on this planer make it simple to use . I expected the noise level on this machine to be alot louder than it is , the loudest it gets is when you try to take off the maximum amount per pass that it will take -LRB- although hearing protection is still a must -RRB- . Take your time , and shave off less per pass and the noise will go down as the blades will also last a little while longer . This is a great machine for any woodworker who needs a planer .
 I have no experience of using a thickness planer so this was a big step for me but so far the DW733 has proven to be easy to use and give good results . I am using Santa Maria and Nargusta -LRB- both hard woods -RRB- from Central America where I live and I am more than satisfied.Like a few of the other reviewers I have found the dust hood clogs up but so long as you remove only small amounts of material on each pass it works fine . A shop vac attached to the outlet may improve the situation .
 Smooth cut ... predicatble ... no snipe -LRB- dips -RRB- ... if that is what you want , this is the machine for you . I have friends that have other machines -LRB- Delta -RRB- ... when they use their planer , they would expect to discard the front and back 3-4 inches of board . I plane boards as short as 12 '' , and have no snipe ... just be sure to always ` lock ' the mechanism , and you will have great results too .
 Assembly : screw handle on with alan screw using provided alan wrenchplug inHave FunI 'm serious it 's that easy and for only -LSB- money -RSB- . I get a little obcessive about my tools and i called every customer service line about every protable 12 1/2 '' or greater thickness planer . -LRB- By the way , Dewalt got second place in the customer service rating -RRB- This machine is the best one -LSB- money -RSB- can buy . It can take 1/8 '' off a 5 1/2 '' wide board in one pass and make a glass smooth cut . IT WILL PLANE BOARDS DOWN TO AN 1/8 '' . This is very rare for most planers in it 's class.Having said that I have a couple recommendations :1 . Buy from Amazon , you can pay up to -LSB- money -RSB- elsewhere and not get the dust hood and extra knives2 . invest in ear protection , it 's a bit on the loud side .3 . I caution framing contractors of the weight of the machine -LRB- 85 lbs . -RRB- . It 's not the most portable machine out there but the cuts are like glass . If you routinely work with a partner then you 'll be fine since the sturdy metal handles on either side are more than adequete .4 . Do n't trust the depth stop turets . they can be off by almost 1/16 `` I just tried the dust hood an found it is not so great . I was planing wet wood and it clogged up the dust hood with more shavings than than one would think is possible to fit . Like other planers wet wood does n't produce a great finish .
 Recently went to a Woodshow in Charlotte , NC and tried out these Portable - Planers ; Dewalt , Delta , Makita . Very little difference on overall performance for these three.Delta ; two-speed Planer was not show ready but I spoke to a owner who liked it . Said the two speeds has no real difference in finish as advertised.Makita ; Liked the easy off dust hood ; While the light-weight and small extension tables might be a advantage to some , I like the heavier weight for stability in a small shop . The Rep told me about the motor being quiet but I could barely hear him over the dust collector . The planer did a nice job on all woods.Dewalt was hands down the best value $ $ $ -LRB- Show price special for one dealer -RRB- with dust hood , extra planer knifes , rebate , etc . The Dewalt Factory Reps were very helpful and allowed me to try all types of woods on it as did most of the other Manf . reps. I was also looking for a lightweight cordless drill ; the Dewalt offer included one free on the rebate.Bought the Dewalt and Out of the Box I first -LRB- perfectly -RRB- aligned the tables using the adjustment bolts and lock nuts . I use -LRB- and recommend -RRB- a dust collector and get great performance from this little planer on all types of wood with no snipe .
 It arrived fast . When I opened the box I was a little dismayed that the sides of the planer were plastic . The unit is decepively heavy from looking at it . I build a lot of projects for money and scrap hardwood is plentiful but needs some refining . I ran red oak 2 `` x6 `` x10 '' through this machine right out of the box . No snipe at all . Finish was a nice glossy smoothness that would not require sanding . I know ! New blades . I love this machine . The deal from Tool Crib North beats anything out there . I wanted the Dewalt 421K sander . Hope it comes soon . My other orbital bit the the dust after 1 year . I do n't think that any body will be disappointed with the DW733 . Xtra blades and tools handy right on the machine ; wrench , magnetic set-up gauges , and allen wrench . Gauges for stock removal are accurate . This were n't a Monday morning production line machine . I am impressed . First Dewalt tool I own . I use Powermatic saw , Rockwell drill press , and Porter Cable hand power tools . I would recommend buying this planer . Hear that Dewalt ? Good job .
 I have owned the $ 1000.00 shopsmith planer and tried out the Delta 560 portable also . For the $ $ the Dewalt is the most bang for the buck . Even though you have only one cutterhead speed and one F.P.M. feed rate the finish is outstanding . The thickness of the stock from right to left over a 10 '' piece of stock was right on the money . As far as the noise complained about in other reveiws the DeWalt is no louder than the other two I have owned and in fact seemed a bit quieter . Stock sticking is a common prroblem with all planers but a good coat of past wax on the tables will eliminate it altogether . The dust collector that comes with the machine now works very well ! No clogging and picked up 90 % of the shavings just using a shop vac . The expensive shopsmith would clog up using s shop vac and the Delta did n't even come with one . I sold the Shopsmith because of the out-of-line cost and took the Delta back because the blades chipped when they hit a knot in a piece of cedar . The DeWalt blades are much more substantial and went throught the same cedar with no problem . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have owned the DW733 approximately 3 months . I am very satisfied with the product with the following exception . I only plane new lumber -LRB- 95 % of this is pressure treated pine -RRB- . I plane only 1/32 of an inch with each pass -LRB- sometimes less -RRB- . The blades edges have lasted but I have a problem with nicks in the blades . I am on my second set of blades and have used them sparingly . But these , like the original , have a small nick in the middle of the blade . This not only is troublesome , but is expensive -LRB- $ 50 . a set -RRB- These nicks are too deep to sharpen out . Any ideas ? Thanks for the opportunity to respond to your product . John Sack
 You will be hard pressed to find a planer that will do a better job than this DW733 . Set up was a snap , maybe an hour to remove from the box and double check all adjustments . If you do the basics - keep knives sharp , in and out tables adjusted properly and provide support for long pieces - this machine will give you great results . Snipe is minimal to non-existant . The dust hood & my 650cfm dust collector eliminates 95 % of all chips .
 This is just a great planer . DeWalt did a great packaging job on this one , planer was wrapped in plastic and surrounded by plenty of styrofoam and no parts were missing . The only setup invloved was to install the crank handle with one screw . I checked the tables for flatness and was planing away in less than five minutes . This machine is very easy to use and produces a very good finish with minimal snipe . With the extra blades and dust hood included this planer is the best value on the market .
 I am a BIG fan of DeWalt tools I own just about every woodworking tool they make and this planer was no dissapointment . I had received my planer and had posponed the project for which I bought it . So in the mean time I lost the directions . After completering the set-up I ran the first peace of board though it and noticed a deep mark -LRB- snipe -RRB- at the end of the board . I was quite disspointed but then I noticed that I had not locked the cutting blades before I ran the board . After locking the blades and sending the board again there was no noticable snipe . I measured the boards coming out ... flat to within .0001 of an inch , you ca n't ask for any better out of a maching of its class or even a `` professional '' grade planer . I am very pleased and only wished DeWalt would make a 20 or 24 inch planer and a joiner . -LRB- Is someone from DeWalt reading this -RRB-
 I like this planer just fine . However I must admit that this is the only one I have ever used . I had a friend who had a maple tree fall in his yard . We went our and ripped about 40 , 12 '' x 30 '' x 3 '' blocks with our chain saws . -LRB- without a ripping chain -RRB- . The blocks were in terrible shape . I have run these through this planner and now have 40 pieces of 1 '' x12 `` x30 beautiful marbled maple . I had to run each piece through about 20 - 25 times to get all the chain saw marks out . So I would guess that is about 2500 board feet of nasty rock hard maple . NO PROBLEM . This thing is like a ginsui knife , I took one of the pieces and ran it through to see how fine I could finish it , a buddy of mine needed a custom size cutting board for his kitchen cabinet . I hardly need to sand it when I was done . The one problem I had was when I bought it the screw that holds the handle on was not long enough and I stripped the hole , but it stays on with gravity just fine . I Also would like two speeds , as with most of my reviews this is my fault for not spending the money .
 This is a great value . I have had my DW733 for 2 years and have cut 1 ' 000s of board-feet without a problem with a glass like finish every time.Very heavy but convienient hadles on top and bottom make it easy to carry . Well designed dust hood makes for superior dust collection . The depth adjustment is well designed and the lock makes for accurate cuts.Do not look any further .
 I also have a 16 '' Powermatic -LRB- old -RRB- my new Dewalt came adjusted perfectly . I have only used it to build furniture using only hardwoods , ie . walnut , cherry , maple and oak . I 've been very concious not to remove too much material at a time , and in turn have produced excellent results . The on board storage for the wrench and extra set of blades is a nice feature as well as the cord storage . The thickness gauge is a very usefull feature that keeps you from removing too much material at a time . I 'm very pleased with the planer and would recommend it to anyone .
 I have a portable sawmill and cut all my own cedar for making deck furniture , the DeWalt DW733 planer is a perfect fit for my small shop , and has turned out to be a great investment.I can produce a much nicer product with it than I ever could with store bought lumber.Thanks for a great toolThom Riley
 I 've owned my planer for a little over 2 years . My comments are as follows :1 . It produces an excellent surface .2 . It is prone to having material occasionaly stick on it 's way through the planer . This is generally the result of pitch build-up , especially when planing pine . The problem can be solved by waxing the infeed and outfeed tables and cleaning the rubber infeed and outfeed rollers .3 . It is EXTREMELY loud . It produces a very high-pitched and irritating scream . This can be mostly solved with hearing protection , but with even the best , you 'll know it 's running ! 4 . The knives stay sharp for a long time , but are prone to chipping . This leaves a raised line in the board , but since the chips are usually small , the lines are easy to sand out . Fortunately , the knives are easy to change .5 . A dust collector is necessary for best operation . If you operate without dust collection , chips will fall back on the rollers and leave dents in your wood . My shop vac could n't keep up . I finally bought a Jet DC 1100 and solved both problems .6 . The depth-of-cut gauge and turrent depth stops are very handy .7 . It is a heavy machine . Furthermore , the dust port prevents the outfeed table from folding . This is not a problem for me since I use it mounted on a stand . But , if I wanted a more portable unit , I might pass it by for the smaller Delta or Makita.Conclusion
 Ever since last July , when I started my home remodling job , I knew that the tools I purchased would be a major factor in cost and productivity . I 've pretty much stuck with DeWalt and I must say that I have not been disapointed . The DW733 planer is my most recent purchase and once again I 'm smiling . It works right out of the box cuts wood like butter and the price is right . There are better models out there , but not for my money .
 I bought this planer after shopping around , and reading other reviews . It works great . The only problem I had is the dust hood broke , I called Dewalt and they are sending a replacement .
 For your info , I am NOT a `` home improvement enthusiast '' , I am a professional carpenter . My planer did n't come with the rebate form , dust chute or extra knives . I contacted DeWalt and they told me they would send me the form . I recieved a note and a catalog but no form . When I called them I was unaware of the free chute and knives . I went to there web site -LRB- WWW.DeWalt.com -RRB- tonight and emailed them about the chute and knives , wait and see what happens . You can get the rebate form from the web site . The rebate offer expires Feb 28th , so if it is n't postmarked by then your out of luck . I am not too thrilled with some of DeWalts other stuff but this is a great machine.Excellent tool .
 Quality tool that delivers excellent performance . I have used it with cherry , oak and maple with no problem . Blades are easy to remove and install . Very little tearing and almost no snipe when locked . The tool has a carry handle but is too heavy to easily move . I recommend mounting the planer on a mobile support cart . Excellent planer .
 After reading the reviews of the varied problems I must admit that I held my breath when my machine arrived . I assembled it as advised by attaching the handle , plugged it in and proceeded the first night to plane more than 55 board feet of rough sawn red oak . I had to make no adjustments . The boards went through like a knife in warm butter . I 've used it several times since and ca n't wait to have another job for it.SNIPE ? NONE , leave the boards alone until the cutters have done their job.DUST ? I plane a small amount at a time as I was taught in my woodworking class and my shop vac works great . At no time has the dust collector clogged . I have filled the shop vac at least 8-10 times so far.THICKNESS INDICATOR
 Before chossing the Dewalt 733 I checked out the Rigid , Delta , and Makita planers . I 'll admit I bought the Dewalt on reputation since all of the brands made similar claims in performance . So far , no regrets . I gave this tool a 4 star rating only because I have not used it enough to state its long term performance .1 . The infeed/outfeed tables are of adequate length . I recently planed 4x4 posts with little problem . As with all planers , you must be careful at the ends to avoid snipe .2 . Although pine is of little challenge , I was very satisfied with the feed rate , and finish the planer produced .3 . The dust chute could use some improvement but no real problems to speak of . After a couple of runs I check the chute for clogging but usually not an issue with relatively dry wood4 . This planer is heavy ; A benefit when your using it but a hindrance when transporting it . I do n't travel with this tool much so I 'll call the weight an advantage -LRB- for the sake of vibration dampening -RRB- Overall , I am very satisfied with this product . Once again Dewalt has met/exceeded my expectations . I highly recommend this product .
 I took note of an earlier reviewer who had a problem with rust on the posts . I have a problem with rust spots on the exit tray . The exit tray is chrome plated and DeWalt 's quality control was poor in this case . The chrome has break-through rust spots all over the surface . This unit has been treated well . It gets cleaned up daily . Since the rust spots appeared I now coat the exit tray with WD-40 but I feel that this should not be necessary . Break-through rust spots are a result of poor quality control when the plating was applied . Operationally the machine performs well .
 In a word ; `` sweet '' . This planer is a solid performer , and the price now makes it a good value to boot . -LRB- Not to mention the extra blade set . -RRB- Set up is very simple , as are adjustments . The self-feed capability nearly makes it automatic -LRB- though you might want a second set of hands for long stock -RRB- . Heavy , at about 60 pounds , you 'll still to bolt it down for stability . Dust collection works very well , attach your shop vac to the chute -LRB- you 'll need an adaptor -RRB- and your ready to mill wood.My experience so far is good , the finish on milled stock is even and very clean . Obviously knots present a challenge , but I think the feed rate is slow enough to deal with them.At this point , I ca n't find much to complain about .
 I 've run about 600 bf of hard maple through my DW733 and do n't have any major complaints . The folks who are griping about the thickness scale or the depth of cut indicator being off obviously have n't done much woodworking -- I do n't know a woodworker worth his or her salt who actually trusts a linear tape readout scale set at the factory on tools as -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- is this planer . Tools always require some initial adjustment.What I would be more concerned about is a DIFFERENCE in thickness from one side to the other . Mine 's within about 0.005 '' -LRB- even after the first knife change -RRB- , so I ca n't complain too much there.I do n't like the noise , but it 's pretty typical of a high-torque universal motor -LRB- larger planers have induction motors , which are quieter but take up a lot more room for the same torque -RRB- . Dust collection is adequate . Knife changes are a snap using the gage blocks provided . It 's heavy , but in my woodworker 's mind that 's a plus for a cutting tool .
 Great Planer - One recommendation , If you do not own a dust collection system , do not install the `` free '' dust hood . It simply clogs the system down and gets in the way when trying to store the unit .
 I have to say I 'm very pleased with the purchase of this planer . Others have complained about issues such as the depth of cut indicator being off , the depth stops not being accurate , etc. . I have to say that these are almost to be expected on a machine this size . The remedy is to get an inexpensive pair of calipers and measure the wood each time it runs through.These minor inconveniences aside , the planer really does perform as expected . It leaves a beautiful finish that needs minimal sanding to get the wood stainable . On cold days , you might have to help the wood through the machine , but worse things have happened.Overall , I 'm very pleased . For the money I spent , I feel that I got an outstanding value .
 Received as a birthday gift from my wife last December . She ordered from Amazon when they had $ 50 rebate , free shipping , extra set of knife and dust hood , the whole nine yard deal . It was delivered to my work place as a surprise . I can feel the jealousy from my co-workers immediately . As a weekend woodworking hobbist , I have used it for a few projects in the past five months . Hope following findings would help you in making decision of buying this wonderful , well built tool .1 . Everything came in one box just like you can get from your local tool store . It was about 70 lbs , but the box is in very good shape . Extra knife set , dust hood , extra belt and $ 50 rebate coupon as promised . Rebate came in a couple of weeks later . Thanks Amazon/ToolCrib , keep up the good work .2 . The finish , marking , labels and scale are excellent . Everything is just as you would expect from a DeWalt tool . All the tools are secured on the top of cutter head so they wo n't get misplaced . Installed crank handle , dust hood in 10 minutes . I happen to have a 4 '' hose on my Jet dust collector , otherwise you would need a adapter . It would be alot of mess when using without the dust hood hooked up . Highly recommended .3 . Run through a few boards at different thickness . The accuracy is dead on cross the table . The cutter head holds in the place pretty well without pressing down the lock bar . It is pretty loud , just usual for such type of power tool . Ear protection is a must .4 . Expected snipes on both infeed and outfeed tables . But No adjustments to infeed or outfeed tables were necessary as apparently DeWalt sets up and runs every planer prior to shipping . Snipe is minimum on both ends .5 . Cuts wood like butter and makes very smooth surface . I do n't want to use `` finish '' because it is not intended to be a finishing tool . After went through it , you can go directly to the finish sanding . I tried it with oak , walnut , cherry , wenge and even ebony , the performance is consistent .6 . The planer is heavy to be moved around , but it has holes in the base that you could bolt it to a mobile stand or bench top .
 I just rec 'd my Dewalt Planer yesterday -- seems to be excellent . However , upon reading the set-up instructions , it says in Capital letters
 The dust hood -LRB- buy it -RRB- prevents the outfeed table from folding but this is a minor inconvenience . The surfaces I got after planing about 700 bdft of mixed cedar and black walnut were still smooth , though the chips indicated it was time to sharpen the blades . The claim is that your boards will be snipe-free , but this is n't totally true . I encountered snipe on a fair number of boards , though I will admit it is far less than I have gotten with other -LRB- and sometimes bigger , more expensive -RRB- planers . I have a dedicated 20a circuit I plug this into when I 'm planing and it trips it half the time , leading me to think , at least , that as the motor wraps up it exceeds the 15a rating considerably . Once running , it stays that way all day . No problems with clogging though I will second the issue of keeping the rollers clean -LRB- done with the machine unplugged -RRB- . Seems not to want to grab oak over others . Do n't know if that 's a testament to the smoothness of the cut or not agressive enough rollers .
 Having read some of the reviews here , I think that some people expect to much out of a relatively inexpensive and portable machine . It 's hardly fair to compare this planer to machines that cost and weigh 3x + as much . Virtually no planer is free of snipe and certainly no planer is perfect . Simply for storage reasons I do wish the outfeed table was foldable with the dust hood on , but it 's a shortcoming I can live with . It is quite loud , but then so is my shop-vac . Hearing protection is pretty much mandatory in a shop environment anyway . A dedicated 15A circuit is probably a good idea as well as I tripped many breakers trying to share the circuit with my shop-vac before finally running them on seperate circuits.That being said , I 've owned mine for 2 years and put it through hell with good results . I pulled up about 800 sq ft of 50 year old oak flooring and ran it through the planer . There were a few occasions when the boards would get stuck , but a little push would send them on their way again . As expected , making more smaller cuts gives better results than taking fewer big cuts . I dulled both sets of knives on this project and have since had them re-sharpened . A shop-vac alone is not sufficient as any filter will some become clogged . I purchased a garbage can and one of those `` hats '' with the 4 '' in/out holes to put between the planer my 6hp shop-vac . It effectively -LRB- and cheaply -RRB- collects about 80-85 % of the chips.This has been one of my best tool purchases to date and I would not hesitate to recommend this planer to any home enthusiast .
 I 've used DeWalt planers for a number of years and finally purchased one about a month ago . I also own a Ryobi 10 '' planer that has refuses to quit -LRB- I keep it for small jobs off-site -RRB- . I find the DeWalt planer with the extra 2-1/2 '' width just as pleasing . The unit was delivered within 4 days of placing the order and setup was a breeze . I had difficulty finding the $ 50 rebate certificate as it was `` hiding in plain site '' on the outer side of the shipping box ! No adjustments to infeed or outfeed tables were necessary as apparently DeWalt sets up and runs every planer prior to shipping . So far I 've noticed almost no end snipe at all and ca n't get over the smoothness of the cut with each pass through the unit . Two recommendations that I 'd make about this unit
 Bottom Line
 Have used this planer for a year now , both in the shop and at the job site . It is the best on the market for this size . There is NO snipe , planing is fast and smooth . Drawbacks are , IF you use the dust hood , it will clog , AND carbide blades are not available for it . Best buy for your money .
 After reviewing the Delta and Dewalt Portable Planners , I purchased the Dewalt . It is an excellent machine . I unpackaged it and immediately started planing some Maple boards . The planner performed flawlessly with no snipe and produced boards that are ready for finish . As recommended by several people , I purchased the dust hood to prevent the chips from reentering the machine and effecting the finished product . My only complaint is , the dust hood prevents the outfeed table from being folded up for storage , and attaching and removing it with screws every time will get to be a pain . Overall , the machine is excellent and worth the couple of extra dollars more than the Delta machine .
 About January 2001 I ordered this planer from ... It arrived and I looked forward to trying it out . I ran a 6 ' piece of pine shelving through it , and was surprised to see more than 1/16 '' thickness difference across the planed surface!I called Dewalt
 I have used this planer for about a year now . It has performed outstandingly . I have also changed the blades and with the tool kit they provide it was very simple to do . I rarely see any snipe from the tool and the surface of the planed wood is satin smooth . The only complaint I have is that the dust hood is a little cumbersome to attach or remove due to one screw that is difficult to get to . I 'm also glad to see the price dropping as I thought it was over priced when I bought it and compared to other vendors products that seem just as good .
 Basically this is a good tool for the price , with a couple of minor caveats.My biggest complaint is that I just changed the knives for the first time and now the thickness is off a little from one side to the other.Changing the knives was easy -- taking no more than twenty minutes . However , whereas with the original knives installed by the factory the thickness sloped no more than 0.005 '' across the full width , it now slopes more like 0.015 '' -LRB- measured with a good-quality Starrett dial caliper -RRB- , which tells me that the knife-setting gage blocks are off a little.The new knives leave a great surface finish , which tells me they 're set on the same diameter , but the thickness variation is unacceptable ... Also , the polished chrome plate that covers the milled aluminum bed works O.K. but because it 's designed to float on top of the bed it got a wood chip underneath it and was making burnished grooves in my wood.I ended up having to remove the plate to get the chip out and flatten the dimple . Unfortunately , the four screws holding down the plate were extremely soft with oversized Phillips heads on them , and they all stripped as I tried to remove them . I eventually had to pull out the Vise Grips to get them out and then replace them with good-quality Grade 8 M6 socket head cap screws . Problem solved ...
 I must say I am pretty pleased with my DeWalt planer . Although it is not TOTALLY snipe free , it does do a more than adequate job . It is easy to set-up and use right oout of the box . Knife changes and re-setting are a snap with all required tools stored right on the planer . As with all palners , this tool will quickly fill your floor with shavings . However , if used with the optional dust collection port either with a dust-collection system or a Shop-vac there is very little debris . I mounted mine on a universal steel stand with locking casters . Moving it in and out of the way as needed . Be sure to use hearing protection as things can get pretty noisy .
 I have had this planer for a little over a year and it has worked perfect . I like the fact that I can sharpen the blades myself ... I was going to buy a competitors model until I looked at both of them together . It seemed that the Dewalt was better built . The only trouble I have had is it did not like the 10 ' 4X6 beams I was trying to plane . I had to help them through a few times . But my guess would be that none of the portable planers were made for wood this size . As with any planer you better have a dust collector . I tryed using a powerful shop vac and it did not have enough air flow . I have a dust collector but just wanted to know if a shop vac would work .
 Has normal snipe with dull blades . Have ran 35 boards with out shutting it down , it ran flawlesly . after 10 - 15 boards lubricate the base plate so the boards do n't stick . Watch fingers when unlocking lock bar at 5in . I really enjoy this planer and highly recomend it . I find it a great value . I use this everyday in my contracting business .
 This planer rocks my world!Knives were razor sharp and perfectly set at the factory.Planer some 3/4 '' red oak down to 1/4 '' straight out of the box , and was such a smooth cut I could not believe it!Autofeed worked excellent as far as rate of feed.Plenty of adjustments and scales throughout this tool.Still can not believe how nice a cut for the money , and it came with a free dust port accessory and a extra set of razor sharp \ knives -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Is very compact so it fits perfect with my limited space my wife gives me . : -RRB- Definatly can not wait to get some more hardwood and get to town.Read other reviews that were n't so good so was sceptical about the purchase . Those other reviewer 's must have dropped the planer off the back of their truck on the way home , because I amamazed at the cut quality , weight and portability , and precision engineeered into this sturdy little planer !
 I purchased mine a little over 6 months ago , I have run just about every thing thriough it . I make jewelry boxes and doll furniture when time permits and often run very small peices through it with very good results and a nice smooth finish . I used it for some 5X6X9 pine posts for a porch with an extended outfeed setup with excellent results . I ran about 100 ' of very rought cut 1X8 ash through it for a floor my brother-inlaw was installing and had to change blades once , it took longer than a bigger planer with more horespower would do it but the results were excellent . I ran quite a bit of pressure treated 1X6X12 and the blades got pretty nicked up . It 's given very good results on maple , walnut , cherry , pine , and ash , with curly versions of each sometimes . I got tired of sharpening the blades by hand with all of the hard wood i feed it so I purchesed a Makita sharpening machine and now i get very sharp blades with perfectly straight edges in minutes . This machine is very tough and easy to set up and use , I am very happy that I got the dust hood with it as it makes piles of chips in a hurry . I would definatly buy another one as it works better than advertised with only occasional snipe which is usually my fault anyways .
 After trying to decide between the Delta 2-speed planer and this DeWalt planer , I chose the DeWalt . It 's starting price is significantly less than the Delta . But when you factor in the included dust hood , extra set of knives , and the free tool rebate , the deal becomes too sweet to pass up . I did n't need any of the tools included with the rebate , so when I got mine , I immediately sold it on eBay , effectively reducing the price of this excellent planer even further!The planer 's performance is excellent , as is the dust collection when using the dust hood . I do n't have a central dust collection system , but I find that my little 3.5 HP shop vac has no problems keeping up . And I 've had no problems with clogging , as some folks have mentioned.One point regarding the dust hood
 This has been one of the best tools ever purchased . You can use this straight from the box , there is nothing to assemble . I read the instructions and then spent the afternoon planing wood . It does a great job , and there were no snipe marks on the wood.I would definately recommend this item . The only problem I had was that the $ 50.00 rebate coupon was not in the box . I had to write and call to get one in the mail . That was not something I wanted to deal with .
 I have not used this machine extensively and this is also my first planer so I have no frame of reference for comparison . That being said , I have owned mine for about four months and I love the little guy . It is easy to use , easy to set-up , and in my opinion gives great results . I read all the reviews I could for different model planers and finally decided on this one . Mostly this was based on price vs features . It came down to this and two others but I had heard complaints about many of the Deltas and thought the Makita was a little pricey . -LRB- Delta had not come out with their new two-speed yet , though I would still choose this one -RRB- I bought mine before the $ ... rebate so now I think it is really a bargain . I like the locking head , sharpenable blades , and depth of cut indicator in particular . The machine will bog down if you try to take too much off in one pass , but I think any planer would do this also . It seems to have plenty of power if you take reasonable bites . It is loud and it does make A LOT of sawdust -LRB- as do others I 'm sure -RRB- . Also this planer is very compact and not too heavy to be moved around . All in all I was very pleased with this product and with Tool Crib service . I only gave it four stars instead of five because I could have bought it for 50 bucks less if I had waited .
 The DeWalt 733 is just what I wanted and works fine . The only thing that went wrong was the shipping . I have read several reviews on a number of products and it seems there is a trend with poor shipping . Even though I got the replacement parts , I just do n't like going through the hassel . When I receive a product , I want to start using it !
 I have owned my dewalt planer a short time but do to my own stupidity I put a board in a little off center and found it pressing against something . I pushed against the board and smoke began coming out of the machine i turned it off and found that it was rubbing against the drive belt.I think they should have designed it so it was not so close to the material being planed.Otherwise it has run very smooth and free from snipe .
 Hello Everyone , I purchased the Dewalt DW733 planer after doing a LOT of research on other units in the same `` Portable Planer '' category . I also asked around the wood working forum that I subscribe too and , the overwhelming response was that the Dewalt unit was the way to fly . I finally broke down and coughed up the cash for the unit hoping I would n't be disappointed in its performance . Well , let me tell ya folks , I WAS N'T !!!!!!! My first test piece of lumber was a rough cut 2x4 , it came out so smooth that I could hardly believe it was the same piece of wood.After several more passes through the planer , I had a piece of wood that looked BETTER than some of the stock you can purchase in those high priced lumber yards . No kidding folks , there was NO SNIPE whatsoever !!! It blew me away how I could transform something that most folks would consider fire wood , into something that you would make fine furniture from . I wished I had purchased this unit a LONG TIME ago !! I 've now had a chance to run some Oak , Popular , Cedar and redwood though the unit and , all turned out perfect . Oh , and on my most recent project , I used the planer to remove 1/64th '' from an old cutting board bringing it back to like new condition.So , if you 've been holding out on purchasing a planer , hold out no longer ! You wo n't be disappointed with the Dewalt DW733 !!! Ciao !!
 I 've owned the Dewalt planer for about 1 year . Although it is not totally snipe free , it rarely snipes . It is easily adjusted , accurate and reliable . I am also amazed how long the blades stay sharp . I 've been doing a lot of work with Hickory lately and I was expecting it to be difficult to plane . The Dewalt planer just takes it in stride .
 Dewalt definately has a winner here . I have used the makita and the delta models . After some additional research i chose the dewalt . What makes this tool stand above the rest ? The extra large infeed/outfeed does make a noticable difference in reducing snipe . Pair that with the cutterhead lock -LRB- which is also more convenient to use than other models -RRB- and snipe is very seldom a problem.The resharpenable blades are great . Very heavy and solid . The fact that they werent `` disposable '' blades like the competion was very important to me . Throw in an extra set you are covered . Blade change took me about 15 minutes my first time . Now that I know how the system works , i do n't see it taking more than 5-10 minutes total.The dust hood works well . I am currently using a 5 HP shop vac with the 4 '' to 2-1/2 adapter -LRB- supplied by dewalt -RRB- . I havent had it clog up yet . I do look forward to adding a full size dust collector just for the capacity.The machine was ready to go out of the box . I checked both sides of a planed board and it was within .01 according to my caliper.power is completely sufficient . my first task for this planer was to mill some native oak out of my barn . This stuff was hard and dense ! Full 2 '' X 8 '' boards . I took 1/16 '' and 1/32 '' passes and it didnt have any trouble at all.All in all , this is a great machine ! I cant think of a feature it is missing or lacking to the competition .
 I have had my planer for about one year , in that time I have planed aproximatly 200 board feet of oak . I had a problem with the planer using brushes , so I took it to the service center for repair . The armeature had a problem so DeWalt replaced the planner . I am happy with the customer service I have recieved from DeWalt . The planer does a beautiful job on all the killn dried hardwood I have put through it . I have had considerable problems planning oak that I air dried myself , I strongly suspect the air dried wood is the problem not the planer . The infeed and out feed tables are a little difficalt to adjust level and have large deflection when plaining large heavy stock . The blades are sort of a pain to change but some what easy to get parrallel due to the alignment guages that come with the planer . The dust hood is a must , I have filled my dust collector numerous time whith shavings . If you do not have a dust collector to go with the planer you may want to consider one . The cutter head lock does reduce snipe , but well supported stock will reduce snipe more than any thing else . I have my planer pluged into a 20A circuit which I think helps dramaticly with performance . I have also had better results taking shallow cuts -LRB- 1/32 in -RRB- instead of deeper cuts . Over all I am happy with the planer and would purchase it again .
 Pros : -- Beautiful results ! -- Highly repeatable and consistent cuts . -- No snipe except on very long pieces that are not correctly supported off the outfeed table . -- Great ergonomics -- Tables are easy to adjustCons : -- One area of the infeed rollers about 1/3 of the way from the left end of the planer does n't feed well , particularly for removing more than 1/64 '' of material in a pass.Overall this machine is incredible , especially for $ 300 shipped -LRB- counting the DeWalt $ 50 cash coupon that just recently expired -RRB- . It has already helped me produce some excellent pieces of furniture in red oak and I look forward to many , many years of reliable , high-quality service from it !
 I did some extensive research before I bought another portable planer as I already have an older model of the Delta 12 '' . Blades for that old model could be sharpened about twice on each side and then thrown away . DW helped the blade situation with blades that actually can be sharpened more than Twice ! I guess the reason the blades and the quality of such is important to me is I live in a pretty remote part of Virgina and if I send my blades out to be shapened , they come back `` burned '' and `` ground '' not sharpened!I found the DW in good condition and ready to go out of the box . The project I 'm doing right now is with yellow birch , which is almost as hard as hard maple . I ran a piece 4 or 5 inches wide through it and was pleased with the results . The surface was smooth as glass ! However , after the blades have some use on them , the noise level is pretty much unbearable . I have mine hooked up to a dust/chip collector and I would think that would muffle some of the noise . Right now I 'm too busy to change out the blades to see if that will quiet it down some.I love the cutter head lock ... alway had a problem with snip before . It will still give you some snip if you 're planing a very hard and or wide board but just run it through again at the same depth and it will all but iliminate the snipe . Another tip for the snip problem is run the board through without the lock on and allow for one more pass at a quarter of a turn before the desired thickness . Then turn the head down tthe final setting and put the lock on . I try to make sure my last pass is only a quarter turn and the results are great . Another thing I 've found with the lock is even if you 're not concerned with the snip at the end of the board , is that after you get a board to the desired thickness , when you put the lock on , it will plane off about .003 in . of wood . I know this all sounds very technical but it 's just another way to achieve a smooth final finish.I think the only reason I did n't rate it five stars is the noise level of it . Other than that , I would n't hesitate buying another if the need arrises .
 From some of the reviews I 've read here , I 'm glad to report I am one of the lucky ones.I set it up Saturday morning and starting making sawdust in large quatities right away . I have a digital caliper so I checked the dimensions of the hard maple I was planing . I must report this baby was well within spec . Snipe was non existent on the 4 foot long 2 inch thick and 6 inch wide pieces I was sending through . I was within > .01 inch on all for corners and the surface was as smooth as a you-know-whos behind . I must note that if I started to push 1/8 '' I would see little scattered divits thousandths of an inch deep . The manual recommended 3/32 '' for hard maple so I just wanted to see what would happen if I pushed the envelope . I have no problem with sticking with their recommendations.As for claims that the dust shoot plugs up , I had no problems . Hooked up to my 850cfm Penstate DB1XL , it ran clean as a whistle . I can only speculate the folks that have issues with plugged tubes must be running shop vacs . There I could see the possibility of a bottleneck if you use the 4 to 2 inch adapter . Not to sound too snide but , what did you expect ? I 'm planning on running a 2nd stage garbage can adapter inline to keep the bigger chunks out of my impeller . I was warned that too much buildup might throw it out of balance . So far though , I 've filled the bottom bag once already with no bad vibes.I had no power issues , whatsoever . I have two 115V 20 amp circuits in my garage running on 12-3 cable . Additionally the DB1XL and the table saw run together on a third 230V 20 amp circuit . Some reviewers said they popped dedicated 20 amp circuits . In my shop anyway , the lights do n't dim and no breakers trip . You should see my meter spin though!As for other choices , I seriously considered the 13 '' Delta but I had to be realistic . I 'm a weekend woodworker . The 130 bucks I saved is going towards more clamps . I never can have enough of those.If you 've never bought from Amazon.com or are waffling on sending this machine to your shopping cart . Click away . You 'll be glad you did .
 After using several of the other planers in this price range , I am very happy with the proformance of the Dewalt . The locking head almost eliminates snipe on all but the longest boards . The preset depth stops are very handy when sizing lumber in the middle of a project , you are assured of constant thicknesses . All in all , the slighty higher price tag is indictitive of a higher quality , more user friendly machine .
 I orderd the planer on Dec6 -LRB- late that night -RRB- , The planer arrived on Dec 12 . The UPS guy left the planer on my porch ! I was mad about this -LRB- I check the tracking on it and was not to arrive until the 13th -RRB- , but thank god my wife soon arrived and had quite a time getting the 88lb box into the house . I arrived later that day and proceeded to open my Great Toy . It was all I expected it to be . Solid , not a ding or dent anywhere , and Yes the rebate slip was attached to the box and all papers where included -LRB- including the extra set of knives and dust hood -RRB- . Amazon is great ! , I ordered a Delta saw from them about a year ago and had no problems with them . I proceeded to attach the depth crank handle to the top of the planer -LRB- one large screw -RRB- . I then attached the dust hood with three small screws . I was done setting up the planer , It could n't be that easy , but it was!I had a friend help me lift the planer and carried it to the workshop . I plugged it in and WOW ! I took an old piece of Oak I had laying around the shop and started it up , GREAT ! What a great planer . I am going to use this alot in the shop , the wife is already counting on getting a couple of fine jewelry boxes and whatever else she can think of ... the only thing I need now is a way to direct the shavings of the planer downward into a large container ... as I do not have a dust collection system . All in All this is a great buy , do n't listen to the bad reviews about this planer , I must admit it had me worried too ! , The planer was tested before it left Dewalt and I can not find fault with anything on it .
 I have just purchased the ` Long Ranger ' remote control unit for my dust controller . I have a 1 1/2 HP dust controller , and it is connected by 4 '' tubes to all of my main power tools throughout my 41 ' long shop . I found it impossible to always remember to walk to one corner of the shop to turn on the dust collector each time before I turned on power tools . If the dust collector was on , I just let it run instead of walking back and forth to turn it off and on each time . The ` Long Ranger , with a blast gate at each machine , allows me to turn on the dust collector just before I turn on the machine I am using , with all 1200cfm of the dust collector drawing from that machine . When I am done creating dust , I immediately turn off the dust collector with the controller on my belt . The local lumber company employees are all talking about it . I expect you to sell a lot more of these .
 Works great and shows a high degree of quality workmanship in the fit and finish . Delta once again has shown that they build quality tools . If a portable thickness planer is on your wish list , you wo n't go wrong with this one .
 the first day , I saw a dw110 electric drill looked a nice yellow color . I did not want it because I might lose it to the swap of social wasps or bees , the reason they think it as `` yellow '' pollen flower . that was why I had a bad experince in attack with swap of Social wasps emerging out of the ground while I worked in back yard for property owner . I changed my mind and bought it and a can of wasp killer at same time . surprisely , I never been bothered by them since I used it at my work . I was hauled away to Prison for more than five years while my drill was in newly condition . my brother kept it for me until I was released . when he gave it back to me and I saw my drill 's cord was aged cracks . I might think it would be `` no longer avaliable part . '' I check it out in Dewalt internet and found it was still avaliable parts . I am impressed with Dewalt products care for us and helpful . my drill runs great ! now I have two Dewalt sander and planer ! I am happy with them as `` yellow pollen '' !
 My Grizzly arrived on time , and had a couple of holes in the boxes . No damage was found when I unpacked them . The instructions were clear and precise . The saw did not need any adjustments at all . The blade was perfectly parallel to the miter slot . The Shop Fox fence was within .001 of parallel after installation . -LRB- lead out -RRB- The belt came in kinked from packaging , yet I can still set a nickel on edge while it is running . This saw is so smooth to operate it is really unbelievable for what I paid for it . The Grizzly raised letter insert looks great , but , will need to be replaced as soon as I can , as it will allow certain lumber to catch on the letters and can not be adjusted to be flush with the table top on all sides . I adjusted the insert to be flush at the 4 set screws provided , yet the insert is warped somewhat . My next purchase will be a Zero Tolerance insert for it . The bottom line is , I do not beleive there is a contractors saw on the market that could begin to touch the Grizzly G0444Z for the price ! This saw is nothing but High Quality and will make any shop a great saw to have . I will shop Grizzly first on all my future woodworking needs . The only thing that I would see as a detrement to this saw is the right tilt arbor . I would love to see this same unit in a left tilt arbor , or a conversion kit made available . ...
 I have been an amatuer woodworker for a number of years , however I always found that my work was limited in quality due to various problems with my old table saw -LRB- Old Sears contractor type -RRB- . After much research , I settled on the Grizzly G0444Z Contractor style saw . This is a right tilt saw -LRB- Grizzly has added a Left-tilt of the same model - G0576 -RRB- with cast iron wings and comes wired for 220V . I preferred the cast iron wings for the weight and solid structure that they provide , and the 220V motor has more power for heavier cutting.I picked up my saw at the receiving shipper in my area , since they only drop ship to the end of your driveway -LRB- Take Note - This saw weighs 300LBs and is VERY hard to lift , even in pieces -RRB- - the shipper loaded it into my truck for me , which saved me a ton of work . Assembly was a snap , and the saw was in almost perfect alignment right out of the box . After about an hour of assembly -LRB- with my sons help -RRB- I ran test cuts with a Forrest 60 tooth blade , and found them to be virtually perfect.The Shop-Fox Aluma Classic fence is probably the easiest fence that I have ever used , and I would HIGHLY recommend it . I liked it so much that I talked a buddy into retrofitting his older saw with it , and he loves it too.The only problems that I have noted with this saw are as follows : - The Grizzly logo blade insert looks great , but can catch on some smaller pieces - The Zero Clearance inserts that Grizzly sells are very good . - The drive belt cover clearance can become a problem if the blade is lifted to full extension . Check the alignment of the cover when you install it , very carefully . - The dust collection cover is really an add-on , and I needed to add some additional fasteners to ensure that it did n't move around . - The Miter gauge that comes with the saw is OK , however to get truly accurate miter cuts , I would highly recommend you replace it with the Incra V27 - a VERY good , VERY accurate , and VERY reasonably priced Miter Gauge.Overall , this saw is absolutely THE best-buy on the market -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- for a Contractor Style saw . I would HIGHLY recommend this saw to anyone who is looking to upgrade their shop with a truly accurate table saw . The fit and finish of this saw is excellent , and the cast-iron wing extensions are GREAT . I have had great service from their web-site , and I intend to purchase additional equipment from them -LRB- as soon as I can convince my wife to let me -RRB-
 I know this page is covered with glowing reviews for the grizzly go444z , but I am compelled to ad one more . For the money this saw can not be beaten . Up until now I have been using a friends Jet cabinet saw and loving it . I did n't want to invest 1200 + in a cabinet saw so I started to look into contractor style saws , I read the reviews and bought a Griz . The box arrived quickly . It is heavy but not as big as I expected it to be . The fence arrived at the same time in another box.The saw went together in about three + hours . The instruction book is easy , clear and well illustrated . I am impressed by the surfaces of the table and wings . Everything went together well . One wing needed a tape shim and the other was perfect . The trunion needed a couple of hits to be in adjustment . I managed to do this with the saw on its feet . I think I got lucky.When I am cutting I cant really tell the difference with the Jet other than a small vibration . We tracked this down to the motor mount . the motor hangs on the belt by the pulley , yet the center of gravity of the motor is way out on the other end . Add to this a relatively thin stamping that the motor sits on and you have a resonance issue . I was worried about this when I first ran the saw but now that I have run through a couple of projects I do n't notice anything and it certainly does n't effect the quality of cut.I ran some .75 mdf through and the blade -LRB- forest WW2 -RRB- did n't even notice . No change of sound from the motor , nothing , just a super clean cut . The Shop Fox fence feels and works just like the bessemer on the Jet . The on/off is better on the Griz.After cutting is when I notice the difference with the Jet . Look around the back of the saw and check out the sawdust thrown all over the place . Since I do n't tilt the blade often I will just make a cardboard block for the back.I am really very pleased with this machine . It is way better quality and value than the cost shows . If you buy one you might as well order a zero clearance insert as the one included is n't worth using if you are cutting on small stock .
 My father-in-law has a Grizzly cabinet saw and loves it . He recommended that I start with the G0444Z since I 'm new to woodworking . Overall , I like the saw . It is very sturdy and has tons of power . My only complaint is the trunion adjustment process to make the blade parallel to the miter slot ... it is a pain in the butt . My saw was quite mis-aligned when it arrived at my house ... no doubt due to the rough handling by the shippers . I had to use a pry bar to move the trunions into alignment , but could only do this after flipping the assembled table upside down . This is not an easy task since the saw weighs something around 300 pounds . After several exhausting hours of adjustment , I got the thing aligned . I re-wired my garage to 220V and the saw works great . The dust collector is a bit cheesy , but usable . I covered the back of the saw with plastic to help contain the dust . Compared to the over-priced saws at Lowe 's and Home Depot , this is the way to go !
 I bought this saw few months ago and couldn ' be happier . I went to the grizzly show roon in Springfield , MO so i wouldn ' know about the shipping , min was perfect out of the warehouse . btw , the show room is awsome and i highly recomend visiting one if u have the chance . About the saw
 Hi , I got one and its great for the money . Its just as good or better then the Jet or the Delta . There 's only three things that could be better , 1 , The saw blade cover has the logo of grizzly in it and if you cut small things , they get stuck in it . But , it LOOKS GREAT . . So , you will need to get a new one . 2 , The way they mount the On , Off , switch needs to be better . I mounted the switch on the table wing with angle iron , much better . 3 , They do n't supply a plug on the end of the power core . I think you should get the reg . plug and if you need another type cut it off . The add on type plugs suck . But they sell a Great saw and I looked at all the saw 's I could SEARS , DELTA , JET , POWEROMATIC , RIGID AND UNLESS YOU ARE WELLING TO PAY 800.00 0R MORE . THIS IS THE SAW TO GET ! The motor is a 2 hp and it starts up nice and runs smooth . LOVE IT .
 I purchased this saw after reading the reviews here . I must say , for the money there is no better saw on the market . This thing is first class ! You can see the quality in each piece as you assemble the saw . You can tell that Grizzly spent a great deal of time ` engineering ' this product . There is a huge difference between an ` engineered ' product and a ` mass-produced ' product . Grizzly could easily get away with selling this saw for $ 1000 + . Its that nice . Highly recommended .
 This shower head is even better than the previous incarnation . The old one still works great after about 15 years ! But I wanted another for the other bathroom and this one far surpasses the old one . Not the most attractive thing , especially in the `` chrome colour '' that I bought , but I will learn to live with it .
 We had a shower head that was tooo tall . This solved our problem and it looks great.I can position the shower for me and my husband can position the shower head for his height .
 I love my new showerhead !!!! I have to say ... It 's a bit strange looking , BUT effective . The water pressure in my apt was not the best . Now I actually have pressure . I also like the fact that I can twist the nozzle , and clean the shower in a matter of seconds .
 We purchased our first flexible showerhead years ago . We are so happy with the new chrome color . Our first showerhead was the beige colored one . The flexible tubing was a brillant idea - It allows different people of heights to take a comfortable shower as they can adjust the height of the shower head and it also makes cleaning the shower/tub area a breeze . Definitely recommend to anyone !!! I would even recommend them to hotels and apts . So often to take a shower and the head is inches away from the wall - this would allow the flexibility for everyone to be comfortable taking a shower and to enjoy it .
 I ordered the new shower head to replace The identical Waterpik unit I had used for nearly 10 years before something clogged . . when it arrived I tried to install where the other was removed and it would not thread onto the pipe . . I thought I had a faulty unit . . Amazon did a great job of doing a return and the second one arrived exactly the same . . So I had to cut off about 1 '' of the inlet -LRB- any saw will do the job -RRB- and remove the filter so it would reach the threads . . Once installed it works great and I look forward to many years of trouble free showers . . The chrome is a bit cheesy and my old white unit was better lookingOverall highly reccomend the product and Amazon for being really great on the return processDavid
 I was so hesitant to buy this . I 've wanted an adjustable shower head for a long time . I live in a house that is over 100 years old so there is not much in it that is standard . There is also not much in it that does not break when I try to fix it LOL . I am a middle aged female and I consider myself ` handy ' but certainly no expert . I went ahead and ordered this after reading reviews about it 's performance and easy installation . I was skeptical . I got up the courage to try and remove the old shower head which went well . I then followed the instructions which I thought were really easy to understand . I 'm not sure what problems others had who thought the instructions were complicated . This literally could not have been easier . I was so excited when in under 5 minutes I had a new shower head installed without disaster . Took my first shower and I 'm in heaven ! There was so little pressure with my old setup which I 've had for years . I was not really expecting that much of a difference but was I surprised . I love settings 1 and 2 which coincidentaly are the money saving settings . I obviously have not had this long enough to comment on it 's durability but with a lifetime warranty it 's really a moot point . I HIGHLY recomment this product and I am not one to write a lot of reviews on things I buy .
 We recently purchased this Showerhead for my aunt and uncle . They had been looking around for one but could not find it . They really liked this one when they were visiting and so we purchased it and had it sent to them . They installed it and are enjoying it .
 I 've wanted one of these since last summer . I was staying with family friends for the weekend , and they had one in their guest bathroom . Flexability is the obvious attraction , but I really liked the deep fitting that screws onto the stem of the shower . It is very easy to install by hand , and does n't leak a drop . A few more spray adjustments would be nice , but I can live with it . Highly recommend this products .
 Great product . Love being able to change position and height of the water flow as well as the type of flow .
 Works perfect ! I wish it had a on/off switch on shower-head , but you can easily turn it away from you , just wastes water . Overall 5 star !
 I had one that I bought years ago that stayed with my hoe when I sold it . Looked for another one and found it on Amazon . Thinking about getting another one for my second bathroom .
 This should also be carried in the stores for those persons who need a longer hose because of short stature and are unable to adjust shower heads because they are beyond reach while standing in a running shower .
 I had the prior model in both my bathrooms , after researching all the local stores I found this in Amazon , to my great delight it is an upgraded model of the one I had ... I recomend it , good performance and `` looks ''
 I 've ben using this for two months now , and it 's still working fine -- even installed at a weird angle . Needed it because the shower head was not installed correctly in my new apartment -LRB- it actually pointed OUTSIDE the tub ! WTF ? -RRB- Installing this let me easily correct the oversight and saved me a battle with the landlord : -RRB-
 I am a short person and husband tall , we can adjust the shower head to meet the needs of each person . Also it saves water and has different setting on the water flow head .
 This the second shower head like this that we have had . I love it . I am very short and the height of a regular shower head is to high for me . If this was goes bad , I will replace it with the same one . Great Item .
 Very nice shower head . I am really short and boyfriend is really tall , therefore it works for both of us . Very easy to adjust . Nice water flow .
 Thank God for this . It works effortlessly and perfectly . Not to mention , it 's PERFECT for those of us who are short and could n't reach the shower head before . Thank you !
 Really , I ca n't say more than I did in the title.This is , by far , the absolute BEST showerhead I have ever used in my life.Love the multiple settings , love the adjustable height . It 's PERFECT !!! I 'd give it 10 stars if I could ... About 10 years ago , I bought a very similar showerhead -LRB- also Waterpik , but all white -RRB- and it lasted approx . 6 years . It still functioned properly as far as a showerhead -LRB- I actually gave it to a girlfriend to use in her basement bathroom which is rarely used , but had a terrible showerhead -RRB- , but it made some creaking noises on adjustment and the plastic tubing started to crack from constant adjustment . I purchased this one as a replacement for it ... and I LOVE IT !!!!!! My husband loves it as he can adjust it to his height ... my son loves having it lowered all the way down so he can shower without getting sprayed in the face ... PREFECT !!! : -RRB-
 So I 've used some of the most amazing showers ever built , but for most days of the year I shower with the same setup as most Americans , a single stream of water preferably pouring from above my head . I 've been very impressed with some of my purchases from Amazon over the years , but this is the first time I 've truly felt inspired to write a review . That says a lot for someone who the UPS man knows very well , from seeing me at-least once a week as he hands me a package from Amazon.Long story short , believe all the positive things said in these reviews . I even left the water saver washer in -LRB- could n't get it out -RRB- and have decided to leave it in because it is everything I could ever need or want as is . I have not found anything negative about this unit , except for that it 's less than elegant looking.Warning to guys - if you focus it into super jet stream mode , keep your back to the stream , unless you enjoy putting your man bits through the ringer ...
 Have used this item before and always been satisfied . Reasonably priced - arrived promptly .
 excellent product , great buy from amazon.com . . could n't find it cheaper anywhere else . . Do n't forget Christmas is coming . purchase Sam the First Christmas Pumpkin , a colorful Christmas story book for children of all ages . . from Amazon.com . . makes a great stocking stuffer ...
 I just love this showerhead , and the other models by the same company with the flexible neck . It was super easy to install , and it makes the water pressure seem so much more ! I like the various settings , but the best part is that it stays just where you put it . I 'm short and my husband is tall , so it 's really great to have a showerhead the right height for both of us . I got one , and i liked it so much that when i moved i bought one for both bathrooms and for my mom ! -LRB- She loves it now too ! -RRB- It 's cheap , easy to use , overall , it 's the BEST EVER . =-RRB- I highly recommend it ! I got my first one at Home Depot , but now i can only find them online .
 In the past 2 years I have bought 10 different showerheads in search of the perfect one . Yes folks 10 ! Needless to say I have a few requirements when it comes to what I expect out of a good showerhead . A drenching shower . None of that little concentrated crap that hits one inch of you and takes 10 minutes to get you thoroughly wet . A great water flow with good power so that when you rinse your hair you actually feel the spray penetrating down through the shampoo to your scalp . Multiple settings . Not so you can hopefully find one that you can live with , but that all work well and which you will actually use!I have OK water pressure in my house . Nothing spectacular , but not horrible and most of the showerheads I have invested in have been a sad disappointment when it comes to any expectations of the above mentioned qualities . I have even bought a few from the specialty stores that promised all of the above -LRB- even if you have low water pressure -RRB- with the $ 100 + hefty price tags.I read many the reviews on this shower head and was of course a little concerned about the few negative ones , but went ahead and purchased it anyway . I had absolutely no problem installing it . Just hand tightened , no leaks , no problem . I did remove the water saver washer -LRB- which you do need a pair of needle nose pliers to get to , it does not just pop out -RRB- . I have to happily say that I love , love , love this showerhead ! It is perfect ! If I had to come up with something negative to say about it I would say that it is not the most attractive of showerheads , so If your really into the `` looks '' of your showerhead you probably would give it a second thought . If however , you have been searching high and low for the aboved mentioned qualities in a shower head like me , BUY THIS ONE ! I can say as an expert in the `` search for a decent showerhead '' field it is the absolute best you will find !
 I searched high and low for the perfect showehead . I have a shower stall in one bathroom . Every other shower head would do everything but clean , one even over shot the shower walls . I purchased this showehead and all my gripes disapeared . It 's Perfect !! HIGHLY recommended for shower stalls !!! Local stores did n't sell this model . Amazon had the best price and no shipping cost too .
 This is a great shower head ! There are a few settings to choose from , but mine is usually on the most powerful one . If you have thick hair , this is the shower head for you . You can rinse your hair in a jiffy ! : -RRB-
 Bought this Waterpik to replace one that I 'd had for about 10 years . This one is just as easy to install , just screw on , no tools needed . The adjustment compared to the older versions is much easier to do as well . We like the adjustable neck because it stays in place and can be adjusted for a wide variety of heights . All in all a great value .
 I 'm totally 100 % satisfied with my purchase of the Waterpik shower head . It 's like showering in a ritzy , posh , hotel bathroom . It has 7 different settings you can choose from and it gives off excellent water pressure ! I have bought Waterpick products before and highly recommend them to anyone.My advise to you
 It 's great because of the flex hose part . I hate it when the shower head is so high ... by the time the water hits your body you feel like you have to be in the shower forever to wash the soap off . With the flex showerhead you can aim it closer to your body with faster pressure . The six modes are great for when my neck is a little sore and needs a little water pressure to relax it a little . 100 % great buy !
 This is easy to add/remove with no tools -LRB- though the existing shower head probably needs to be removed with a wrench -RRB- . Great flow and very adjustable . Tip -- make sure to get some teflon tape to wrap the threads 2-3 times to eliminiate leaks .
 We had a white one for years -LRB- Lots of years -RRB- and I did not want to get something I DID n't like . After looking at several stores and could not find anything like it went online and found the latest one . We are absolutely thrilled with it . Hope this one lasts lots of years , too !!!
 For the money , we like this . it has a number of settings , and it move in almost any direction easily and stays . We had one of these earlier models before and it finally broke on the goose neck . it did leak around the connection end . so does this new one . i do n't think it did originally when i put it on , but the movement of the neck seems to have loosened something . I do n't think this one is made as well , but if i get 2 years out of it , it will have been worth the $ 30 .
 This is a great product and a good price . We like the easy installation , the various shower settings and the flexibility of the head . It is extremely easy to change positions and adjust for different people .
 Nothing bad to say about this showerhead , it does it 's job.I am very petite , and my fiance is very tall , so this showerhead is very adjustable to both of our needs.I would definetly recommend getting this if this is the sort of showerhead your looking for .
 Bought this through Amazon to replace one that wore out . Looks like an elephant 's trunk , and you can aim it in just about any direction you want . Great for families as you can vary its height to please everyone . Love it .
 This the third Waterpik shower head we have purchased of this model . They are great becuase they are very flexible and allow the little guys -LRB- kids -RRB- to reach the shower head as well . Each one we have purchased have lasted for quite some time and were replaced because they have broken in one place or the other . With using them since 2000 , I would say a life span of almost 4 years each is pretty good .
 Easy to install , no leaks . Love this thing . Going to buy more just incase they ever discontinue it . Could n't live a day without it . My husband is way taller then me and this makes it so much easier for both of us to enjoy our shower . You can move it around to shave your legs too ; ladies . Buy 5 . You will thank me for it !
 Quality shower head , easy to install , if you have low water pressure you may need to remove the flow adapter . Stays where we put it .
 I wish i would have known this shower head was so long , i have a smaller shower stall that ibought it for.The shower head is a little to big for it.The company should tell people the size.other than that i , m happy with the product .
 I had the older version for many years , and finally decided to get a new one . This showerhead works great in all modes and adjusts in height for our short CA showers .
 arrived safely and was wrapped for Christmas . Thanks so much and sorry for the delay . no more to say now
 This showerhead is awesome . Easy to install and works great with any water pressure . Purchased a while back . -LRB- 1 year or more -RRB- Just forgot to leave feedback .
 We began using this waterpik goose neck showerhead in 2000 because I 'm tall and with this I can actually take a shower with the water above my head . Easy to install . Only complaint is that after 5 or 6 years the goose neck under the plastic bellows begins to &#34; squeak &#34; or &#34; crunch &#34; becuase it has gotten rusty . Not a problem . We 're on our third one now after 13 years . It holds its position well and has all those different modes -LRB- message , wide , narrow , etc. -RRB- .
 For one of the children and I do not know how it works . She was pleased with the flexible but I do n't know if it is installled yer
 I have searched the Internet over for quite some time looking for THIS type Shower head , The last time I saw one like this was at K-mart many moons ago and until now could not find anything similar . I have purchased 3 so far ! Coming from a family of short people these shower heads are perfect , we can reach them , move them around , even rinse of the shower , This product is made way better than the old one 's I had , The spray nozzle is perfect . I am so worried that I will never find these again I may purchase even more . My sister thanks you , my daughter thanks you , I thank you , and my husband thanks you !!!! Thank you Waterpik !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A perfect product !!
 I installed these in my previous home and quickly ordered some for each of the showers in my new home . They are easy to install and work great .
 It 's a pleasant shower head , very relaxing . I removed the O-ring located underneath the filter . I reinstalled the filter again and then the black washer . The pressure improved and I enjoy it very much .
 I love how this Waterpik shower head is flexible and can be adjusted to fit the bather just perfectly . Plenty of spray options . Ca n't live without it . This is the second one I 've purchased .
 We purchased a home with a shower stall and found 2 helpful uses for this type of shower head . 1 . I 'm tall , she 's short and we often shower together -LRB- to save water -RRB- It 's useful to move around to different positions . Shower clean up is a breeze when you can point and shoot a spray to rinse wall areas .
 I 've been using this style shower head for several years now and keep going back time after time . It really gives a great massage and gives you the power spray all the time . You 'll enjoy it .
 Excellent product . Exactly as advertised . Good price . Nice gentle massaging affect with variable settings . Had to remove the flow restrictor in order a good strong pulsating massage .
 Nine years ago my son purchased and installed a Wpik shower head for me.I loved it from the first use.Through the years I have been asked how I liked my showerhead . I have always said that I love it and would n't want to be without it.When my mother asked me this month 10/08 , to find a replacment for her shower I recommened the one that I have.My model no longer existed . I went to the Wpik.HomePage and it had nothing that was close to what I have.I began searching and finally found a site that offered a different looking head , yet one that compaired to the one that I have . I know nothing is `` Forever '' , so I intend to order one as a replacement for my bathroom and another for the guest bathroom . Thank You for your inquiry . CLP .
 it is a good product ... the only negative thing i have to say about it is the use of plastic threads ... it was difficult to fix it to a metal pipe because plastic and metal just do n't work together ... but other than that it works great !!
 For those that are shorter than others this really reaches down and you get full force . For the taller ones - It does a great massage on the lower back .
 I bought this to use in my Husbands Drive In Shower , it works great because he can adjust it to work at wheelchair height and he can hit all of the right spots . I would recommend this to anyone who needs an adjustable shower head .
 We bought this shower head to replace an older water pic head with a similar setting and flexible `` neck '' . It is a good shower head but it does n't have as many features as the older model . It does n't have the `` slow '' setting that you can use to cut water flow if you want to slow it down instead of shut it off . The pulsating setting is not as strong and not as precise as the older model either . If the pulsating was better I would give it 5 stars but as it is , it is good but not the best .
 I spent a few weeks with in-laws a few years back and they had shower heads like this one . Looked all over for one in all the local stores and could n't ever find one . Tried Amazon -LRB- dunno why I did n't think of them before -RRB- , and found exactly what I was looking for ! These things are great ! They are movable , adjustable , and changeable .
 My wife is considerably shorter than I . This makes it easy for both of us to enjoy a shower without her having to stand on a ladder to adjust it or me having to hit my head .
 This flexible shower head is an excellent product . It is excellent for those over 6 feet .
 We stayed in a condo in S. Calif. last Fall which had a showerhead like this . It was fantastic . I am quite short , and my husband is much taller . We can each adjust it to our own liking .
 WE HAVE HAD OTHER WATER PIK BEFORE BUT NEVER LIKE THE FLIXBLE ONE , AFTER MANY YEARS OF SERVE IF BROKE AND WE COULD ` NT FIND IT IN MIAMI , -LRB- WE BOUGHT THE FIRST ONE IN PALM BEACH AT A LOWE 'S THERE -RRB- SO I WENT ON LINE AND FOUGHT IT AT AMAZON.COM IF YOU DO N'T HAVE ONE BUY IT , IS THE BEST EVER , I 'M GOING TO PURCHASE ANOTHER JUST TO HAVE AS A SPARE .
 Easy to install . There 's a very slight leak at the base , but it 's not a big deal -LRB- just a trickle -RRB- . Love the flexible hose for positioning ... it even makes cleaning the shower easier . Good water flow even with the restrictor still in place .
 Very flexable , good settings and can ajust water direction right over your head with plenty of water . presure . The beauty of this sprayer is it allows you to set up towel hooks on the other end of the shower stall for easy reach and towels do not get wet . We set up 1 for me and 1 for her . You can get your towel and dry yourself befor getting out of the tub . I love the set up .
 I love this showerhead ! Since I am 5 ' 7 '' and my sons are very tall , this is the perfect showerhead for us . I have used hand held devices and the stationary ones and none compare to this one for flexibility and angle of the spray . My only complaint is that this is my second one . The first one broke earlier than I would have expected due to the prongs inside the device being a bit fragile . I would like to see that changed by the manufacturer and then this would be the perfect showerhead !
 This shower head works well with our low pressure well system , just by taking the flow restricter out . It provides a nice even flow at all settings . We can each find a setting that works great for us and the flexible neck allows it to get lower for me and be higher for my companion . Other shower heads were too high for both of us , and expecially for me , the water is always cold before it gets to me . This shower head 's adjustability solves that problem .
 Item as expected . No leaks and very easy to install . Highly recommend over the hand held shower heads , especially families with young children .
 this is the third one we have owned . they do not wear out , our water is very hard so after a time the flow becomes not good .
 I have only one complaint - there is no way of knowing what setting the shower head is on . It states 6-mode but it does show anywhere what `` mode '' you are in . You just have to keep moving the dial until you find the desired setting . Not a big deal , just something to consider . Otherwise , I like the product and would purchase it again .
 I had a Waterpick shower head for a number of years , when broke suddenly , I tried another product but was never satisfied . I had to go back to my old faithful .
 We have had one of these for over 10 years . My husband is very tall and I am quite a bit shorter . We have been adjusting this up and down every day for 10 years , and it has lasted all this time . I am now buying a new one , because it sprung a leak . I hope the new one lasts another 10 years .
 Nice Product ! Handles all the shower needs any family member would want and it has a added feature , an 18 inch adjustable shower handle to direct the water in any direction or position . This is the main advantage of this showerhead over others in that you do not need to hold the showerhead after moving it to a different position . I love this thing . I have put these in all my bathrooms and the kids love it too .
 I have just installed this shower head . I was concerned it would be too heavy and displace the j-pipe , but was light enough it should n't be a problem . The flex hose stays right where you put it . I left the white water saver in and the pressure is very good even though we are on a private well and our water pressure is low . The only problem I had was a leak at the j-pipe . I put the shower head on and hand tightened as instructed , with a significant leak . I tightened it with pliers and there was still a leak . On close inspection of the threads on the j-pipe , there were minute amounts of plumbers tape in the grooves . I scrubbed the threads with degreaser and a toothbrush and removed several small `` threads '' of the tape . When I replaced and hand-tightened the shower head , it was leak-free . Hope this helps anyone having a leak problem .
 This is the second shower head that I 've purchased that has the adjustable goose neck and it 's ideal for a family of different heights . Also the spray selection is perfect especially if you do n't have great water pressure . And the price was great too .
 Daughter is short , son is tall . It gives them both full strong jet of water at the right height for each .
 Great when you need a head that you can move around to suit a range of people . Not the prettiest shower head for sure .
 aloud me to get the hight of the shower head I need being tall , this is perfect and glad someone made it
 Had a shower head like this one I bought at a local store and the outer plastic came off , but the store no longer carried them , so found this one on Amazon . So far it has performed great .
 Perfect water pressure and moveable for my kids . A big winner for our house . Love the chrome color and flexibility .
 We bought one of these shower heads over five years ago , hoping it would help me -LRB- 5 ' 9 &#34; -RRB- happily share a shower of average height with my very tall -LRB- 6 ' 5 &#34; -RRB- sweetie . The Waterpik showerhead did just that , and rather handily , I must say . The head moves easily to just about any position . The installation was ridiculously easy . Not even plumber 's tape is needed -LRB- in fact , the instructions advise against it -RRB- . Just screw the thing on and away you go . No expensive remodeling or installation of fancy double showerheads needed.In addition to allowing everybody to have their shower aimed at whatever height/direction they like , this shower head has * never * clogged , even though we have mineral-rich well water . Every other type of showerhead we tried clogged sooner or later.I 've just purchased a second showerhead in this exact same model for our guest bathroom . I noticed that the new one adjusts a little more smoothly than the old one , so perhaps a soak in vinegar would do the old one some good . But even still , the flow and function of the old one are not impeded at all . It still works just fine.I wo n't buy any other kind of showerhead , ever ! Highly recommended .
 shower in my apartment built for tall people , i guess . i could not make adjustments without getting on tip toes and did not feel safe . the color is nice and after 3 months of use by my self and my grand kids , no problems .
 Not only was this Shower head just what I wanted ... but I was blown away as to how easy it was to install . It is every thing I had hoped for . I use a lot less water for my shower now . One word describes it ... `` AWESOME ! ''
 We really like these flexible shower heads -- husband 6 ' 4 '' and me just 5 ' 5 '' . Nice settings . This one is pretty much the same as the first which lasted 12 years or so . Glad Amazon carries them .
 I like the movement . You can rinse the whole shower out . Makes a huge difference on the dirty shower.Has not leaked in 2 + years so farCleans easy.Easy cure for the wild sprayer - just run fingers over the rubber outlets back and forth a couple times . Breaks up the build up and sprays in a nice stream again .
 We seem to purchase this about every two years . We have mineral buildup in our area from the water so any shower head gets clogged with ` stuff ' . This head suits our needs so well that I am tempted so buy a dozen just in case it goes away ! It has several sprays to choose from and it is easy to adjust height and has good water flow .
 FINALLY ! I found this showerhead again ! I bought one in like 1995 from Walmart because I 'm 6 ' 5 '' and a standard shower head just was n't cutting it . It lasted until 2009 and finallygave out . I have been looking in stores for a new one for 3 years and thought that theystopped making them & was thrilled when by chance I saw it on Amazon.com.I highly recommend this product to anyone . Easy installation , great spray options , HEIGHT ADJUSTABLE ! I have had back surgery and love being able to position thepusing hot water right where the pain is.It was just delivered and I just now took the BEST shower in 3 years !
 The beauty of this showerhead is that it allows apace for the over the shower arm racks to hold shampoos , etc. . My husband is tall and he can move the showerhead to adjust for his height . We each have different settings we prefer and this showerhead offers 6 settings which a very easy to change . I installed both of them and they were very easy for me to do . I am very pleased with these showerheads and highly recommend them for anyone who wants an adjustable unit . Since I 'm only 5 ' 3 '' short , I could never adjust our previous close to the wall standard unit .
 could n't find it in a brick and mortar finally looked onlineabsolutely love it ca n't wait to take a shower somedays .
 Love this shower head ! The ability to adjust it 's height is extremely useful-not just to adjust height between guests , but now instead of having to wear a shower cap if I want to shower but not wash my hair I can just readjust the height of the shower head ! My husband and I bought it after we moved into a new apartment with horrible water pressure , and as the product states it does increase water pressure without increasing the amount of water being used ! Fabulous ! Highly recommend .
 This is a great shower head . It has many different settings to meet the needs of each user . The best part is the flexible hose . You can position the head anyway you want and it 's also good for the vertically challenged - it 's easier to reach . You get the convenience of a hand held without having to hold it . I had one in the past and was happy to find it here - could n't find it in the store .
 This is the second one we have owned . We had one in our home for years , and when lost in a fire and are now renting we had to get another . I 'm short , my husband is tall . This is great and no matter how much you move it around , it lasts for years ! I recently purchased one for my sister . It 's great if you want to shower and not get your hair wet . Great when cleaning the shower too ! The massage features are great but the best thing is the adjustability of it .
 When you 're 5 ' 2 '' and your husband is 6 ' 1 '' , a flexible showerhead is a must ! When our previous model finally bit the dust , we began looking for a replacement . We scoured the big box home improvement stores and department stores and were unable to find a suitable replacement . Thanks to Amazon , we 're now back in business ! This model is very similar to our old Shower Massage - it 's easy to install and has a nice range of spray options .
 I have an older version of this shower massage which my son who is 6 ' 2 '' always used . He has moved out to his own place and did n't like the shower head there , as it 's too low . This shower head is Great for tall people . With the flexible hose you can raise the nozzle . I 've had the older version for about ten years now . Hope this one last just as long .
 The flexible hose is great for houses with people of varying heights . You can also use the massage mode and adjust the hose to get right on your neck and shoulders . I also use the adjustable hose to rinse off the shower walls when I 'm done .
 This was a replacement showerhead of the same brand from 15 years ago . The new one has improved shower selection and low-flow . I bought the first one because we are tall and standard showerheads are too low . My four adult children were home for Christmas and each one commented to me , individually , that it was a great shower ! I particularly enjoy the setting for a strong center spray for rinsing shampoo out of my hair . Great product !!
 I 'VE USED THIS SHOWERHEAD FOR YEARS . WHEN IT BROKE , MY WIFE AND I HAD TO HAVE A NEW ONE . WE TRIED OTHERS BUT THEY DID N'T COMPAIR . WE FINALLY WENT ON LINE , BOUGHT IT DIRECT . A GREAT PRODUCT !
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GLKBFC/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleLove this showerhead . My husband is 6 ' 7 '' and I 5 ' 10 '' . We can adjust this showerhead without having to duck under it .
 This is my fifth one and the only shower head I really like . I have put them on every shower I use over the last 10 or more years . If they start to get plugged by bad water . Soak in vinegar overnight and they are like new the next day . The massage feature is great for a sore back .
 Good Quality for the price . We have owned this brand before , and have always had good luck with them .
 I bought two of this showerheads . We love the flexible hose that my kids can adjust to their height . Very storng water for us to enjoy the shower .
 I 've used a Flesible shower head for ages and loved it . Of course it could n't last forever . When it gave out I could n't find one available in any store around me - Lowe 's , Home Depot , WalMart , Ace Hardware . Finally I decided to go online . It was so easy through Amazon to locate the flexible shower head AND the new one is even better than the old one was . The connection to the pipe is solid this time with the flexibility coming after that union - no more drip when the show is on ! Plus , the head has 6 different flow modes . AND best of all , the flex tube is easy to move , and holds the position it 's put in . Wonderful !
 This is the best showerhead I have ever used , including those from spas and hotels . Its greatest attribute is its flexible neck . Tall people like myself can actually shower standing up straight without stooping down under a traditional showerhead since you can adjust the height of the water coming out . You simply move the showerhead where you want it and it stays ! During a typical shower I move it several times to aim at different heights . You get the flexibility of an adjustable spray without having to hold one of those hand held showerheads with one hand while trying to rinse your hair with only one free hand OR buying one of those ugly pipes to make your showerhead higher -LRB- more $ $ $ -RRB- . The flexible neck also makes cleaning the shower breeze . After you wash the walls and floor , you can move the flexible neck to any position to rinse off the shower cleaner . As with most showerheads , you can remove the OptiFlow ring to increase your water pressure . Just be sure to follow installation instructions -LRB- holding the head stationary while you thread the neck into your pipe , this is clearly stated in the installation instructions -RRB- . This item used to be available widely at Home Depot or Lowe 's in Southern California but now I can just find it online . Our house guests who have used this showerhead are also impressed with the massage modes .
 I needed to elevate my shower head so that i would not have to stoop down to rinse my head . This did the trick . Easy to install and a nice spray pattern . Makes for a much more enjoyable shower
 The unit works ok . I wished other manufacturers would follow suit with the flexible wand/shaft idea . Competition is good , but waterpik must have a patent . The flexible neck is a wonder and works very good . The last unit I owned had a 5-year warranty , but the head broke off just after . So , I decide to purchase an updated version with a lifetime warranty . I found that the function dial on the upgrade is not distinct when moving it to each setting . It tends to glide too smoothly thru the settings , so one must play with the dial for the correct shower type . It does give a wonderful spray in each of the modes , but I do n't think six are needed , because there is little difference in spray pattern for a few of the settings . The rubber nozzles are easily cleaned . Recommend taking the flow restrictor out of the flexible wand if your water system is 40psi or less .
 This showerhead was EASY to install and works awesome !! Should have installed one of these a long time ago !! : -RRB-
 I actually already have two of these at home and bought this one for my vacation house . It works great to direct the flow of water from the shower to where you want it and saves water too .
 The WaterPik shower head is awsome . I 'm tall and my wife is short . So , as the flexneck goes , just being able to move the shower head to the proper height is very nice . The shower head works great and is a likable product .
 I have this item in my shower and it is wonderful . The settings work well for a great stream of water and the flexible pipe helps you rinse your body and the shower walls of soap easily . I bought this one for my daughter 's house as I hated their shower head . You 'll like it
 Excellent product ... easy to install and luv the six differentsettings . Do not hesitate to purchase .
 I have had the older model in the past and it worked good until it wore out . This new model is better looking and the water flow is even better . I have used other `` flexible or adjustable '' shower head units and usually the rubber O-Rings wear out very fast . Too soon to give it a 5 star rating -LRB- 1 -RRB- month .
 If you want an adjustable height shower head and do not want to spend a fortune on plumbing or attachments , this is THE answer ! Works great and takes about two minutes to install !!!
 I was rebuilding our home in FL to sell it and realized we needed a replacement shower head for our small shower of the master Bath . The water pipe comes out of the wall in the wrong place so you have only a 2 ' square area to stand with a standard shower head . I looked all over St. Petersburg , FL and could not find this shower head . When I got home and did a bing search after getting the model number from Waterpik . The best price and delivery was of course , AMAZON . This product installs without any tools and was a dream . I now live in the NC mountains and use Amazon on a regular basis as I have had no problems with products or shipping .
 We purchased a flexible Waterpik many many years ago that we absolutely loved . It held up great through a ton of pulling and pushing due to the different heights of the members in my family of 5 , but , as all good things , it had about enough and would no longer stay up very well . So we searched until we could find its exact replacement . I read through many of the reviews on this product and was apprenhesive due to the number of people that claimed it did not hold its position as well as their original one . I know that the quality of manufactured products has deteriorated significantly through the years , but I have been extremely pleased with this new model . It holds its position perfectly -LRB- so may I suggest that if yours does n't , it is a defective one and should be returned for a replacement -RRB- and the settings are fabulous . We do not have much pressure at our house , but this model magnifies the pressure excellently for a true massage when needed while providing low pressure settings for those with more sensitive needs . We are planning on purchasing another one to store for the future .
 I have LOW water pressure . I removed the WHITE BASKET DIFFUSER IN THE END of the part which screws onto water pipe . NEXT , look deep and see a BLACK insert way down in there . I took a long skinny drill bit and used it as a pry bar to remove the second water restrictor ... popping it right out . NOW I have a good product with adequate amount of water pressure .
 This is a really nice showerhead . Its flexible so you can point it to any part of the shower . It also has 5 different spray patterns . I highly recommend it .
 Love the adjustments on this showerhead . We have very hard well water , but thus far the head has cleaned itself . We would buy another one if needed .
 In more than 40 years of using showers , this is the best shower head I have ever used . Best of all , it easily adjusts for height or angle so many different persons can use it . And there are six water flow settings . Although a few simple tools may be needed to remove the old shower head , this Waterpik head installs easily without tools or teflon tape .
 We have a very high pipe coming out of our shower wall and this goose neck shower head is just perfect for us . You can use it high over head , medium pointed on neck , or low on shoulders to avoid getting your hair wet . We love it and the pressure is wondeful . This is our second one in the last eight years . You wo n't be sorry for all the control you have .
 Could not find this `` gooseneck '' in the store so I was very glad to find it at Amazon . The flexibility of the neck is just what I needed . I just wish it came in a white color .
 This type of showerhead is necessary for our shower , the AquaGlass unit has a curved ceiling making the placement of the pipe too low for anyone over 5 ' 6 '' or so . With the adjustable arm on this gadget , we can aim the water from a higher spot . I have had this unit for years and bought 3 more to put away in case they stop making them.As far as function , it 's adequate because our pressure is n't great . I 'm sure with good water pressure , it does a fine job .
 The Waterpik NML-603 -LRB- S -RRB- is the best showerhead we 've ever had . We had several older versions of this showerhead , but they all made a loud squeaking sound when moved about . No squeaking here . This showerhead is silent and has several different settings . Installation was simple and easy .
 I ca n't find this product in local stores anymore , so I was thrilled to find it on Amazon . I use it for the shower heads in my rental properties - no matter how tall or short my tenants are , they can adjust the height of the shower head without making a mess -LRB- aka water damage to the rest of the bathroom -RRB- and they feel like they have a luxurious shower/spa !
 I had the original shower head like this for over 10 years , and this is basically the same one . No problems with it , this is just fine .
 We have used these types of Waterpik shower heads for years . Love the flexibility , especially when in a small shower .
 We had purchased several of these shower heads about 10 years ago . We have always loved them and so have all of our friends and family that have stayed at our house . We could n't find any replacements at the local retail stores or even online from the big box hardware stores . We became desperate when one of the old shower heads finally gave out at the point that it screws on to the shower extension . We were so happy to find these . Fantastic ! We can each get the type of shower we like and the flexibility is the best .
 Been using this showerhead for the past 10 years . We tried a different one after the first one needed to be replaced -LRB- after 8 years of daily + use !! -RRB- and we were n't happy at all ! Bought another one of these and our great shower is back ! I hope they never discontinue this showerhead !
 This showerhead is so easy to install and so flexible a big hit in my family . This is my second one in five years , easy to clean and if you have hard water it is necessary at least one a year it will keep the water flowing .
 Love this product . As long as it is available I will keep these installed in my home . This is my second home they are in my bathrooms .
 I have now purchased this showerhead about 5 times . The first one lasted for more than 5 yrs . The second one about 2 yrs , and the last 3 have lasted 6 mths or less . Its very disappointing because this showerhead increases water pressure 10-fold and makes washing long thick hair a breeze . It has multiple settings and works great as long as you are EXTREMELY careful with the flexible hose part . Jerk it the wrong way or twist it the wrong way once and that 's it ... gone is your fabulous water pressure and your $ 35.00 investment . Sooooo -- if you can be VERY careful with the cheaper made version and not twist or jerk it too much , its fantastic ... but it will not hold up under constant flexing and moving . I 'd know , since I 've replaced it 3 times in 18 mths :-LRB- Its worth it to me , though , so I will continue to buy it .
 I have bought these shower heads over and over for years . The flexibility makes it easy to not only shower , but clean the shower or bathtub . It makes rinsing and wetting of all surfaces EASY . You can rinse down your shower walls and every crevice of the shower floor with ease . The multiple water modes are fun . The OptiFLOW feature has turned my old plumbing , with low pressure into a much higher water pressure system . The flexible tube attachment will wear out eventually . Usually around the shower head and the first six inches of the tube , it will become limp over the years . That 's because it 's where the shower head is manipulated the most for aiming at yourself in the shower . It DOES take a while for this to happen , if you 're not abusing it . It WOULD be nice if they would just make a replacement hose for this model . The shower head itself will keep on ticking . I live in a hard water area , so I like to dip mine in some lime , rust , calcium remover to keep the holes clear . The price is a great value for the fun you 'll have with this baby !
 When I installed this in my shower , I fully expected it to leak , as virtually all other similar devices require that you use tape around the end of the shower arm . To my surprise , all I did was remove the existing tape from the shower-head arm and screw this one on . It did n't leak at all . I was so impressed , that I purchased another one for my second bathroom . The shower-head itself works very well , and can be configured to just about any position you would want to use it in . The water comes out with plenty of pressure and all of the settings work properly . This is a great shower-head .
 I 'm 6 foot 1 , my wife is 5 foot , and I have kids under 10 . This is the best shower head to accomodate us all . I have had another one like this one for 10 years , and it still works great . A must buy !
 I bought this product to replace one I bought years ago . I can only find it online now . The description of the product says there are 6 settings but I can only get 4 to operate . I can not get the mist or water pause settings no matter how I adjust the head . The water pressure on the center spray setting is amazing . It is almost like a pressure washer . It is wonderful for rinsing shampoo out of your hair in a hurry and rinsing soap off quickly .
 THIS WAS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR . IT HAS EASY SWITCHABLE SETTINGS AND HAS GREAT FLOW . IDEAL FOR LONG HAIR AND GETTING ALL THE SHAMPOO AND RINSE OUT QUICKLY . MASSAGE SETTING IS COMFORTING AND JUST RIGHT .
 We have a two headed shower and these allow us to move the spray to fit our needs .
 By far the best showerhead I have ever purchased . We have 3 boys 5 years apart and 3 very different heights and this adjusts perfectly for them . Very easy to use and install and also improves water pressure . We still own the first one we purchased 10 years ago and after daily adjusting between my husband and I , it works perfectly . We have this showerhead installed in all of our bathrooms . It can be pushed up for someone over 6 feet tall or lowered straight down for someone 3 feet tall and it stays exactly where you put it with no problems . Love it and would HIGHLY recommend it to anyone . -LRB- My guests love it also -RRB-
 I am a short person and love this showerhead . My husband and put it up for him and I can pull it down for me . I have one in my kids ' bathrooms too . It also helps in cleaning the shower ... it can move around to rinse the walls/curtain off .
 I 'm delighted with this product . It was very easy to install and because it 's totally flexible it solved a big problem for me
 i really really love this shower head . the flexibility is a must between my roommate and i. my roommate is almost 6 feet tall and i am 5 feet tall . we adjust this thing everyday when one of us uses the shower . we 've had this for over a year and the hose is still in great condition . plus , it 's easy to clean the shower too .
 This shower head replaces our old one ... Great water pressure and even better choices of sprays ...
 The Waterpik NML603 has much improved my morning showers . This is my second WaterPik and I made the mistake of leaving the last one when I moved . So glad I found one comparable .
 I wanted a shower head for the guest bathroom that could be height adjustable and I did n't want one of the hand-held ones because they 're awkward and the hose gets in the way . This one is perfect . The flex hose lets you add a foot if you are tall , or put it down a foot for kids or shorter people .
 I have had a water-pik shower head since they were first developed and only came in white . The only thing about them is if you bend the goose-neck too much and too many times , eventually the skin will break . Of course , this was over about 17 years !! Would n't live without it , it 's wonderful ! Can be adjusted with one hand to either flow over the head , under the head -LRB- does not get my wife 's hair wet -RRB- or spot-place it for soothing water massage . I bought one for each bathroom this time .
 This is my third one -LRB- others destroyed by bad water here on the island and my attempt to clean with bleach water -RRB- but still had both a long time . This is a newer model and the different flows are much better . One of the pulsing , 3-spray settings is just awesome on my back and neck . . I do n't want to get out of the shower in the morning ! We just went to city water , so this one should last much longer . My shower pipe is waaaayyyyy up there and I 'm a little on the short side -LRB- big step-in shower -RRB- . Got tired of getting hit in the head ! . In addition to being able to now move the shower itself to an appropriate height , it 's great when cleaning the shower and being able to get the walls . Love it and will probably buy another to keep in storage . You know how manufacturer 's are ... if it works ... they take it off the market !
 These solve a lot of problems that result from either the fixed or hose-type shower heads . You can direct the spray wherever you want it and it stays there HANDS FREE , AND then move it around to hose down the shower walls when you 're done . You also get plenty of water even with the restrictor in.Waterpik NML-603 -LRB- S -RRB- Linea 6-Mode Showerhead with OptiFLOW , Chrome
 Simple , and efficient ... Excellent for the handicapped , and children . You do n't have to hold a hose type in your hand ... There are no mounting brackets or rails to clutter shower , -LRB- easier to clean -RRB- , and , you can still hose down shower walls . I have been using one of these for 15 years . Home Depot , and Lowes used to sell these , but have stopped ... I hope Waterpik does not discontinue . Tip
 We have a very small shower stall in our house and this product was perfect for us . You can orient it so the water comes straight down , which is great . The amplification of water pressure is also a very nice feature !
 I absolutely love this shower head !! I stumbled upon one in Lowe 's several years ago and bought it because I am short and thought it would be nice to have one you could adjust for height , position etc. . When I accidentally bent the flexible hose too much while rinsing the shower one day it would no longer hold a fixed position so I went to buy another one but no place where I live had one like it . I was so happy to find one on Amazon.com . It 's great to adjust the height and position of the shower head and it also has several different spray types as well . It 's also very reasonably priced .
 I saw this shower head featured on Jon & Kate Plus 8 on TLC . I needed a new shower head and ordered this one . I love it for its flexibility and ease of installation . It replaced our 20 year old shower head . This Waterpik has a great deal more water pressure than my old one even though it is a water saver . Great product .
 I had a previous Waterpik model , but this one is far superior . The spray is forceful and easily adjusted both flow wise and arm wise . I am very happy with this product .
 We saw this type of shower head on John and Kate + 8 on TLC and thought we should try it.It works great and is perfect for our situation . Like the flexible hose and adjustable head . i would recommend it to anyone.This vendor did a great job . Fast and dependable .
 We had trouble finding this type of shower head in Hardware Stores . Our previous one , the same brand , Waterpik , lasted 14 years . I was delighted to find this on the Amazon Web Site . It arrived in two days and took less than 5 minutes to install . My only concern is that the chrome will wear off and it wo n't look good . Our previous shower head was vinyl coated and still looked like new but the hose had finally given out .
 I got the regulator out with needle-nose plyers on the end where the white filter is . The problem was that the flow was non-existent . Dribble at best . It turns out that as I had been twisting the tube and the plastic end that goes on the J pipe , it had sealed shut and was n't allowing any water out . The same thing happened on the other end . I could not get that stupid flow regulator out AND the white filter in with the black washer , so I took them both out and used white plumbers tape on the J-pipe and everything worked great.This is how I got around the weird length and shape of this hose . I took my J-pipe on the wall and turned it clockwise -LRB- tightened -RRB- it 90 degrees so that it was pointing up instead of down . Then screwed on the showerhead hose , let it go up a aabout 4-6 '' then arched it down towards a regular shower position . This way if you have a small shower , you wo n't have a showerhead half way in the middle of your shower . I 'm 6 ' 5 '' so it worked perfect , but you could just pull it down further for the height of any person . This way you you do n't have to do the loop around trick , hold it with rubber bands , duct tape , etc. . It stays there perfectly and when you want to move it , it does and comes back where you want it . It also allows you to spray the sides of the shower to rinse it after cleaning , etc. . I find that there are really only 2 positions on all of these adjustments that are really worthwhile from a spray perspective . Overall a nice unit and a decent price . Looks a little strange though .
 The Waterpik NML-603 -LRB- S -RRB- Linea 6-Mode Showerhead with OptiFLOW is a great product . The flex neck allows you to adjust the showerhead to any height and any angle to accommodate individual needs . You can also select the type of spray that comes out of the showerhead . There are 6 spray settings . We have two showers in our home . We 've been using the Waterpik Flex Neck showerhead in both of our showers for the past 5 years . We just replaced the one in our sons ' bathroom because the ribbed tubing came out from the end piece that screws on to the water pipe . It probably would have lasted longer , but our teenage boys can be pretty rough on things . The one in our master bedroom shower is still working fine . Our original flex neck showerhead was white . I could only find the replacement one in chrome . Either color works fine in our bathroom . I hope Waterpik never stops making this product !!!!
 I do n't know what the people who complained about this item are talking about . We have not had any of the problems they claim to have had . It installed in about 35 seconds and has worked perfectly ever since . My husband likes the shower head up higher than I do , so this was the perfect solution for us . He can situate it high and I can pull it down lower . The pressure is great ! I hate to feel like I am in a mist when I am showering . This product really puts out the water pressure !!
 I created a sit down shower after I had been to Japan and really enjoyed this experience . So I was looking for a shower head that could be easily placed into a number of different positions , without too much fuss and this product really does that very nicely.The shower head has a reasonable flow , even with the water saving device inside . However , I generally like to remove water restriction devices in shower heads as soon as I get them . Call me anti environment , but I really like my shower experience and there are other more powerful ways to save water ... like not having a lawn and use of drip systems to irrigate ... 40 % of water consumption is used in irrigation . Your shower represents about 5 percent.Anyway , removal of the water restriction device in this shower maybe impossible as one of the water restriction devices is deep in the tail end and would likely require a needle nose plier to get rid of and I did n't feel confident that I would not hurt the function of the shower . Further , the head of the shower does n't seem to screw off , like most shower heads do and because the tail end of the shower has that elongation before you get to the threads of the shower connection -LRB- see picture -RRB- , there is no way to stick a diverter anywhere in between your shower outlet and the Waterpik shower head . Again , a minor problem for most people as I believe only a minority of people would want to add a handshower to this device.The different settings on the shower head function very well with a clear snap into each setting . Overall very pleased with the device ... and unfortunately , if this is what you are looking for , it is the only one I could find on the internet , so there is really not much choice .
 I really love the waterpik , it 's what I wanted ... some water does come out of the top of the entrance/exit ; however , it 's possible it 's my set up .
 This is the second time we 've purchased this showerhead . It offers multiple levels of water flow , and is very reliable .
 I have had this about 1 month and so far everything is great . One of the best `` quality of life '' moves I have made in recent years ! For years I have put up with low water pressure in my shower but this Waterpik is `` hotel quality '' pressure ! I mean it is carwash strong , I even have to turn down the water . My advice is to leave the water regulator in the device and try that first to see if the water pressure is okay for you , -LRB- I took mine out and probably will put it back in in the future . -RRB- The directions are kind of so-so , it does n't expand very much on what to do , especially on how to get the regulator out of the showerhead . The biggest problem I had was getting the old head off the water line ! Before you buy a new showerhead , pop off the old one and see if it is full of crud and deposits on the inside , that 's what was the main cause of the low water pressure for me even though the water nozzles were free flowing . I am happy with this product , adjusting the flexible tube is kind of funky , but I actually look forward to taking showers now ! -LRB- I know , that 's a pretty sad statement on my life huh ?! -RRB-
 This was a replacement for the identical shower head I 've had for years and years . I 've searched for it in stores but never found it . This one came quickly and works perfectly and I love it . My hubby is 8 in taller than me and we can both be happy with this showerhead . I bought 2 so I 'm good for a long long times . Thanks .
 I had the old white one of these and was looking for another for the kids bathroom . I bought this , but was worried b/c of the reviews . Well , ours is great . We did take out the resister -LRB- water saver thing -RRB- and it has GREAT water pressure . The pressure is almost too much , I wish we had tried it b/f removing the resistor . I was worried about water pressure due to other reviews . And , it does not leak at all and is easy to adjust , again , opposite of previous reviews . We are happy with the purchase !
 Take out the flow regulator that the product says should remain in there and then hook it up to your shower . It 's the best shower head I 've ever had . The flexible head is all I need in my stand up shower to reach every space I need to when cleaning and it stays perfectly still when I use it as I shower . I love it!Each spray setting is strong and I just keep it on one but if you like to change it up from massage to soft spray then this is the head for you too !
 The flexible shower head is exactly what you need if you are 5 ' 10 '' or taller . This is the first shower I have ever had that I do n't have to duck my head to get under . 6 settings from massage to full spray . I did have to go to the hardware to get a 90 degree elbow and a 4 '' nipple because the pipe coming out of the wall was pointed down before installing the shower head . Very satisfactory .
 Product works great . Arrived very fast . I prefer the flexible hose on this showerhead as opposed to the hand-held versions that are mainly offered through retail stores . Definately recommend it .
 All i can say about this product is ... SHAMWOW ! This is a fantastic scalp saver . I do n't know how they do it , but somehow , they can increase water pressure like 3 times stronger then other showerheads . One particular setting gives a fantastic strong flow and you can get your head cleaned of soap in 15 seconds . Most of the other settings give similar water pressure as other heads but provides more water flow IMO , which is nice for face and body rinsing . I switch to the one setting for my head to penetrate the hair and get to the scalp to get a clean rinse from shampoo . If i could n't find this product , i would have had to increase the main water pressure . This is a must buy for anyone who ca n't stand 30 min showers because water flow is too low .
 While this showerhead does not have a very wide spread , the settings still offer enough variety to handle most showering needs . The main draw of this waterpik head is the adjustability . Living with people ranging between 5 ' 2 '' and 6 ' 5 '' , this shower gets yanked around daily , and handles it admirably . I tried 2 other brands from hardware stores before this one , and finally scored a winner with this waterpik .
 I bought this shower head to replace a similar earlier model , which became clogged and difficult to change settings -LRB- I blame it on the hard water in AZ -RRB- . I have had this one for about six months now . and it works great . Good pressure , even with the low flow thingamajig in there . the individual spray outlets are made of a soft rubber-like material , so if they do become clogged , you can give them a flick with your finger and they clear out . the snake like extension allows you to direct the spray almost anywhere and still have two free hands .
 It is really nice to be able to position it wherever you need it . Also helps in rinsing out the shower .
 This wonderful device makes it possible for people of different heights to enjoy the same shower facility . Short folks do n't need to be sprayed on top of their heads . Different sprays also and some water saving benefits .
 We love this shower head . My mom recently moved into a rental and the shower is to low for her -LRB- she is only 5 ' 3 -RRB- She LOVES our shower and we finally found it for her @ Amazon !! This is perfect as she can not install a `` slide bar '' shower head in her new place . This is perfect for anyone as it adjusts to multiple heights . Yes its a little noisy during adjustment ... but your taking a shower ... who cares .
 We bought this shower head to replace another one and it is so much better . The spray is great and the control for changing settings is so easy .
 I love this shower head . It is flexible , easy to install , and is better accomodating to my guests heights in my guest bathroom . You can temporarily redirect it while shaving your legs , etc. . It helps with rinsing out the shower while cleaning too . I have two of these in my home now , and would highly recommend .
 The shower head was installed too high in my new home . We considered several options , and found this one to be the easiest and more budget-friendly one to choose . A side benefit is it is very versatile ; it can be lowered for me , and raised for my husband . It 's been in use for several months and I hope with careful use it will last a long time . One suggestion , use both hands when adjusting it . Hold the wall fixture steady with one , and adjust the head with the other to avoid breaking the pipe in the wall . This is a practical solution , but admittedly not the prettiest thing .
 This is our second one of these and I love it . The flexible arm adjusts for differing heights of people as well as the varying sprays can be customized for each individuals tastes . This also makes cleaning and rinsing the shower a breeze .
 I love My new shower head ... I had a very old version of this kind ... OMG . . sooooooo great ... The people that had problem with this shower head . . all i can say is nothing but wonderfull tings about it . . Plus all the reviews soooo helped me . . It is much better then my VERY OLD version . . It has much more sprays on it ... LOVE LOVE LOVE it ... This is a major keeper ... . Thank YOu Amazon for having all the great things i find on your site ... I looked every where for this shower head ... No place had it BUT AMAZon ... It is true to every thing the shower head says ... A major ten in my eyes . .
 Excellent product . Should be more available in stores . Although it has a shorter hose than the older ones it is still a very efficent showerhead that adjust to just about anyone .
 GREAT PRODUCT JUST WISH IT WAS A LITTLE LONGER MOM IS REAL SHORT AND CAN NOT REACH IT TO MOVE IT
 Works great ! Originally came from using the Waterpik Cascadia -LRB- 2 setting , 8in Rain showerhead -RRB- which my wife broke the flex hose with her gorilla hands . We wanted to get something with more settings and this fit the bill perfectly . We like the flexible hose due to our shower design . Coming from an 8in rain showerhead we thought we would miss it , but this showerhead provides good coverage with better pressure than the Cascadia . No complaints with the water pressure , we DID NOT have to remove any regulator to get adequate water pressure .
 We needed this to replace an old old showerhead in an old bathroom - it 's nice that it fits right into the spot of the old one and is adjustable for my very tall husband . Did the trick !
 I am short and love this showerhead . It is so nice to have the water close to me rather than 2 feet away like other showerheads - Waterpik is the best !
 This was a replacement . We liked the old one and this one does the same thing - allows the user to easily reach the shower head and adjust its height and function.The directions said not to use plumbers tape , but it leaked without it . We asked a plumber and he recommended adding one layer of tape .
 I did not have any leaks . It flows well - better than my old one -LRB- but that could be because of deposits built up in the old one -RRB- . Actually , I think I may just buy another new one to replace my old one . I 'll change my rating if i have a problem with either one .
 Now every shower has one :-RRB- Works fine . Please do n't make us write all these words . It keeps you from getting reviews . I can not spend this much time .
 Wonderful shower ! One can move it up or down depending on one 's height ... and still have 2 hands free . Great for when you do n't want to get your hair wet !
 The Waterpik Showerhead works fantastically . It is easy to maneuver and the waterflow is excellent . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Love it ! We had an eariler model for years and loved it too ! Super easy to install . Very reasonably priced .
 We 've had 3 of these for 8 years . When one of them needed replacement , we could no longer find them in any local store . We found them on Amazon and bought three . I do n't know how long the others will last , but we 're ready ... !! An excellent low-cost solution for showerhead replacement .
 this shower head replaces an older model of waterpik . much improved water flow at all settings . nozzles are flexible so mineral build up can be rubbed off with your hand ... no soaking in vinegar or CLR solution required . highly recommend this product if you want to save water , save the planet , and get your body clean at the same time . buy one for every shower connection in your home .
 My husband and I just recently moved into a new house where the shower heads were placed ridiculously high . He is 6ft and I am 5ft so we were having trouble trying to find a new shower head that would work for both of us . This was perfect ! It easily adjust and stays put to the height he wants it at , or can be adjust all the way down to work for me . It looks a little funny coming out of the wall , but not many people will be hanging out in the bathroom admiring your shower so I figured it was not a big deal . Overall I love it , it works great for a household with different height people !
 I am enjoying the new shower head . I like the fact that I can lower it for me because I am short and others can raise it to suit them . The different pressures is fantastic . I had a swollen knee and I put the water pressure right on the knee and it really helped . I could n't live without it now .
 I have been using this shower head for almost 15 years . I love it because I am short and I can adjust to my height and my husband can adjust to his height . This is the third one I have bought . I would not be without it .
 My grandma actually purchased this ... . we had one like it but we have well water and it rusted over.it has great water pressure options and it 's easy to install ... it 's pretty big though so if you have a small shower this may not be for you .
 We have very low water pressure in our home . This is the only type and make of shower head that truly increases the pressure . Its flexibility is awesome too ! I just followed the simple instructions . I selected to take out that little valve thingy to help with the pressure . If you have hard water they do get clogged in a year or two . You can soak them in a decalcifying solution but at this price I just buy a new one . I actually ordered 2 this time and I might order more because I as so scared they will be discontinued someday . I have bought real expensive ones and none of them work this good . I now love my shower ! Its the Waterik NML-603 -LRB- S -RRB- Linea 6-mode Showerhead with OptiFLOW , Chrome
 Bought this as a replacement for the same item given to me ten years ago for a shower with very low water pressure . After much use and several moves from apartment to condo to homes it was getting pretty tired . The original model was white , and if I had my preferences a white option would still be available . I feel the `` chrome model '' is cheaper looking , as gray plastic hose does not say `` chrome '' to me . However , the product itself is fantastic and I can tell no difference between it and the white model as far as performance . The original model was beginning to leak and over the years mineral deposits had affected the uniformity of the spray pattern . After trying to unsuccessfully clean the outlets , I decided to try a new one . One of the biggest attractions to this shower head is the flexibility which allows for easy rinsing of the shower walls on cleaning day as well adjusting the height to big people , little people and in between people . The spray selection mechanism is slightly easier to use on this model .
 I had read several reviews of this product after I had ordered 3 of them -LRB- two for my shower and one for another -RRB- so I did n't know what to expect . The reviews I had read were either love it or very disappointed . I have had three different models of the Waterpik shower head over the years . Although they do wear out and the flow does decrease with the build up of deposits in the head over time , I keep buying them because I like them . I HAPPY to report that my experience is EXCELLENT !! My only negative comment would be that like most products today it seems to be of lighter and perhaps cheaper quality than previous models . But as I stated this seems to be a trend with most products today . Everyone trying to find a way to cut costs . Bottom line ... the Waterpik NML-603 -LRB- S -RRB- Linea 6-Mode Showerhead with OptiFLOW -LRB- Chrome -RRB- has the best power spray ever and I like the chrome -LRB- plastic -RRB- finish instead of the previous white . Enjoy your head !!!
 Looked for a long time for this product . A little different than my 10 year old model , but the difference is better .
 This showerhead is perfect for a shower shared by someone short -LRB- me -RRB- and someone tall -LRB- my husband -RRB- as it can be adjusted up or down , toward the side of the shower or right in the middle of the shower . I have had this model in three houses and a duplex over the past few years , and replace it with the exact same thing whenever I have to . I have also caught my husband using it to rinse down the sides of the shower , kind of like a hand-held sprayer would work - but I would n't encourage that sort of behavior .
 The Waterpic allows me to adjust the shower for my 6 ' 1 '' height and also allows my 5 ' wife to adjust it to her height . I love the ability to select the type of shower spray from a gentle spray to hard pulsating beads of water . I highly recommend the Waterpik shower head .
 This works great in our small shower . I was a little hesitant b/c of all the reviews talking about how it wo n't hold up . We 've been using it about a month now and love it . I hope it lasts .
 It 's so nice to be able to change the spray and the angle , works great !
 This is fifth Waterpik Showerhead I 've had over several years . When moving into a different house or addition , I ALWAYS purchase one . Guests love being able to adjust height , etc. .
 Product is of high quality and would recommend over more expensive showerhead . The only issue was a defective washer which caused a leak . Once changed , product worked perfectly .
 We have a VERY small shower . We have been trying to determine the best way to `` fix '' the situation . On a whim , we decided to try this showerhead to determine if it would make the shower more user friendly . We have been amazed . Because of the ability to move the showerhead around , we are n't hit with hot water right in our faces before we are even completely in the shower . We are able to shoot the water where ever works best for each of us . We have actually decided we can live with the smallest shower in the world now that we have this wonderful showerhead.It went on easily and works perfectly . I love that I do n't need to be holding a showerhead with one hand while I am trying to get clean with the other hand . It was a great deal that solved an expensive problem cheaply .
 PROs it works great , looks great , after taking the water flow out has great pressure -LRB- with the water flow in it is very weak pressure -RRB- CONs you have to be careful when moving it around since it is an easy twist on type , it easily comes loose and starts to leak water where it connects to the pipe2 reasons I purchased this .1 . I am short and the water pipe is very high for a taller person . I love having the shower head lower to accomodate me and also the tall person in the house ! 2 . I use a single shower stall , it is nice to have the head so close to the wall and be able to spray the walls to wash the soap off . Those hand held sprayers stick out too far from the wall and you need all the space you can get in a single shower stall
 What a great item for the price . had something similiar which would n't stay in place , but this works great . The pressure is good also !
 I bought this showerhead to replace the same one that finally gave up after 9 years . I have a small shower stall and with a standard s/h it sprayed out the door , this one made it much easier to open the door , turn on and not get dowsed with water .
 I bought this Flexible shower head to replace one of the originals I 'd had for about 20 years . This shower head system is fabulous . Great pressure and is flexible to adjust to my height 6 ' 3 '' and my wife 5 ' 6 '' . I tried another adjustible brand and it was terrible , but this one is better than the original . Thanks Waterpik !!!
 I love the new flexible shower heads from Waterpik . They replaces ones 13 + years old . The screw in part is longer than the old one .
 I think most people know the feeling when they are staying at a relative 's house and when you take a shower all you can think about is how terrible or low their showerhead is . This showerhead fixes those problems because of the ease of position customization . I purchased my second of these showerheads in 2009 and its still going strong today . The best parts about it are the fact that you can move the showerhead to any position with ease , which makes taking a shower so much more comfortable and the pressure that comes out of the head is also really good.I thought about buying a lot of different showerheads when re-doing my bathroom but I ended up going back to this showerhead because of how awesome it is compared to any other showerhead that you are unable to move .
 I looked in all the stores for an item like this but could not find anything . This product is great ! It now allows me put the water where I want it . It also allows me to reach the shower head and change the water controls . The pressure is great ! I would purchase this item again .
 I purchased this showerhead to replace an older model purchased more than ten years ago . I almost did n't order it after reading a couple negative reviews but I 'm glad I did . It is as good if not better than the older model . My only disappointment is the `` plastic '' chrome finish .
 Felt great to take a massage shower . . not the strongest pulse but good enough !! I recommend it highly ... you will enjoy it . . !!!
 Sent out quickly and delivered even a day early . However , am not totally satisfied with stability of the extension as it appears not going to last and MY FAULT AS IS NOT LONG ENOUGH TO HAVE SPRAY REACH END OF TUB , BUT THE FLOW IS GOOD AND HOPEFULLY MY WORRIES WILL BE UNFOUNDED
 Love it ! We have well water and have the worst water pressure , not to mention very hard water . We have removed the water constrictor and can not get over the difference . Very easy to clean any debris from hard water build up . We have replaced all our shower heads with this one , even bought for my parents .
 I have had a shower head like this in the past so when it came time to replace the old handheld one we had , I went looking for this type . I could n't find it locally so was pleased when Amazon had it . Easy installation -LRB- no thread tape needed , uses a rubber seal to tighten against -RRB- and you can aim the water pretty much anywhere once installed . I am 6 ' 4 '' and this is the only shower head that I have been able to actually get under . The rest of my family is very pleased with it too so I would recommend buying this shower head 100 % .
 Mother needed a new one . She loves it . It 's so practical form someone who has to use a shower chair .
 We bought this to replace an earlier version that had a longer flexible hose . I need to rinse my shower so the flexible part is very necessary for our needs . It has worked quite well for changing height and direction for all of the different users in our family . I would recommend this product if you need some flexibility .
 The main reason why I bought this shower head is that my shower spout is too short in my shower and I am 6 ' 2 '' so if you attach this shower head it gives you about another foot in height so it works great for me and I did n't have to change anything in my shower .
 I live in the land of short people . While the shower head was a perfect height for me , the little people began to protest and object to the one size fits one . Alas the Waterpik adjustable shower head . Peace and harmony is now restored and with the multiple settings , the little people are rejoicing with cries of `` Hail to the King . ''
 We have a shower stall that is n't too small but this showerhead gives you so much flexibility and makes my shower seem bigger . This is my second one -LRB- my husband broke the other one -RRB- . It 's a good buy .
 This is the 2nd buy of this same product only because it was left behind at my former residence . I am short and do not shampoo my hair every day but love to take a shower . The Waterpik Flex hose allows me to do that wonderfully and if there are taller folks wanting to use the shower after me ... a slight bend of the hose is all that is necessary . My only complaint is that they are not available in the stores any more and they used to come in white , now only a chrome and grey version are available . Other than that ... I love it .
 Not sure about any increase in water pressure , but the versatility alone is worth it . The regular spray is my fav . And it 's great for cleanup ; I can rinse out the entire tub , shower curtain , and walls with it . When 's it coming out in different colors ? ; -RRB-
 I could n't find this anywhere . It is great and has good water presure . Highly recommend
 I probably need to order another one for the future , just in case this one gives out from age . This is a great product !
 I just replaced my old waterpik showerhead which I loved but this one is far superior in both function and design . Increased our low water pressure and looks great , easy to install.Great purchase !
 This is a great product . Had a little problem getting it tight enough on the shower so it would n't leak , but after tightening it we now have no leaks and it works wonderfully . You will not want to get out of the shower !
 i tried switching to other shower heads but it seems it always just creates more work as I put this one back in . Its the best ive ever tried , the adjustable shower arm is something i never thought would be so nice to have , great settings , good quality , though after a couple years you 'll have to replace it if you get annoyed of the creaking sound the adjustable arm makes but its still worth it . Im on my 3rd one in 7 + years .
 I ordered two other shower heads before this one and sent them back . They both had fixed heads which did n't say in the description . I ordered two of the Waterpik flexible arm shower heads , one from Amazon.com and one from Overstocked -LSB- ... -RSB- . The one from Overstocked was a little over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- less but that may have been last year 's model . They both work fine . One leaks a little at the connection .
 I love this product - it is flexible , adaptable , and there is plenty of spray and pressure . The best showerhead for the price .
 This waterpik is the 4th unit that I have owned . But this model NML 603 -LRB- S -RRB- has been the best one by far . If you like high water pressure then this is the one that you have been looking for . If you have low water pressure you can take out the flow regulator and increase the flow . I have the standard water pressure , but I love the massage spray so I took out the regulator to give me max pressure.Also since it will flex you can clean the shower walls , tub and the shower curtains with this model . It looks good to.Buy it and you will never want to leave the shower .
 The waterpik shower head that I purchased was an excellent buy . i had a similar waterpik before this one and this one is even better and deffinately worth the money . I really enjoy buying from Amazon . They have good products at great prices .
 The Waterpik showerhead -LRB- which I received as a Christmas gift from my daughter -RRB- works great , no problems . I especially like the gentle rain-like flow .
 This is our second shower head like this one . Great for a guest room . Fits all different heights . A must have for the price !
 The first one broke before we got it installed , but return was easy and the second one worked perfectly .
 This showerhead is great . Can adjust it and not get my hair wet . Highly recommend it .
 We have low pressure in our upstairs bath and this product made a significant improvement in the quality of our showers . It 's incredibly easy to install -LRB- I 'm not at all handy around the house and was able to install this in 5 minutes . -RRB- And the chrome color is attractive . I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 This item is better than the previous shower head which was good also.I like the adjustable hose connection which allows you to direct the water flow where ever you may want it .
 FOUND THIS LOOKING FOR A SHOWER EXTENTION . BOUGHT ONE IN JUNE AND ANOTHER IN JULY . MUCH BETTER THAN THE SIMPLE EXTENTION I WAS LOOKING FOR . THE FLEXIBLE EXTENDOR IS SUPERB AND THE SHOWERHEAD IS WONDERFUL . I CAN HAVE THE PULSATING HEAD POSITIONED DIRECTLY ON MY BACK OR HAVE THE RAINHEAD SETTING A FOOT ABOVE MY HEAD . AMAZING !
 I was replacing an older model -LRB- 10 years old -RRB- of the same product . The installation is a breeze just pop the old off and screw the new one on . We have been very happy with this model . The settings really messed up on the older model if they were changed daily this new one had a different way of changing the settings which should last longer . The flex hose holds very well and the pressure on the lower setting is still wonderful . I am planning on putting this in all showers . Thank you for such a great product !
 Great shower head that is fully adjustable for all heights . The water variations are great . We have had this shower head for 3 years and love it so much that we used this latest purchase for a bath remodel in a friends family bathroom . Lowes sells it for $ 35.00 , but when we checked it out on Amazon it was only $ 26 and the shipping was FREEEE !!!
 Good flex shower headDrips for a while after turning off shower eventually stopsThis is the 3rd time I bought this type of flex shower headGreat for staying where you want itThe spray is condensed so you do n't have to worry about getting in and out of the shower with the shower onIt must be installed very tight and tools were needed but it did seal after I tighted with pliersWould by again
 The waterpik is such a great invention . I recently moved into a new house . The fancy showerhead that came with the house was installed very high up . By the time the water got down to me -LRB- I am only 5 ft. tall . -RRB- it had almost evaporated ! Just a joke . But the product is fabulous !!!
 WOW ! We owned a WaterPic wall mount shower head before and loved it . We moved to Colorado and could not find it in the stores . What we did find was a Model NML 603 at Amazon.com . We just love this shower head even more than the last one . Love the Pulsating feature , its looks , and ease of installation . The big bonus is that it works great while conserving water . Fantastic product for the price !
 This is the first waterpik that I 've purchased . I was impressed with how easy it was to attach . I do n't have strong water pressure , but the showerhead delivers a fairly strong stream of water . All in all , I 'm very satisfied with this purchase .
 I 've gone through a couple of showerheads before this one . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and with the long bendable hose , it turns any `` normal shower '' into a dream shower . Buy it , it 's worth the $ $ .
 This stuff works great . The people that are saying that there is n't enough grease in the tube fall into 1 of 2 categories :1 -RRB- they have a non-standard exceptionally long screw drive2 -RRB- they are putting on way too muchI ran a thin bead down the entire length of the of the screw drive and then turned around and ran a 2nd bead nearly all the way back down . There is plenty in here . And you get 3 tubes . There 's no way you should need more than a tube-and-a-half if you 're extra generous - I could have gotten away with less than 1 tube . The drive and new carriage -LRB- which is my I bought this in the first place , to lube it up after replacing my broken carriage -RRB- works great .
 I used a non-Genie lube on my previous garage door opener and somehow ended up making the door operation worse than it had been , so I 've been hesitant to mess with my latest opener . But I stumbled on this lube by accident while looking for something else on Amazon , and I 've got to say , application was trivial and the door sounded better immediately . My wife even commented on it . Being able to buy these lubes in a 3 pack -LRB- to be used once a year per the package directions -RRB- , where each tube covers one application , is perfect . And for the other reviewer who used all 3 tubes at once , I think that 's how I got burned previously . It 's possible to over-lube these mechanisms . I applied `` sparingly '' as directed on the packet and it worked out great for me .
 Does what it is supposed to do and works well , garage door is significantly quieter after using this product , definitely would purchase again .
 Genie works great . Have had our opener for over 20 years and it 's still going strong , as long as you do the lubrication maintenance .
 Bought it for my technically challenged neighbor , will review later when his door works . Not sure if I would buy a Genie door opener , Liftmaster is a better product
 If you have a Genie garage door opener , you need this product . It 's easy to use and solves the problem of that loud dry screech when you open the door .
 i replaced the carriage for the screw drive , and then lubed it all up with this stufff . it makes about 1/3 the noise it used to , and works REAL good , worth every penny !
 Three tubes included -- each one is just enough for one application . Worked fine for my needs .
 Lubricant arrived without damaged packaging or any other issues . Three tubes at a very low price . I ca n't comment on performance improvement because I did not have any issues with my garage door . I simply ordered the lubricant for preventive maintenance .
 I followed directions on the tube and it worked as advertised . The clanking and banging stopped on the first try . I hope it lasts !
 the lubricant gets the job done but is to small of a container to lub the whole rod on the door opener you need like 4 of them
 `` Genie GLU-3 Screw Drive Garage Door Opener Lubricant '' works as advertised . Garage door seems to run smoother and not make as much noise . Not that it was very noisy to begin with .
 After enduring much noise from one of my garage doors , I finally looked up what are the correct lubrication methods . Since it is a Genie screw type opener , this is the only product recommended -LRB- however note that people who are familiar with lubrication options make alternate suggestions on the web which are cheaper and maybe fine -RRB- . I also used silicon spray on the door glides . This all helped substantially . However , I find when the weather gets colder , there is still some noise but not as bad as before .
 If you 're looking for a product to maintain your garage opener , this is it ! Easy to apply , even in extreme cold ! Keep this on hand and use as instructed
 This is a really nice tool . It has the best of being a machinist hammer and sledge hammer . The fiberglass handle is sturdy and the 2 sided metal head has a nice fit .
 Works well . Installs easily - great for someone like me who has no mechanical abilities . Only one thing I wish was better
 I purchased this product because my current shower head in my appartment was barely spraying properly . I will state this is not a `` metal '' shower head . Most of the components are plastic , but for the money I really did not care . It is a good product that does what I needed it too . I would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a functional shower head and is not looking to drop an arm and a leg on it .
 I did a full bath remodel four months ago and bought this to go with the brushed nickel faucets . I could n't find any handheld shower heads that I liked better , or at a price I was willing to pay , so I ordered this one.Installation was simple and I removed the flow restrictor as others have done . The finish is decent and goes well with the faucets.It works well and I expect to use it for a long time .
 My last shower massage was a Delta 7 position head . It leaked where the hose went into the hand held part . I took it back and the second one leaked in the exact same place . Could have been the angle of the hose to clear the shower rack we have to hold shampoo and other shower stuff . I liked it enough to put up with the leak . Anyway , after 5 years I was going to get the same one to replace the Delta but they no longer had the Nichol satin color I wanted . The only other Nichol color were very expensive except for the Waterpik and after reading reviews here at Amazon I decided to give it a try . However , when I added it to my cart it changed from Nichol to chrome so I bought it at Home Depot for a few dollars more . The Waterpik is actually a nicer spray with more water pressure then the Delta was once you remove the screen using the inclosed instructions . I gave it a 5 star because it installed easily , did not leak and the water pressure was great . As a side note I needed to tighten the plastic holder to the shower pipe with a pair of pliers even though the instructions say to hand tighten only . The holder would turn when you adjusted the angle of the head . Use caution not to over tighten or it may break or strip the threads . Very nice product for the price !
 The brushed nickel finish on this shower head is plated onto plastic - not metal . So the shower head is much lighter in weight than the metal one I was replacing -LRB- and of course , the price is much lower -RRB- . It actually works very well and I am pleased with the operation and the price . However , I would have gladly paid more for the same model in metal if it was available .
 For the $ 23 I paid for this ... I 'd say it was a good buy . It seems a little more flimsey than I expected but very satisfied so far . Looks good ... work well .
 I purchased this as a gift for my brother.It arrived quickly and my brother absolutely loves it.He said that installing it was fast and simple and it works perfectly .
 I desperate needed one for my 6 month old boy . This one works great - no water drops ! No regrets at this price .
 Works well with pretty good water flow . Very good value . It smells pretty bad initially but after few days it is okay , otherwise no complain .
 I really love this shower head . It was very easy to install using just pliers to tighten it up and does not leak . I did remove the water saver washer thingey so as to have better water pressure , however , as I really like a lot of spray and some power behind it . This has several good settings , but mostly I use the middle range wide spray which is strong enough and full enough to get you rinsed well , but not hard enough to damage delicate skin . The more powerful setting -LRB- which could just about put out an eye ! -RRB- I use only on my back if it 's sore or painful , and I also use this stronger one to rinse soap film off the shower walls after I finish my shower , which saves on scrubbing the tub and shower walls as often . So far I 'm very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this to anyone who wants a nice removeable handheld or fixed shower head with only a few bells and whistles , one that works very well , has several different settings to meet average needs of most people , is reasonably priced , and seems of good quality material .
 PROS-really easy to install-boosted my shower pressure !! - looks really great and doesnt look cheapCONS-none !
 we 've needed a detachable shower head for years now , mostly to make bathing our 4 year old daughter -LRB- looong CURLY hair -RRB- & 5 year old son easier . & this one does it 's job plus more ! the style & coloring is nice , not cheap looking in the least , so far it 's seemed heavy duty & held up to a family of four who bathe & shower usually more than 4 times a day total , & it 's definitely helped in cutting the time spent cleaning the shower/garden tub , as well as washing our daughter 's long & usually impossible hair ! i would definitely recommend this product to just about anyone ! & did i mention how great the price was for such an awesome product ? the free shipping did n't hurt either !!
 Fairly easy to install , doesnt appear to leak at joint . water pressure is reduced a bit and none of the settings increase pressure . Using it as a handheld while shower my disabled son , the hose could be a bit longer for reaching around .
 The design is great with a sharp look which is the plus side to this review.I purchased this from its reviews here on Amazon to replace a cracked plastic shower head . After installing it , I notice the water pressure had reduced about 40 % . I could n't bare it and mix and matched parts with my old set to get it all just right.I would n't buy this again only due to the water pressure issue . Overall settings and look are really nice .
 I was just looking for a cheap shower head and this was the cheapest one I could find so I bought it . It works perfectly fine too .
 I hated my old shower head , so I decided to get a new one . This shower head is affordable , looks nice , is easy to hook up , has great water pressure , good length in the hose -LRB- ca n't count the number of times I 've cleaned the sides of my tub with this thing -RRB- ... It 's an all around great product . Also love all the different settings -LRB- massage , mist , etc -RRB- . The only bad things is it 's harder to get out of the shower now that I have it because I enjoy having it so much .
 My husband has psoriasis and a great deal of it is in his head . He says it is definetly the best one ever . He uses it daily after his shower , and it removes most of the scales . However you must have heard the phrase `` heartbreak of psoriasis '' that 's because there is no cure . It keeps coming back and all you can do is stay on top of it and that is what the metal fine tooth comb does . Thank you for carrying this one , as the black ones just keep breaking.I also purchased the Waterpik shower head and we love it!Thank you Amazon for all that you do.Patricia Nagy
 We bought this to replace our old white shower head that had snapped after 5 years of use . So far , it 's perfect for our needs . I actually bought two , but have n't yet been able to remove the previous shower head for one of them . The one we 're using is great , though . Love it ! We do n't really use it for `` massaging '' purposes because our water pressure is n't extra-strong , but I would definitely suggest this Waterpik showerhead for everyday use . It is unbelievably easy to install , and looks GREAT !
 Length :
 For all those sufferers of poor water pressure , this showerhead does the trick . Ever since we moved into our home , I have lamented over the poor water pressure in the shower.The Waterpik did the trick w/o have to go through the expense and trouble of adding an expensive fix to the waterpipe coming into the house . I now enjoy my showers .
 The Waterpik TRS 553 is a good , basic , hand-held showerhead . It has three basic spray patterns that can be combined for a total of 5 . The basic 3 settings are high dispersion -LRB- good for making steam -RRB- , high velocity flow -LRB- good for general showering -RRB- , and soft massage or pulse . Major drawbacks
 Just received this and installed in < 5 mins . Easy instructions -LRB- including how to remove filter and water flow regulator , need pliers -RRB- , no tools needed for actual installation . So far no leaks . Improved water pressure over previous shower head . Personally , only removed the regulator.Cons
 This product is just as advertised ! I 've had it for a month and it works great ! Water pressure is the best I 've seen in a while , it was easy to install , an no issues thus far . Thanks to the other reviewers for helping me with my decision too !
 I bought this for my college dorm room and it took about ten minutes to install it . Real simple and easy instructions . Works a lot better than the old shower head that it came with .
 We live in the country and have extremely low water pressure in our upstairs bathrooms . The home is less than 5 yrs old , but the the original owners did n't properly treat the water and corroded the copper supply plumbing . I put this in our son 's bathroom , which also serves as the guest bathroom ; and it dramatically improved the water pressure over another handheld we installed last year . I purchased it hoping the `` optiflow '' would help and it did . I did n't even have to remove the flow regulator since it improved so much . Great value that fixed our water pressure problems . Also being all plastic works well for us as we do n't have to worry about corrosion .
 Coming from the point-of-view of low expectations , this product over-delivers . Just got the unit a couple of days ago and installation is extremely easy -- in fact , and be careful here -- YOU DO N'T NEED ANY TOOLS ! This is plastic device and hand tightening -LRB- believe it or not -RRB- is all you need . I would recommend PLUMBERS TAPE though -- I used it in 3 location , main stem connection -LRB- connecting to your pipe -RRB- , then on both ends of where the cord connects . Not a lot of tape , just a 3/4 to full wrap , no more.Even though I gave this thing 5 stars , one thing to note is that the product details show the unit has `` Water Pause '' -- that 's the letter `` I '' on the chart . I would think that water pause , is duh , water paused and none coming out , correct ? Nope , that is not a feature on this unit . I 'm chalking that up to either my stupidity -LRB- my daughter said I was n't stupid , after I said it aloud to myself -- but she 's of course , extremely biased -RRB- . This thing was less than $ 20 and I am using it at a vacation spot for my mom , so not a big deal -- but that was a feature I liked given the fact that it allows you to put on shaving cream , etc. while water -LRB- and specifically hot -RRB- is not wasted/spent . On thing to also note is that the filter screws out -- do n't pry it or pull it out , it 's not clear from the instructions but it 's really easy -LRB- again , no tool needed -RRB- -- but you 'll look at it and probably think , `` yeah , just pull this gizmo out ... '' -- no good . Next , to remove the water regulator -LRB- if desired and not looking to get arrested -RRB- you will need a needle-nose to yank that sucker out . I would never remove it , but I still have the tags on my mattresses and pillows . God forbid.Hope this was helpful .
 At the insistence of my pregnant wife , I replaced our non-handheld shower with the chrome version of this shower head . I expected it to be a very low quality shower head since I purchased it for under $ 20 , but I was surprised at how nice it was for the money . It was easy to install , and it does n't look half bad ! There are 5 settings on the shower head , but the standard spray is all we use . The other four settings are unnecessary in my opinion . The shower head is made out of cheap plastic material , but it does the job . For the money , this was a great purchase , and now I have a happy wife .
 Just installed this took literally no time at all . Pressure was about 5 times as much as my old shower head . Only Con i have is that when changing the settings while shower head is in its holder i tend to spin the whole thing loosening it from the wall . But this is probably easy fix by tightening everything just a little more .
 We bought two of these for our showers , replacing one hand-held shower head and one fixed shower head . We 've been very happy with them.Pros
 Very surprised for the price , this hand shower is excellent . Easy to install andpreforms excellently . Love it !
 I recently moved into a new apartment and was dismayed to find a tiny , wall-mounted showerhead in the unit . I quickly made my way to Amazon and purchased this item , a decision for which I applaud myself daily . The settings are great , it 's amazingly powerful , and the plastic seating for the showerhead is not an issue . Unless you have plans to hang heavy , metal objects from the showerhead , I see no reason not to purchase this product .
 Several years ago a handyman installed what she called a special handheld shower head/hose . I had trouble with it from the start . It had a button to put the water on hold while a person applied soap , but while holding , the temperature would change and give me a cold water shock when I released the `` hold '' . The cord was stiff which made it difficult to hang the shower head if I took that approach instead of the `` hold '' action . I had an adjustable head to allow a person to adjust the strength of the flow -LRB- from gentle spray to forceful massager -RRB- . Being stubborn and rather thrifty , I continued to use that model for four years . Then I had some luck , and the thing broke.How do you replace a fancy gadget with lots of features ? Do you go for a fancier gadget with more features , or another fancy gadget with similar features and hope the new one works better ? I decided that only a few features were important to me . I want a functional hose that does n't prevent me from hanging the showerhead on the hook provided . I want a head that adjusts the flow a little - mostly the mid-level spray and the massage spray for occasional use to ease sore muscles . Most of all I want one that performs as advertised and does n't fall apart -LRB- literally into pieces -RRB- while I am in the shower.So , I carefully looked at reputable brands like Delta and Waterpik . The `` Waterpik TRS-553 Elements 5-Mode Handheld Shower '' stood out among those I examined . This Waterpik satisfies all the requirements I established . The cord does n't get in the way of my placing the head on the hook -LRB- while still being long enough to reach the distance I need -RRB- . The flow adjustment if superior in function to the fancy one that broke . So far it performs as advertised and appears sturdy enough to last a long time -LRB- I even accidently dropped the head onto my solid tile floor , which did not bother it -RRB- . I recommend the `` Waterpik TRS-553 Elements 5-Mode Handheld Shower ''
 This is a great showerhead ! The instructions say that no pipe tape is needed ... BS . Remember to wrap teflon -LRB- pipe -RRB- tape around all threads . I took another reviewers advise & removed the flo-control with needle-nose pliers because I did n't want to have to re-install the showerhead . The instructions will tell you how . I had to make a run to the hardware store after work & pick up tape & needle-nose pliers & I felt extra icky ... It made my shower feel all the more refreshing !! $ 24.00 = great results ! This should last a few years *****
 Super easy to install . Took about 5 minutes . Works great . It is only chrome plated so hopefully the plastic wont crack over time .
 I was tired of my old shower-head spraying water everywhere . The pressure was not good , either . I replaced it with this one and I am very happy that I did . The multiple shower settings are also nice , but not a necessity .
 The product works good after easy installation . Overall function is pretty good and did n't have pressure drop or leakage , which i 'm satisfied with . Besides its performance , it 's chrome-looking finish and extansion hose rather looks cheap . Of course , it 's hard to expect stainless steel finish for less than $ 30 product , but it definately looks like $ 30 product . 5 ' -0 '' extansion hose does n't have spiral steel cover . In overall , it is a good product within the price range .
 The waterpik trs-559 has two water filters inside the attachment to your water line . One is white and the other is black . The manual says you can choose not to install the white one , but pull both of them out . If installed this way I kid you not the handheld is the best handheld shower I have ever used . Without the two filters water flys out the handheld as amazing speed . If installed my way this handheld is worth twice what amazon want you to pay . This product is top of the line better than the 50 60 70 dollar handheld trust me .
 I first used this showerhead at a bed and breakfast I visited and was very impressed by the quality of the shower . I soon tracked it down on Amazon and purchased it for my own house . Like other reviewers that have commented on this showerhead , I was at first a bit frustrated with how the hose hung after I installed it . But then with a couple of cable ties I was able to loop some of it around my shower rack / caddy and voil&agrave; - the hose hangs perfectly next to the wall , thereby conserving space very efficiently in my rather small shower while still allowing me to detach and move the showerhead around -LRB- I too have a shower that only has enough space in it to stand while showering -RRB- . I now recommend this showerhead most highly , even for those who have a very small stand-up shower -LRB- as long as you are also willing to install a shower rack / caddy -RRB- .
 I read all of the reviews and was a little nervous because there were positive and not so positive . I love this waterpik model . The cord is the perfect length and does not stick out . The water pressure is strong . I did remove the flow valve from it . Highly recommended - I can not think of anything negative about it .
 I have a 2 year old and a 5 year old we have to bathe everyday , that was the reason for this purchase . Its perfect to reach all the way to the back of the bathtub to wash hairs of the little ones . Just as well , its perfect for the the adults in the house , and has its wonderful massage setting . A + product .
 This is one of the best handheld shower heads we have ever used ! We love the different settings and especially the massage settings ! Of course , we chose a Waterpik due to their reputation and we were not disappointed one bit .
 Nice hand held shower . It 's very forceful and gives off great water pressure.The only downside is it feels a little cheap and plasticy.But all and all , this hand held shower is one of the best I 've ever had.You wo n't regret getting it at all .
 Great Shower head and great price . Looks good and puts a perfect amount of water . My favorite shower head of any others .
 You can not go wrong with this unit . It works as described and is SO easy to install . I just followed directions and set up was easy and it works like a charm . It said to hand tighten , so I did and was careful to not over tighten . The key is , it 's so easy to install you do n't have to give it extra strength in tightening etc. . Just follow the directions . I only wish I had purchased and installed this unit sooner ! You can not go wrong with it !
 I just got this shower head for christmas and it works great.It took two minutes to set up and there were no leaks . No tools required and it has great water pressure . The hose is still bent but over time it will straighten out and lay flat against the wall . I still do n't understand why people had problems with their shower heads because mine works great . I would highly recommend people to purchase this item for themselves or for someone else .
 Medium size shower head . . there are so many elements to this shower head . I have had it for 5 years and still have n't use it all the modes . Easy to connect , long enough hose and just a wise enough head to wash your hair , body , the kiddies and also the dog . It 's a gives good coverage . . Love it . I had bought a few but this worked out the best . It fit the fixtures in my bathroom .
 No idea what some of the so-so reviews were about . This has great water pressure and we did n't remove any washer/plastic ring people were talking about . Of course our house has good water pressure , so maybe that has something to do with it . Either way , this looks good and works good . Took just a few minutes to instal . Seems like the best deal out there .
 This shower head gives good water pressure . I really like it . The shipping was pretty fast and I would advise anyone looking for an affordable shower head to purchase this one . You will not be disappointed .
 It was much better than what we had before and much better than what I had expected for the price . As mentioned earlier by others , the cord isnt perfect but good enough for us .
 Its really good but realy low water pressure grate ok i have no more to say do yea ik bye
 This is a nice shower head with a variety of settings . The hose is long enough , and it gets the job done .
 This shower head is great and lives up to it 's promises . When Waterpik first came out , I did n't like them as I thought they were too harsh . They 've come a long way . PLEASE NOTE
 If you want to be up to date with the last trends and ideas in the business world , this is a must read magazine !
 This is a great product , I 've had it a few months now and have had no problems at all ! Most of the settings are a little too gentle for my liking , but one of the settings -LRB- I believe it 's the full body + massage setting -RRB- has good strong flow and really gives me that clean and completely rinsed off feeling.One of my favorite features of this shower head is how high it sits . I am 6 ' 1 '' and my roommate is 6 ' 2 '' and the water sprays out high enough that we do n't have to lean over at all to wash our hair . Low shower faucets are the bane of tall people everywhere and this one does a good job of eliminating that problem , definitely get this if you are taller and looking for a shower head that does n't make you bend over to rinse your hair or face.There were some reviews saying that they had trouble with some of the connections leaking water , and this was the case for me right out of the box as well . But that problem is easily fixed by tightening the connections by hand , something you should always be checking anyways . I 'm not sure why people complain about something leaking without checking if it is completely tightened down , it takes a few seconds to fix.The manual will tell you to not use Teflon tape when screwing to the faucet , ignore that and use Teflon tape . Teflon tape will not hurt the product and only helps it to have a tighter seal to stop any leaks.Most of this is made form plastic and has chrome plating , and I believe the hose is rubber . None of this has presented any problems so far , I have n't seen any chipping or flaking of the chrome plating , nor has the hose cracked or stiffened up anywhere . If you left this out in the sun or in extreme heat for a long time you would start getting problems , but if not then it seems to be fine.If anything changes in the future I will update this review to let people know .
 Great shower Handheld for the price . Definitely get a longer hose if you have a larger tub . We have a busy household and this has been helpful for cleaning and rinsing the tub out .
 This showerhead was very easy to install , and works pretty well . Considering the low price I 'd say it 's a good bargain . We 've had it over a year now , and have had no problems other than hard water buildup . -LRB- Not the showerhead 's fault of course -RRB-
 This was such a great price , that I was worried that it might not be the best quality - BUT , IT IS BEAUTIFUL !! It has a very nice brushed nickel finish ; it has a head with several settings , some of which I had never seen before ; but most of all it makes the water come out in higher pressure , so it provides a much nicer shower .
 I found the waterpik TRS-553 of good construction , water flow setting is good in lower water pressure systems.Seems to be easy to clean in hardwater situations .
 for the price , it cant be beat ... however next time i 'd probably spend the extra $ 10 or so to go up a lvl in quality
 Our shower head on our double headed unit broke so we bought this item as a replacement . It was super easy to hook up as a replacement to the original and works great ! Love the pulsing option , it feels great on a sore back .
 So , apparently I have not been getting clean before using this shower head!I replaced an older Waterpik show head , since a lady friend bent the plastic attachment that connects it to the shower pipe , causing water to spew everywhere . This one costs less than the one I replaced -LRB- which did n't a have model number to reference -RRB- , so that was already a good thing . The features appeared to be fairly similar , so I figured , may as well give it a go!This product does everything that it advertises it will do . On the package it says `` Power '' which is exactly what you will get ! My water pressure increased ten fold ! It took less than five minutes to install . I really did n't want to get out of the shower ! If I had another bathroom , I 'd buy another !
 Pretty basic shower head ... processed and shipped right on time . For a basic shower head this thing does the job , good pressure and mind you WATER PRESSURE is based heavily on your cities water pressure . inexpensive but did surprisingly well for me !!
 I read the mixed reviews and purchased this shower head.it was super easy to install , and I did not find the need to remove the black washer flow regulator thingy . . no black water for us!this makes hair washing and rinsing of my 3 year old SO much easier ... great for giving the puppy a bath , and rinsing the shower before we get out to keep the soap scum and mildew down too!we love the 5 different settings - they all work very well . with a little plumber 's tape , no leaks or streams coming from the attachment and the water line.it does work as advertised and we certainly love the difference over a standard shower head .
 Replaced a shower head which did n't come down with this . This increased the water pressure quite a bit and even increased the amount of heat in the hot water . From reading reviews of other shower heads prior to buying this it seems the heat is a side effect of the amount of aeration coming out of the shower head . The lower aeration rate means that I get hotter water . As far as the water pressure it seems to have to do with a regulator inside the head . I originally attempted to take it out to see how much it would increase the water pressure but it was n't as easy as just removing it so I left it in.Either way I 'm very satisfied with this purchase especially for the price .
 Purchased and installed this in my new rental house this week . Although I was skeptical upon opening the package - the handset and mount are plastic and deceptively lightweight - I have been very satisfied with this product 's performance . It immediately enhanced the water pressure in my shower , provides a soft , even flow , and installed SUPER easy -LRB- without even requiring a thread sealant -RRB- . And , above all else , this only costs $ 20 and change!Great value for the $ $ $ , no questions asked .
 I had a Waterpik shower head very similar to this one on which the `` chrome '' started to peel after about 5 years . That 's the only reason that I replaced it . Actually , all that I replaced was the head itself as there was nothing wrong with the hose or connector . You do get what you pay for and this is a cheap piece of plastic as the price obviously shows.However , I really love the darned thing . It puts out plenty of pressure and the 5 settings are simply a plus for me as I tend to use the `` standard '' setting almost exclusively.Sure , it 's built like c -- p , but the price is right and I 'm fine with replacing it every 5 years because I 'm too cheap to buy an expensive metal version .
 I purchased this handheld showerhead in order to better get shampoo/conditioner out of my thick hair , as well as to more easily bathe my dog . Upon installing the shower head , I realized the vacuum breaker -LRB- made of cheap plastic -RRB- was cracked and leaked water . Thankfully , after reading the instructions further I saw that the breaker was not required in my state , and had no more issues after discarding that piece . The rest of the showerhead is well constructed and was easy to install . The chrome look matches my current hardware seamlessly , and the water pressure delivered is pretty good . The hose is not extremely long , but works for my purposes . Overall for the price , I would purchase another one of these units if needed in another bathroom .
 Easy to install and works fine . I like the little scrubbers on the edge as seem to replace a backbrush and overall it feels great .
 This is a great value for the money . The water flow rate is really good , and although the hose is a bit stiff and can be feisty , this is my favorite of all the similar products that I 've owned .
 I have been searching for just this product ... I love your product descriptions ... I always find the information I need to make an informed purchase . My grandson sent me to amazon and I love it . Thanks
 Seems up to par for a lower end Waterpik shower . I was aware that it was plastic when I purchased . The ` chrome ' finish looks to be decent quality . very easy to connect with the included parts , and no problems with leakage . I used teflon tape just to be on the safe side . Does seem to have less pressure in the massage mode than the old -LRB- different model -RRB- Waterpik I threw out a while ago , but the regular spray has improved . If any problems come up , I 'll use the lifetime warranty . Waterpik seems to be pretty consistent in this price range , so I 'm sticking with it .
 This is just what I was looking for in a shower head . The pressure is great with the flow restrictor removed . I may get one for the other shower .
 I chose this item for the price and the brand name . It works fine , just does n`t spray really hard , and has only two settings . Effective at washing off soap . I would still recommend it .
 perfect , easy install , delivered in timely manner , took 2 mins to install , and has great pressure and flow ! quality is ok , it is plastic but so far for the price you cant beat it , no drips , no leaks !
 This is exactly what I was looking for . I did n't want to invest a lot of money since I live in an apartment and needed something that would install easily . I had the old head off and this installed in 5 minutes . Love the different streams , they all feel nice and provide great water pressure . The only issue is the cord - it does stick out and get in the way . I need to take some tape or something to tie it back out of the way .
 easy to install , love the way it is adjustable flow from light to heavy , wife said it the best we every had .
 I am disabled and was having trouble in the shower . I have waist length hair and need a showerhead that can get all the shampoo out easily . I ca n't stand and so I have to use a shower chair . The waterpik worked great . My waterpressure is n't that great , but the Waterpik increased the pressure noticability . It 's a great product and was easily installed . It 's not often that an inexpensive product could have such a positive impact on my life . I would recommend this product highly , especially to those of us that need to use a shower chair .
 The best handheld shower I have ever purchased . I would recommend this product to anyone who takes frequent showers . It is also very easy to install .
 Works just fine . The color is really nice too . The only problem is that the cradle that holds the sprayer is too narrow and keeps the sprayer from going down all the way . So far though everything is working ok .
 This works well . The cord is long enough and the water pressure is adequate . I really only care for one of the settings personally , but that is entirely up to the individual . Very nice for bathing the dog or cleaning the furnace filter .
 For the price , this product has served us well . Definately good water pressure and looks very nice . No complaints since we purchased it 6 months ago .
 This is our third showerhead attempt . Moved into a house with very low pressure in the shower . Tried two other shower heads and one was okay , but took a long time to rinse hair out . The other one we tried had to be returned immediately , as the water literally only dripped out . This one works great on one of the settings , and so we 're very happy with it . The pulse setting and one of the others does n't really work out due to our pressure , but I understand from other reviews that we could pop something out of the head to allow more water through to make it work better . However , we 're happy with the one setting , and do want to conserve water , so we will use it as-is . Some others said the hose was unwieldy , but I thought it was the perfect length .
 Because I read a few reviews of leaking problems , I used plumbers tape and everything was great . Super shower head .
 Other reviewers here have already rated this model highly for it 's good looks and for how well it works . I agree . But I want to give you additional information.I installed a WaterPik shower head -LRB- with hose -RRB- about 20 years ago . It still works but was showing its age . I tried a few competing models ; these worked so poorly -- and leaked so much -- that I had to go back to the old WaterPik unit . I kept searching , until I found this model.One annoyance is that most all available models have a `` vacuum breaker '' which apparently is mandated by law in Los Angeles and Wisconsin . This `` feature '' is intended to keep public supplies from potential back flow . Considering the operation of public water systems , I can not understand how this could be a serious problem . Maybe if the public water system has a serious malfunction and a user of this product was taking a shower at the same time ? But what 's the probability of this happening ... someone felt a law was necessary to correct this situation ? And why is this reviewer -LRB- me -RRB- apparently annoyed over this ? Aside from another product that has been `` over-regulated , '' the problem is that many I 've tested really do `` leak '' water uncontrollably for this reason . This water may drip all over you , your walls , over your shower area , possibly even running outside your shower area . Older models without this feature worked just fine , thank you.Another annoyance on some other competing models I tested is overly aggressive flow restriction . The water output from some was almost useless . Sure , I understand we all want to help conserve water as much as is reasonable . But if you are forced to take a much longer shower because you were n't able to get enough rinse water , no water will be conserved and even more may be used . Those on non-public water systems may experience even more of a problem with poor water flow and would doubtfully need the ` vacuum break ' feature.So here 's some good news along with the ` pros : ' 1 -RRB- This model worked very well to deliver good water force -- very good flow rate with relatively low water pressure . I did not need to turn the water up all the way to achieve good flow and force .2 -RRB- I did not find any water leaking from any of the unit 's fittings . There were no ` uncontrolled discharges ' from the vacuum break , assuming that the model I purchased has this `` feature . '' Possibly WaterPik only provides this `` feature '' on models sold in Wisconsin and California ? If so , good move , WaterPik ! 3 -RRB- The 5 settings -- more than I need -- worked as expected .4 -RRB- Assembly was easy .5 -RRB- The flow restrictor/filter screen is removable .6 -RRB- The appearance and `` feel '' is very good .7 -RRB- The price is reasonable for the quality of parts and overall product design.I do n't have any ` cons ' yet . Hopefully this model will hold up well as my last WaterPik unit did.For those seeking a reasonably-priced relatively simple shower head -- and especially for those on lower-pressure water delivery systems -LRB- private wells -RRB- , this model is a good choice !
 This is a great shower head ! I do n't want to get out ! The mist setting is great to leave on while lathering up . Water pressure is great . Took literally one minute to install and no leaks . It 's perfect . . . A couple of notes
 Works as advertised . Just note that this is NOT real chrome -- just heavy duty plastic with coating . Still recommend it though .
 This shower head was to replace a low pressure/sputtering shower head in my apartment . Now I have a focused stream of water with acceptable pressure . Much better than my previous showerhead 's pressure.For my personal preference I would like a little bit more pressure but a good product in general . When I removed the shower head from the packaging there was a weird smell like other reviewers have mentioned , though after a week the smell has dissipated.The different stream modes did n't leave me feeling impressed . For me the two most useful stream modes would be `` Center '' and `` Fast massaging pulse '' . While the `` Center '' mode was good enough , I wish the `` Fast Massaging Pulse '' stream could have had more water pressure , I do n't want a tickle when I am expecting a massage :-RRB- . Overall this a great addition to a default shower head that comes with apartments.Current Feeling
 Easy install , good pressure , and good quality material . I 'm very happy with this purchase . I wish the combo spray was a little bit wider , but I 'm just nitpicking at this point.I would buy again .
 I wanted to replace my stock old-fashioned fixed shower head with one on a hose , and this was my choice , primarily because it was inexpensive.Removing my old shower head was tricky , simply because the last owner of my house was clearly no genius and torqued up the old shower head to something unthinkable instead of investing in a 10 rubber washer or a little teflon tape.Anyhow , after removing my old shower head I hand-tightened this little baby on the spigot and all was right . I have decent water pressure , and so the shower works perfectly and feels great with no dribbling.At first , the hose retained a weird shape because it was all looped up in its packaging for a few months . After a few days it took on a normal shape . I 'd prefer a very flexible metal hose , but for the money , well , I do n't mind the somewhat stiff plastic hose.My only mistake was that I bought the nickel-colored version . I like the look of the brushed nickel , and that 's why i bought it . And it looks great . Sadly , only now do I realize that everything else in my bathroom is either white or chrome , so the nickel does n't match the other stuff I have . So my advice is to buy the color that matches the rest of your bathroom .
 I bought this for a temporary disability in my family , but I like it so much , I am going to keep using this instead of a stationary showerhead .
 My reason for buying this type of shower head is that it makes cleaning the tub much easier . If I had a pet , it would also making bath time for them easier . The price was right , only $ 2 more than an unattractive white plastic one I saw in WalMart -LRB- shipping included -RRB- . I do n't often use the massage settings , but they seem to work as expected .
 This shower head definitely upheld the positive reviews I read on Amazon before buying it . It has great water pressure , was easy to install -LRB- once I read ALL the instructions -RRB- .
 The Waterpik shower head works exactly as expected and it really needs no tools to install . It 's working perfectly .
 This is a really nice looking hand held showerhead ; multiple settings and easy to hold , due it 's design . I think this is an extremely great value for the price I paid , compared to what I was finding in the local stores .
 This thing rocks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am returning one I bought from a local store for $ 10 more than I paid for this one . I have been through several of these in the past 10 years and this is the best .
 This is a very nice shower head . I enjoy being able to change settings . The whole family loves having good water pressure and choices .
 It is a very good product . Has a nice finish to it . I live in an apartment and there is a world of difference in taking a shower with this Shower head instead of the the regular one that comes fitted when you move into an apartment.Sri
 Well I must admit I was n't expecting too much from a showerhead costing a little more than 20.00 but I 'm extremely pleased with this high quality item . It was very easy to install and it has no leaks and it works great with plenty of flow options . The only drawback is the 5 foot plastic hose does n't lie flat against the shower wall like the one it replaced -LRB- perhaps after a couple of weeks of use it will -RRB- but other than that no problems to report .
 1st , i want a shower not a massage so the only sprays i use are those that cover a majority of my body with a decent pressure . in my opinion , there is only 1 spray like that on this shower head . that spray does n't cover as much of my body as my previous shower head so i docked it 1 star -LRB- 4/5 -RRB- . other than that , i installed it easily . i replaced the previous plumber tape on the house spicket -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , which did n't come with the shower head , and used a wrench to tighten the shower head to the house spicket . no leaks , looks good , and spray is good enough -LRB- but not great -RRB- .
 Title says it . I ca n't see getting anything better for around twenty bucks . It only took several minutes to install from start to finish . I 'm not sure why some folks complained about the plastics , they seem like good quality to me and I had no issues with leaks or anything . You ca n't really tell from the picture but it has a ball and socket joint in the mount that allows you to move the mount around a little , which is nice . I think it 's a great overall handheld but gave it 4/5 because I thought the ` massage ' settings were a bit laughable . The only two I use are the full spray and the mist , and both work very well with the regulator removed .
 The good news is that I prefer this shower head even to the sunflower shower head we have in the ceiling . The bad news is that it comes with a chemical smell that even a month after taking out of the package is still there . I would have preferred if the connecting tube were made of metal rather than plastic . That would be prettier , too .
 This handheld is truly great . It has at least doubled the water pressure without increasing the amount of water used . It is also very attractive , and fits nicely with all of the other brushed nickel in the bath .
 I bought this shower head for my daughters bathroom because we got sick of hearing her complain about no pressure . It took my husband about 15 minutes to install and viola ! No more complaints ! She loves the pressure , only drawback is ot sits fairly high in the holder so she ca n't reach it to change the settings .
 I bought this showerhead to go in our new condo that we recently purchased . The showerheads that were previously installed were not exactly `` the newest '' showerheads available . I bought this showerhead mainly because of the price and hand held capabilities . We love this showerhead so much that I decided to purchase another for the guest bathroom . You will not be disappointed in the pressure -LRB- we have low water pressure in our condo -RRB- . Although , do keep in mind that the entire showerhead is plastic , including the hose , the head , and the attachment .
 I ordered this in the Brushed Nickel version and although the massaging feature is weak , I really do like most of the settings . I have a very large stand alone shower stall so it 's nice to take this off the wall and spray down the entire shower with this very long cord . I think the massaging feature would work better if I was to remove the flow meter that comes pre-installed to reduce water waste . The instructions are detailed on how to do so , so if you like a true shower massage , this may work for you by increasing the amount of water flow .
 We just moved into a new home with water-saving showerheads that made showering feel like an assault with needles , so we were very excited to try something different . I selected this model after seeing that the flow regulator was easy to remove since the water pressure where we live is n't optimal.In terms of water flow , we went from famine to feast . The water comes out so much better with this showerhead and without the flow regulator in place that I may actually try replacing it for a while . The multiple settings are nice , but as others have said , the massage is weak at best . I do n't have any problems with the misting setting , however , and will probably use just one setting most of the time anyway.I wish I would have purchased one of these years ago , as the handheld feature is just what I 've always needed but never knew it . For an overweight person , like me , normal showers do n't always get the job done when your stomach acts like an umbrella -- with this I can rinse my legs -LRB- and more ! -RRB- again with confidence!The showerhead is plastic , though the brushed nickel looks nice and it does n't feel as cheap as I expected . A pair of needlenose pliers made quick work of removing the flow regulator , and installation was a snap once we wrestled the old showerhead off.Less than 12 hours after receiving this I 'm ordering another one for our daughter 's bathroom ! This was the best shower I 've had in over a year , and that includes Caesar 's Palace :-RRB- I doubt I will , but even if I needed to replace this 2 or 3 times a year , it would still be well worth the cost !
 Was a little frustrated at first because no matter what I tried it leaked right where the pipe from the wall and bracket meet . Followed the instructions and did n't use pipe tape . It also says to hand tighten only . A quick call to Waterpik customer service solved the problem . Simply use bar soap and coat the threads of the bracket and pipe . I did use a wrench to gently tighten and no more leaks . :-RRB- Also had a little trouble removing the orange water flow restrictor but needle nose pliers solved that problem and I was able to pull it out .
 I purchased 2 of this showerhead based on average review of 4 stars.When they arrived , they looked very nice and the showerhead itself looks to be very expensive metal , but the cord felt cheap -LRB- rubber -RRB- . After I installed them , I got less water volume than water comes out of my lavatory faucet . I read many other 's review by removing the regulator to increase water volume.I unscrewed it , found the regulator , and removed it . -LRB- I thought it was the regulator , but actually I 've removed the debris filter first -RRB- The water increased but not to my like . So I went back to the unit where I removed the filter and found the actual regulator and removed it as well . Bingo , the water volume is just right at the level I felt like taking the shower.Risk for removing the filter
 I have always loved the Waterpik Shower Massage for relaxing tight shoulder and neck muscles , so when I finally had to replace my old one , I thought this would do nicely.First the positives
 I live in a new condo development , all the faucets run at high pressure but the shower lines are extremely low , not much more than a dribble.This is my 2nd replacement , the first was another brand that developed a serious leak in the head mechanism and incidentally cost twice as much.Installation was a snap . No tools required and water tight , the previous head required some work as it leaked.Performance at this price point is exceptional . Mechanism to switch between various sprays requires little effort and most importantly I can get a decent power spray out of one setting . Considering the fact that this head is working from such a low pressure line , pretty impressive . .
 ... what more can I say . Simply put , a great purchase for me . No installation problems whatsoever , and it looks good and works perfectly .
 Great product . . great price . I have spent much more on a showerhead and have been disappointed . The waterpik was also very easy to install . . only needed a wrench to remove the old showerhead .
 I bought one of these about nine months ago and it worked so good -LRB- and looks good -RRB- that I bought two more for the other showers in my house . The pressure is great , the hose is long so it can reach anywhere , and it looks and feels more expensive than it is . You really ca n't go wrong with it .
 This shower head does n't look like it will last forever , but the price was so low that it does n't matter that much . What 's important is that it gives a really vigorous and satisfying shower . I had several other brands and had to keep reminding myself that I was conserving water , but the fact that I had to rinse for so long to get the soap off defeated the conservation thoughts . After the first shower with this one I ordered another for our cabin . Great product !
 I gave this as a gift . The recipient loved it , once it had been adjusted for maximum force . `` Best shower in years ! `` The hardest thing about the installation was uninstalling the old showerhead , which was ______ . -LRB- Picture using a large wrench over your head and not knowing whether that turning motion is the removing of the old showerhead or the destruction -- in place -- of it . -RRB- Recommended product . By the way , this product , which is plastic , worked every bit as well as our previous metal one .
 I was disappointed to find that this was made from plastic and not chrome even though it looks like chrome . Regardless of its content , it WORKS well and that to me is the bottom line . Based on its construction , it could be assumed that it will last long enough to wear out and buy another new one .
 I love this showerhead . I had a different showerhead and it basically was falling apart . I bought this one hoping that it would be better and I think it will last for a long time . I highly recommend buying this showerhead .
 It is a good flowing shower head and has many different options . My only complaint is that is does n't have a soft/low flow , I use it to wash little kids and all the settings at high pressure and very fast flowing .
 Love this product . It does excellent plus the head swivels so the hose does n't get twisted . I also like the settings . Very good value . It was cheaper than I could find in any store .
 Took all of 30 seconds to install without tools or tape , works great ! The dial is easy to operate even with wet hands that are arthritic . The changeable flow is especially helpful on sore muscles .
 This item is great and well worth the money ! I plan on buying two more for my other bathrooms . Easy to install , and works as stated . GREAT item !
 Great ! Processes refined &#65281; Working fine , feel very good.Will continue to support the manufacturer of the product , and recommend to friends .
 This was super-easy to install without tools , no teflon tape needed , and provides a nice flow - as long as you remove the red water restrictor , as others have mentioned . -LRB- Just unscrew the showerhead , remove the white filter , and reach inside with needle-nose pliers to remove the red restrictor , then re-assemble . -RRB- No leaking whatsoever.Recommended .
 This is not a high end shower head but it works very well . For the price , you can not beat the value . The handle , head and holder are all plastic but seem sturdy enough . I removed the water restrictor and the flow is good -LRB- did not try it with the restrictor in place -RRB- . The only downside is that the pulse setting is not very strong . We replaced a similar shower head with this one and the difference is huge . The old one was weak on flow -LRB- but had a good pulse setting -RRB- . This one is much stronger on flow when using the needle spray setting -LRB- which is what we use primarily -RRB- . If you want a stronger pulse setting , look elsewhere .
 This thing has great pressure . I love a shower with excellent water pressure . One nice thing is the flow requlator is made removable so you can `` clean '' it . I took mine out immediately and was treated to the best shower pressure I had since the federal 2.5 GPM standard was enacted . Thanks waterpik . I will buy 2 more and replace them in all of my showers .
 This handheld shower system is super easy to install and has AWESOME water pressure ! It 's my second purchase -LRB- my first purchase was about 5 years ago -RRB- , and I will never use another as long as this is available .
 Prior to this one , I had a white plastic handheld shower which also had a white plastic coil like hose . Blah ! It required constant cleaning because it would get pink spots on the shower head and hose as a result of lime stains from the water I think . Would have to scrub it with a toothbrush . Very tedious , especially scrubbing the hose . I was almost glad when I saw the hose starting to tear , knowing I 'd have to buy a new handheld shower.I love this one . I 'll probably only use 1 of the 5 modes of the spray but that 's fine . I did NOT remove the water saver thing that 's in it that some people remove for more pressure . I find this to have very ample water flow and pressure . If you look at the shower that is the combo 2 piece shower , the one that 's stationary and has a removable handheld shower attached to it , I believe this is the same as the stationary one on that combo shower , except that it has the hose and can be handheld.I am glad that I got the brushed nickel finish . I was going to get the chrome because I thought it would look better , always gleaming , making everything look clean and because it would match the back plate on my shower knob . For whatever reason , I went with the brushed nickel . I 'm glad I did . I learned afterwards that while the chrome one had a chrome plated handle and shower head , the hose is not the same . The hose is more dull and grayish in color , regardless of the finish of the shower head & handle and it more matches the brushed nickel look . Now , it all matches and looks uniform . I 'm glad I got the brushed nickle finish.A good choice at a good price . Oh ! Some people talked about how hard it is to hook up and/or how it leaked and they had a hard time stopping it from leaking ? Maybe they did n't make sure that they were turning the fitting straight . If I put a sprinkler on my outdoor hose and do n't thread it right on the hose , it too will leak all over . All I can say is that I simply removed my old handheld shower and then , without adding or doing anything extra , simply attached this one - and there were/are no leaks . I did read on the instructions that if you do have a problem , you can rub the threads with bar soap and then screw the shower head on . Just an FYI because I did n't have to do that .
 I live in the desert , I get my water from a well . There is very little water pressure , and the water is so hard I have to clean small rocks out of the traps every few weeks . I thought that I would never have the pleasure of a good shower again.We went through numerous shower heads , expecting them to wear out often due to the hardwater deposits.All that changed when I installed one of these . After removing the water saver -LRB- please , no comments on this . When you have very low water pressure , a water saver cuts your flow down to nothing but a trickle , if even that -RRB- , I suddenly had decent water pressure -LRB- I could actually rinse all of the shampoo out of my hair in seconds rather than minutes -RRB- . That was 3 years ago . That first shower head is still going strong -- longer than any other I had ever bought . I have n't even had to descale it . I did have to replace the hose this year as it developed a leak - but no other problems . So , of course , I have now replaced my two other shower heads with this model as well.I highly recommend this shower head . I have used more expensive models -- they did n't hold a candle to this one .
 If you want to buy a very good showerhead with a reasonable price this is it . The only thing to do is to take out the flow regulator which is very simple to do . You would need a needlepoint pliers to do it , instructions how to do it is in the package . GREAT BUY
 For this price , this is the best shower head you can get . I thought it would be a flimsy piece of junk but it is really a very well made product , a solid handle , strong spray and a long hose . You ca n't really ask for a better shower head in this price range .
 I ca n't understand why anyone had problems with this . I screwed it onto my existing hose -LRB- with no silicone tape -RRB- right out of the box , did n't remove any flow regulator , tightened with pliers , it did n't leak a drop , and the water pressure was just great , so good I 'd long forgotten that my shower could put out that much force . I 'm ordering a second of this model for another shower in my house , ca n't recommend this highly enough . And for the inexpensive price , I am saving a lot compared to the expensive designer showerheads I used to get , mistaking high price for quality !
 Its really goodIts easy to fix . . looks like it is build with high quality material . . No cheap looking at all.The only negative is ... I have only 5 stars to give this one.More over this is my first Amazon review . . Even though I am shopping since years ... this product quality make me to write review
 I 've owned the White Original Water Pik without issues since 2001 until it started having issues of not working anymore over the last few months . It proved to be a reliable item . If this one works for half that time I will be pleased . Of course , I wanted to replace it with the same item , but for a few bucks more , decided to upgrade with this one and I was n't disappointed . This is a great shower ! It has terrific water pressure , too , especially without the water flow adjustment impeding the flow . In fact , the water pressure is so great that I ca n't recommend it for use in a small stall shower . In a small stall shower , with the water on , you wo n't be able to soap up and shower . I do recommend this if water pressure is a problem for you . It is as described and arrived promptly.To ensure that the hose lies down instead of kinking up , when I received the shower , I hung the hose outside on a chair in the sun for a few days to make it pliable . When I put it in the shower , it hangs down almost as it should . With regular use , it will stay as it should . All in all , this was an excellent purchase . I have no regrets . The shower does have a limited lifetime warranty , which is for defects in workmanship , not if the shower just stops working . Plus you 'd have to pay for return postage
 Shower head has 5 different settings , 2 are similiar to 2 of the other settings , but overall the showerhead works well for my needs . Would definitely recommend .
 We 're very happy with this new shower head . It installed in about 5 minutes and boosted our water pressure by about 35 % . It feels very well-built and sturdy and the different settings are great . The only reason we did n't give it the full 5 stars is that the hose can get in the way , especially for smaller showers . Other than that , we will be buying another one for our other shower .
 We are very happy with this shower head . Good pressure and a nice full spray . We are on well water and have pretty decent pressure but we like as much pressure as we can get out of a shower head and this one did not disappoint . We just ordered a second one for our other bathroom .
 I purchased this hoping that it would result in better water `` force '' , and I was not dissapointed . If you need for the shower head to reach the low tub area -LRB- for example , if you would like to bathe pets -RRB- then you will need to purchase a longer hose separately .
 This shower head is great . Water pressure seems good which is a big concern for us and for the price you really ca n't beat it . Instillation was super easy and took less than 5 minutes and no tools . The only thing I do n't love is that it does leak a little but that may be because I was n't strong enough to tighten it enough .
 The quality of this product is excellent . It was just what I was looking for . I would recommend this product and purchase again .
 This is a fantastic hand-held shower head . Love the water pressure from it especially since the area where I live it 's very low to start with.Added plus , is my four legged kids like having their bath with it too . Rinses them off really fast . Could use a on/off switch for that use , but not complaining since that is n't the true purpose of it . Highly recommend and would purchase again
 I got this from Amazon.com for $ 23 . The quality is acceptable at this price . Installation is very easy and just took me 10 minutes . I like it and I will get another one to replace the shower head for my other bathroom .
 It works great so far and ca n't beat the price either . If you are into water conservation then look some where otherwise buy this one . Five settings , chrome finish , and connect in less than 5 minutes for under $ 25 .
 I actually expected something slightly different when I purchased this shower attachment . There are five settings for the shower wand . I only wanted two ; regular and pulsating . Instead I got the five
 We purchased this handheld shower because of my wife 's surgery . It makes it much easier for her to take a shower . The flow of water from the head is very good , although we seem to have settled on one particular setting of the four . We rarely use the other settings . Although I gave a five rating to this product there is one thing that is somewhat annoying . That is the hose running from the supply line to the head . It is very stiff and tends to get in the way at times . However for the price I will not complain .
 I love this product . I bought 2 of them for my showers and they work great . If you are looking for a new shower head here is a great one . I have no issues with water pressure so this nozzle works great . Adjustable settings , and long hose . I love it .
 First of all , let me state that I dislike low flow shower heads . Living in California makes it difficult to purchase , from a storefront , one that is not . The reason I deducted a star from this unit is that the low flow devise is difficult to remove and the hose could be a foot longer . Once the devise is removed , the flow is substantial and that was my main concern .
 The hose is a little short , but it has great water pressure ... Would definitely buy again .
 Took a little work to get up without it leaking but I did get get up with out leek . It provides good pressure and nice massage settings .
 I bought this to make it easier to rinse down the shower when cleaning ... . it works well as a shower also .
 I just received my showerhead and I was impressed how easy it was to install ! It took me around 3 minutes and did n't have to use any tools . the only tool I used was to remove the old one.Now , when I took a shower this thing let me impressed again . In my house the water pipes have a lot of pressure and somehow this showerhead controls the pressure to a comfortable one that wo n't hurt you but will make you feel very good while taking the shower.I have only used the regular shower mode but that 's enough for me . My wife has used the other modes and she likes them a lot.For the price , this is a great buy !
 for what it is ... its great ! I took the water saver out of course : -RRB-
 I love my hand-held shower . So convenient to sit on my shower stool and use this shower . Well constructed . Looks good too !
 This is a great showerhead ! Both the shower spray and pulse setting are wonderful ! Also the adaptability of having a hand held rinse as well as a stationary shower is a real convenience !
 I purchased this item for a friend . I would give this item five stars , but the water pressure is n't quite strong enough to do the different massage settings justice -LRB- even after removing the flow restrictor -RRB- . However , this could be because it was installed in an upstairs shower . It is plastic with a chrome finish , but seems to be very durable . You would n't be able to tell it had plastic construction from looking at it . If memory serves me correctly , it has a lifetime warranty . Definately worth the price .
 this is 100 percent plastic , makes me nervous dealing with it . The variable sprays are nice , one is so wide it shoots outside the shower . make sure you crank on this when fixing it to the water pipe . I really had to tighten it to keep it from leaking . One other reader snapped hers on the install , I was afraid the same would happen . It is a good shower head , not great .
 This showerhead was easy to install -LRB- no tools needed -RRB- and works very nicely . My only reservation is that it is all plastic , in and out . I am concerned that it may not hold up ... we 'll see .
 My apt has low water pressure problem . I tried two different showerheads before , it was terrible . This Waterpik showerheads provides excellent performence . Taking shower is much more enjoyable than ever . I will definitely recommend it to my friends . You will not waste your money for buying this product .
 This item works as described and I 'm glad I purchased it.I removed the flow restrictor as explained in the accompanying directions , and the water pressure increased and is quite stiff.I 'd recommend this item to increase the water pressure of your shower .
 I love the settings on this showerhead and the finish on the handle and spout looks great . The base is , however , an ugly grey plastic and does not blend in well . I am still very happy with this product and I believe you will be too .
 This thing puts out the water . I only use one setting , but I 'm quite happy with how well it works . It feels a bit cheap , but I 'd buy again .
 this is a pretty nice showerhead , it was easy to install . I removed the flow restrictor , which was pretty easy to do , just a yank with the needlenose pliers . The massage is not as poweful as it was in my old showerhead , but it is OK . a good deal all around esp at this price .
 This was a great shower head , and very easy to install !!! Plus it saves water !!!
 Bought this about a month ago and have been pleased with the solid spray pattern . Many other shower heads kind of trickle out and I have a hard time getting soap and shampoo off . I knew before I bought this that it was a plastic body but for the price it services us well and expect many years of use.I give it a solid 4
 we like to use the mist mode , havent had any trouble . i did order this under the assumption that it was metal . its plastic which i may break like i did the old one we had `` not the same model or company `` updating review 6/16/10 - original is finally broken , bought replacement but in brushed nickle . replacement works fine .
 easily installed , wonderful product , ca n't believe it took us this long to spend less than $ 20 to upgrade our showering experience .
 Handheld shower is always much better for girls :--RRB- and it works great . easy to install , and looks nice , too . We like it ~ ~
 I came to an old friends house to help as he was in hospice , and I could n't stand the shower I had to use . He kindly allowed me to order this handheld from Amazon , and I could n't be more pleased , as are the various family members who often stay here . One sister-in-law said `` Who would have thought that just changing a shower head could make such a difference ?! `` It 's easy to use , adds some height -LRB- I am fairly tall ... for an old lady -RRB- , and with the flow restrictor removed , sends more than enough water for a very satisfying shower . In fact , we all like it so well , I ordered another for the second bathroom . Thanks for a great product !
 The water pressure with our old shower head was terrible so I ordered this as a replacement . What a difference ! I can finally shower again in less than 30 minutes ! My only complaint is that the massage feature does n't have enough pressure , but that just might be because our water pressure is too low in general .
 Very pleased with it over all but I wish it had a shut off button so I could save water while lathering or shaving.Wasn ' t sure it had a lo-flo feature .
 Right after my shower yesterday , my old Waterpik shower head broke into pieces . I bought this one to replace the old shower head but I did n't need to install the rest of the gadgets/hose because all I needed was an actual shower head nozzle . The old nozzle screwed off easily and the new one screwed on perfectly . To prevent leakage here , just hold the hose in the up position so the overlap falls back onto the hose and then screw in the new nozzle tightly.This nozzle also fits perfectly into the old holder . This is good to know if you do n't need to replace the whole thing.The shower nozzle gives me several options of water flow which is always nice and it does the trick for me . Eventually the old hose will wear out and I 'll replace that with the new hose . I appreciate the information from the other reviewers about removing the flow restrictor and I 'll do that when needed . The old shower head lasted about 6 years which is quite a long time for a plastic product . It kept me clean for a long time and I hope the new nozzle will do the same . I prefer to use products that work without DRAMA . So far , this works wonders for me .
 I did n't realize how much I liked this showerhead until I showered in someone else 's house for a few months . I was so glad to have my showerhead back . It 's got good pressure - not to high and not too low - just right . It 's got different settings and the cord is long enough to water down the whole tub when I 'm done . It actually serves another purpose as well
 I 'm loving this handheld showerhead . Installation was easy , everything came as decribed by seller . Full force water . Has 5 different spray options but I only use one do n't really care for the others , but I would recommend this product to a friend .
 I absolutely love the convenience of this shower head ! I only use 2 of the 5 settings , however , because of personal preference . -LRB- The mist setting is a bit uncomfortable for me . -RRB- I 'd definitely recommend it .
 The shower head in my new apartment is very low , and the water pressure sucks . This shower head raised the height up enough that I can clean my hair without ducking , and the little vacuum breaker attachment increases the water pressure by a noticeable amount . Massage setting is nice but not great , probably mostly due to the lack of water pressure here . The spray and mist settings work exactly as advertised . All in all , a great purchase at the price point .
 Turned my leaky spigot into a baller shower , amazing pressure , excellent value.Directions make it really easy to remove the water flow regulator ... if you are legally allowed to do so in your state : -RRB-
 I used this to increase the height of the shower head and it worked well . It also increased water pressure which is great . There 's only one setting that I really like , but that 's all I need . I 'm happy with it .
 I purchased this about a year ago . I have loved it ever since . I have not had one problem with it . I would buy this product many times over .
 After purchasing three handheld showerheads over the last decade , this is probably the best one I 've found . The water pressure is above adequate and the two rows of water stream notches in the spray mode provides a comfortable shower experience.Do note that the package does not include rubber treading tape -LRB- Used to seal pipes against the screw on showerhead -RRB- So you should purchase treading tape separately before installing .
 Great product , my second one . Works great , may have to remove the water reducer , as I did . Definitely would buy again .
 This is to replace another Waterpik showerhead I bought exactly 4 years ago . The old one was working but the outer layer of material was peeling off and the there were gross deposits in the seams . So , for a sub - $ 22 piece of eqipment , there is nothing to complain about . I like the 5 different water formations and do use them for different purposes . The one thing I would suggest is that in the packaging , it has an scotch tape like icon with a slash across it , I think it means no need to add plumber tape . But if you have it , add it anyway , it wo n't hurt the equipment but it helps to make a better seal .
 Before I begin , I have to say that the showerhead gives great pressure and gives a very strong , even , and wide flow from the head.With that being said ... The only way to achieve good flow is by removing BOTH the restriction plug AND the filter . When removing only the restriction plug , the water barely trickles out . This is one reason why it does n't get the full 5 stars . Without the filter screen , there is a chance stuff will soon plug up the holes in the showerhead.The other ` con ' is that the hose that connects the shower head to the pipe is very heavy , not very flexible , and has the tendency to stick up off the wall . It would have been MUCH better if it was made out of flexible steel/aluminum piping or a softer material than rubber.In the end though , the showerhead has a very elegant look , has great flow and very easy to switch settings , and does not have any issues with leaks . For under $ 25 - you ca n't go wrong .
 The best handheld shower head I have found ! Nice wide pattern and plenty of volume when needed . I would much rather have sufficient water volume and limit the shower rather than the ` trickle ' of water afforded by some ` low flow ' heads . Sometimes low flow is quite enough , but I need to be the one to decide - not the mfg.
 We recently purchased this showerhead to replace our much more expensive Peerless showerhead that was always leaking . So far we have n't had any problems with this one . The brushed nickel finish looks really nice but it 's not solid metal . It is plastic that is coated to look like brushed nickel . It has a 5-foot hose and 5 unique spray settings . The spray settings are full-body spray , slow-massaging pulse,fast-massaging pulse , combo massage + spray and misting spray . It also has flow regulators that you can install or remove depending on how much water flow that you like . It only takes 2 or 3 minutes to install but I would recommend using some thread tape to help reduce the chance of leakage . The showerhead is protected by a lifetime warranty .
 great product works well even when the water pressure is low . i actually bought 2 .
 Well worth the price . Glad I chose this one that matches the rest of the brushed nickel decorations in this bathroom . : -RRB-
 Very Good . It was easy to install and the multiple modes made for a wonderful shower
 Waterpik TRS-559 Elements 5-Mode Handheld Shower , Brushed NickelBought this , we installed it , and it is wonderful . Perfect for a standup shower , or just to take handheld and spray . Great for cleaning thebathtub too . A truly quality product.Rosemarie - Rhode Island
 simple to install ... did n't need plumber 's tape or a wrench to get it on -LRB- did need a wrench to remove the old head though -RRB- ... does what it 's supposed to ... we have hard water that tends to clog fine nozzles ... this one has n't had that problem to date
 The shower head is made of plastic , but what is n't these days . The installation is easy and the shower head provides several settings . Very good for someone who is not fussy .
 I bought this for my mother and then liked it and bought one for me . It gives good power and has a setting that is fairly wide , so it covers a decent area while providing that power . I know my mother is happy with it as well . I pick one setting and stick to it ... so I ca n't tell you much about the other settings .
 Great product its same as described . Will recommend other to buy the product . Its perfect . One shout buy it for sure .
 Could n't be happier . Great product . I did n't install it , so I ca n't comment on that , but the product itself is great ! Highly recommend .
 For the money paid it is very nice . Cord does hang in the way but I suppose they all do . It is plastic , not metal but all in all a nice shower head . Strong pressure .
 Product was exactly as described and so easy to install took less than 5 minutes !!! Th 5 setting are great as well
 Outstanding pricing on this product . Work great with a strong spray and is easy to use . We are both 73 years old and helps a great deal
 Works well . We especially like the fact we can change the flow of the water . It is doing what we wanted .
 Good product for the price . One thing that should be made stronger is the piece that gets screwed into the wall pipe - it is weak and very wrench-unfriendly
 we originally installed this in our main bath . however , after trying it out , i insisted that we uninstall and reinstall in the master bath . it 's light weight and has great pressure . it beats the more expensive odine model that we bought from home depot . only downside is that the length of the hose seems a little short .
 This is a great item . I purchased one for each of the bathrooms in my condo and I love them . The installation is a breeze , took all of 5 minutes . Plus the directions give you the option to take out the `` low-flow '' filter for areas -LRB- such as the area I live in -RRB- that already have low water pressure . The old shower heads I had did n't give me this option so I had low water pressure PLUS the low flow filters - which meant virtually a trickle in the shower . So nice to take a real shower again !
 I am out of town while on business and could n't take the shower head where I am . After getting permission to change it out , I went on the search for an inexpensive one . My research OCD kicked in and I found myself over analyzing shower heads to the point I could have bought and returned three of them in that time span . It showed up quickly and it was super easy to install . You do not use plumbers tape , we just unscrewed the old shower head and screwed this one on , hand tight , no tools . Woohoo , let the showering commence.The water pressure that was nonexistent in the other one , was not an issue in this one , it was great . I am a one trick pony and stick with the one setting of ` make it rain ' just straight shower , but I did mess with it to see the other four settings , there are two similar pulse-massage settings , if that is what one needs , a straight stream and then a misty spray setting.The only thing I would say , the hose is stiff when you get it out , my husband suggested we sit it in the window to get soft , but I just ran hot water through it for a minute and then after the first two showers it is fine . I have a metal handheld shower back home , and I like this lightweight model better . I was reluctant to buy it based on the reviews that pointed out cheap plastic , but it really is n't like that . The one I have at home was much more expensive and there is no difference between the water pressure coming out or the settings . I am happy with the purchase .
 I really like this waterpik - the hose isnt as long as I would like it to be but it 's a nice shower head . I broke my ankle and while I had my cast on this was a life saver . Now I just love it . My ankle is still a bit tender but being able to move the water source around is great .
 I was quite hesitant purchasing a hand-held showerhead due to lack of water pressure issues in the past.This item 's `` Advanced OptiFlow technology provides up to 30 % more water force '' is true to its claim.If you 're in the market for a quality hand-held showerhead for a decent price and one that looks as well as it performs ... this is the one !
 Love this shower head , it works like a charm and was apparently easy to install -LRB- I did n't do it myself , but from what I saw it took less than 2 minutes -RRB- . Love the rain mode - it 's really awesome . And the massage modes are not too painful either . All in all , highly recommend .
 The shower head is fine , it does n't have much pressure though . It has several different settings and looks nice and the hose works well .
 Already had this Waterpik TRS-559 and wanted one for second shower . This was a good price and is identical to our first shower head . We only use 2 of the 5 functions but they all work . The brushed nickel finish matches the fixtures and overall is a nice looking product for being mostly plastic . My first one has worked 3 years now without problem so I can account for reliability of this product . There is one difference now and that is it no longer has the nicer-looking flexible shower hose with coiled metal . Now it is all reinforced plastic and does n't look as nice .
 Waterpik was the first handheld shower that we bought many years ago and it always worked very well . Then , we decided we should `` upgrade '' and got some fancy-schmancy big ole rain cloud shower thing that was difficult to adjust and to clean . We got rid of that one and replaced it with another fancy-schmancy model that had a bunch of settings , one of which was a very fine mist that I liked . But the jets got clogged easily and it was also difficult to adjust , using two knobs that were difficult to turn when your hands were wet and had to be re-adjusted every time since my husband did n't like the mist . So , back to this new model of the good old dependable Waterpik that has 5 different settings which are all we really need anyway . -LRB- We gave our first one away . It 's probably still going strong . -RRB- The water pressure is excellent on this showerhead , lots better than the old one with more nozzles . And it 's easy to adjust by turning the ring in back of the head which turns easily . And I like being back to a handheld shower because it 's great when I have to clean the shower to be able to direct the water all around our rather large shower enclosure . My husband likes that it sits higher in the bracket than our old shower because he 's tall . The only thing that I dislike a little is that the hose could stand to be another foot longer . Ca n't figure out why they skimped on the hose.My husband had it installed in less than 5 minutes without a single curse word and it worked correctly the first time her turned it on . That 's a very big plus !
 I bought this product because the shower head at my home was too low and did n't have adjustable spray patterns . It matches the brushed nickel piping and blends perfectly . It mounts much higher than the old head due to the length of the wand / head and due to the configuration of the assembly that screws on to the existing water extension pipe . The mounting height is what attracted me to this product . I 'm about 5 ' 10 '' and I can stand directly under it to wash my hair vs. squatting under the old head . The spray configuration is full and robust . Also , there is adequate hose included if you like to use the wand in your hands when rinsing off . I think the price was very reasonable and it has the Waterpik reputation behind it . I would purchase this product again .
 The unit was easy to install , when the water is turned on it squirts out the shower head , it is adjustable and works good , what else can I say ? The only thing is I like high pressure , if you have similar desires step up to the DSL653 and you will be much happier . I cannibalized the TRS 553 for a few parts to get my old 653 working again , all is good .
 I bought this to replace the old one in my bathroom that I use to give my toddler a bath . The shower head itself is great , but the cord is much shorter than the old one was which is a bit of a problem . It barely reaches the tub 's faucet . I am hoping to find a replacement cord .
 Kids love this . I personally felt the tube could have been a little more flexible . It was stiff after few days of use . Connecting was easy , and the number of flexible settings is definitely good . No leaks . Packaging was a real pain to open , needed a scissor and a sharp paper cutter to open it . Why do the packages so hard . I wish this had come in Amazon frustration free packaging .
 This waterpik brushed nickeled handheld shower head was a good investment , but it is cheaply made , and still leaks a bit .
 Enjoy this handheld shower head . Easy to clean and does not clog even with the hard water where I live . Its also very lite .
 Seems like a good buy for the money . Works well - the choice of sprays is nice and it was a very easy install - more trouble opening the box it came in then actually installing it . Might order a 2nd one for the other bathroom . Not much more to say about this since it 's just a shower head after all .
 This is a great item . My mother who is elderly need something she could hold in her hand . This is the perfect item for her .
 This is the best so far - & I 've owned several ! A great shower is truley well worth it ! In more ways than 1 ! Enjoy !
 I had one of these on my locker at school in a high-crime area . It was in an area of the building where a thief would likely not be noticed for at least 10 minutes . It might seem like overkill for a school locker , but in an area where break-ins and vandalism are a daily occurrence , it is worth the extra cost . A thief can easily hide a 14-inch bolt cutter in a backpack that will cut 99 % of the locks that will fit on a school locker and still have room in the backpack to put your stolen stuff . It ca n't be easily cut with bolt cutters or saws , and it ca n't be shimmed at all since it is a ball-bearing mechanism . I would highly recommend this lock if you keep a laptop / netbook computer or an iPad in your locker . When a thief sees this lock they will most likely move on to another less-secure one instead of wasting their time . Be aware that this is a large lock and it might not fit all lockers . The description says that it has an iron shroud , but any modern metal described or marketed as iron is actually steel , which is even better than iron .
 This lock would be very difficult to cut because the collar rides up very far . Very good high end lock at a reasonable price / /
 I 'm doing a bit of remodeling and needed something with a bit more punch to it than just a claw hammer . Did n't want to step up to a full sledge since its mostly inside work so I looked around for a good hand sledge . Looked in local stores ; Lowes , Home depot etc. . Depending on sales , this one is slightly cheaper for more hammer.It has a nice long handle which gives some more swing power . It also feels nicely balanced so it does n't seem to take effort to wield it . So far it has held up well although I have n't really gotten into the big projects yet . But the handle has taken some abuse and still looks good . If it falls apart anytime soon I 'll update but so far I feel like I 've made a good purchase and would get again .
 What can I say ? It is a hammer , a big hammer with a fiberglass handle . I hit things with it and the handle has not broken . I thought the price was fair and the shipper sent it to me in a timely manner . It looks nice hanging on the wall of my shed .
 Yes , it 's inexpensive , it hits stuff real good and does n't break in the process . No vibration/resonation either . It 's a good hammer .
 not much to say other than its a good heavy hammer and gets the job done . and it is cheaper where i bought it on here than at walmart or tractor supply . so its great !
 After looking at hammers at Lowe 's all being over $ 20 , I decided to look on Amazon . Low and behold , a fiberglass three pounder for less than $ 12 . I use my hammer extensively at work each day and have not experienced the handle slipping or even feeling anything less than it being completely solid . The fiberglass handle seems to be great for shock absorption , too . And as long as it is , you 've got pretty good leverage . I had n't heard of Tekton before this purchase , but I took a chance on their SAE ratchet wrench set and I 've also been very pleased with it . As long as Amazon continues to give us `` real market '' pricing , I 'm going to continue to sing their praises .
 I needed a one-handed sledge hammer with some power but not so heavy that I would become unstable if I was on top of a ladder . This little guy does the job . Great construction ! I left it out in the elements for a while and it does n't show any rust . A great tool for the price .
 The hammer is very sturdy and I am pleased with this purchase . I am an equipment mechanic and needed something heavier but did not want to pay a heavy price . I am very satisfied with this hammer .
 This is a great value for the price your paying on the item.Its definitely a strong hammer , and im sure ill be using it quite a bit.worth the buy .
 This is a good quality little sledge hammer that is a fitting addition to my tool box . Well constructed with a 3 pound head and a 16 inch or so handle , which means I can swing it with one hand . Good for driving lawn and tent stakes and with proper padding good for all heavy hammering needs on even finish products .
 This is a freaking awesome sledge hammer . Look at it ! It 's metallic and wooden and badass . I took it with me on a camping adventure that involved a bunch of freaks hanging out in the desert , burning a ham . It helped me drive rebar in to the ground so I did n't go flying in to the air during a big , dumb dust storm . I am really glad I own this .
 it is what it is a strong and steel 3 lb sledge hammer ive theres not much to say the price is decent and the quality is there
 First , a caveat
 I build classical guitars , and used the sander to sand the inner curves on a jig to bend the sides . I was able to put a 9 '' tall by 1 '' diameter sanding drum on the spindle and it worked beautifully . Not kosher of course , but did the job well on the laminated plywood that was 6 '' thick ... took my time and it had no problem . Used a machinist square on the jig and the sanding was vertical over the entire height of the form . Not a production unit but great for home use and lite shop work . Very pleased with the work . Delivery was quick from the Amazon supplier . The unit did come with a manual . The part above that states I am a home improvement enthusiast is balony .
 An oscillating spindle sander is a great companion tool to the band saw . As an amateur woodworker with a small garage shop , this little unit fits my needs perfectly . As indicated by other reviewers , the body of this machine is plastic , the top is laminated particle board , making it very lightweight , which can be an advantage for a benchtop machine . If you are handling large or heavy pieces , you should definitely bolt this machine to the bench . Though the airflow through the dust port is noisy , it is incredibly efficient . I sanded 4-inch thick laminated material from coarse to fine without a sneeze ! Spindle changes are very easy and fast.The 1/2 '' sleeve is very tight on the spindle , but loosens up a bit with use . Its washer also hangs over the sleeve and will mar pieces that are thicker than the sanding depth . The unit has only a 5/8 '' travel of the spindle , which limits the thickness of the piece you can sand . Floor models usually oscillate at an inch or more . As indicated by previous reviewers , it would have been nice to have a storage slot for the washers and the wrench . On the unit I received , the ring holder around the spindle was set a bit low , requiring thin washers underneath to shim it flush with the table . The table was flat and the spindle perfectly perpendicular to the table.I do n't know how this unit will perform over the long haul . My guess is that it is quite suitable for the small home workshop . Large pieces and heavy use will require a more substantial floor model . I give it 4 stars only for the few flaws mention above . For overall performance as a benchtop machine , I give it 5 stars . At the $ 150 price , it 's a bargain . If you do a lot of bandsaw work , or are sanding curves with drum sanders on a drill press , get one of these . You wo n't be sorry .
 First , I 'll skip most of the points made in the previous reviews and simply point out some other aspects of the sander that I like/dislike : As far as the `` whooshing '' noise when connected to a dust collector ; for me this is actually a plus since it lets me know if my 2-1/2 '' dust collector hose became detached from the unit . I use the hose on many machines and can not devote the dust collector to the sander alone . Dust collection is fantastic with my Penn State DC-3B dust collector and Jet two-stage accessory lid for a trash can.With regard to wrench storage ; yes it would be nice to have a dedicated area for placing the wrenches after changing a spindle but I find that simply hanging the from the currently-in-use spindle peg works just fine . In addition , it helps me quickly locate the position for the spindle during a change.The unit is lightweight and portable . Sometimes it may shift if you really push your work into the spindle -LRB- bad -RRB- but you could mount it to the bench with four bolts if this is a concern.Sanding drum changes are a snap and I have never had any problems with them sticking on the spindle . Typical change time is about 30 seconds.Although advertised as 1/3hp , I find the unit is plenty powerful for the work I do -LRB- signs/plaques -RRB- . If you provide enough force on the part , and are not holding it well then this unit is certainly capable of grabbing and launching the item being sanded . Very happy with the power and have never been able to stall the unit.All in all , I use this sander on a semi-production manner on a day-to-day basis and highly recommend it for the occasional/moderate intensity shop .
 I love this machine . For years I have used a drill press with a sanding spindle so when I ordered this sander I was n't sure if it was worth the money . I wish I had bought it years sooner . It is amazing how much faster and more efficient this machine is . I would give it 10 stars if possible . For the money this is the best product I have seen . I highly recommend this sander .
 I knew the base was made from plastic before I bought the unit so that was n't really a big deal to me . Even though it has a lot of plastic , it seems to be well made , runs smoothly and has enough power for a typical home shop . There are definitely better options out there , but not in this price range . This is a budget spindle sander that does it 's job .
 Very easy to use . Can quickly and easily change spindles and sandpaper on the spindle . Good performance . Like the size of the platform that surrounds the spindle . Would highly recommend this product .
 While certainly not a workhorse spindle sander , the Grizzly G0538 delivers a smooth , reliable job . Changing spindles is quick and made handier with the spare spindle holders built into the base . The unit works fine as long as you do n't force-feed your stock into the spindle . Let the tool do the work , and the results are pleasing .
 I do n't have the room for one of the `` standard '' spindle sanders -LRB- Delta et al -RRB- . This one , while lacking some `` fit and finish '' , works well , is small , light and relatively quiet . Hope I like it 's longevity .
 I have a Delta sander in my shop , but needed a portable one for another location . This model was decently priced and so far has worked as well as the Delta . The only problem is the amount of noise generated by attaching a shop vac to the vacuum port ; the limited air flow causes quite a bit of noise .
 Performs exactly as advertised , and at a very good price ! I 'd definitely buy from Grizzly/Amazon in the future .
 I have had and used this unit for almost a year now.The unit is well designed and has not failed me in any way . There are times when the motor will bog down but only under extreme pressure by the user -LRB- ahem ! -RRB- . The sleeves are nicely stored on pins underneath the shelf . The throat plates are a little awkward to get to since they are stored on the back of the machine . Other reviewers have noted that the washers used on differing size sleeves do n't have a place to be stored and they are right . If you get one of these , make sure you rig something up or the washers will disappear.One other thing I would mention , and this is not a drawback to the machine itself , is to stock up on a variety of replacement sleeves . This machine does its job well and therefore fills up the sanding sleeves quickly . I recommend a rubber debris remover to lengthen the life of the sleeves but ultimately they need to be replaced fairly quickly.Only the throat plate storage and the lack of a storage location for the washers bring the rating down to a 4 . The machine itself works great !
 This is just what we want . Works great , Fast shipping , Thank you so much . Barbara
 good product-good value -- i plan on purchasing other Grizzly products -- amazon shipped on time as advertised . This spindle sander has already saved me a couple of hours hand sanding
 I have n't had a chance to use the product much at this time , but what I have used it , it works great .
 i started taking piano lessons at 13 , and we had the vinyl copy of this great music . it was nice to know that it was still available on compact disc . a lot of memories came flowing back to 1970 . i jumped at the chance to get this disc . thank youdarrell worsfold
 An excellent album from the Sixties . James Last 's musicality and arrangements are a delight . A must have . Wonderful music for persons who travel - car , bus , train or air .
 From Thomas Knight -LRB- Filmmaker -RRB- Australia . I have just finished albeit.late , the review of
 Great tasting water . This is the second one I 've owned and will probably buy another if this one holds up as good as the last one did .
 The Bad : The Faucet Adaptor 15/16 - 27 Male Thread sent with the unit was plastic or teflon , in which I personally do not see how this would work with anyone 's kitchen sink aerator because the threads are too soft and WILL STRIP.Solution
 The filter is good and appears to be high quality . I gave it four stars because my facet required the use of the adapter I received with the filter . The adapter was cheap and did not fit correctly . I did get another one from the local hardware store . I can not believe that the company would risk its reputation to save a few pennies on an inferior adapter .
 I visited relatives in Waco , Tx during early 2005 . Their city water had a terrible taste and odor . Shortly thereafter I saw a product demonstration on TV for this Paragon water filter and immediately thought of my relatives in Waco . I ordered the filter for them as a gift . Saying that they were pleased would be a wild understatement . Several of their friends were also impressed with the filter and ordered one for themselves . Time passed and I relocated to the Dallas area . The Dallas city water was also less than desireable and I ordered a filter for myself . That was over six years ago . My filter has worked flawlessly during this period . It is nearing the point of needing to be replaced and I was very pleased to see that Model 3050 is still available.This is definitely a five star product in anyone 's book .
 We absolutly love this filter . We purchased one from sears over 6 years ago and finally had to replace it this year . It is the easiest and best filter I have ever used . Where we live the water is very hard and since we are on a well -LRB- no city water for us -RRB- it can have some sediment in it . This is the best filter ever . We have tried other filters and styles . From pitcher to faucet mount and none are as good as this 5 stage filter . Now it may be ugly , but we have it in our mud room . We fill up a 5 gallon square water holder , that we found at wal-mart , and keep it in our fridge . This keeps the water cold and easy to access any time . We have puchased some refillable water bottles and keep them in our drinks fridge and keep a few on hand for when we travel or work in the garden . I was so afraid that when our old one finally gave up , that we would have to settle for one of the `` replace the filter '' weekly , monthy , what ever , kind and finding this squat little gem again was wonderful . We are now going to buy more to give to our friends and family that are still wasting money on `` bottled '' water . Nobody can believe that such good tasting water can be so easy and inexpensive . The diverter has NEVER failed in 6 + years that we had our old one and the new one has the exact same type of diverter . No little `` pull button '' that quits after a short time , this has a true + type diverter . A handle that you turn sideways to make a + sign to divert the water and then turn back to 1 to let the tap water run . It is large enough that anybody can use it . Even with our hard water it has never frozen or broke . The spigot at the top is tall enough that you can place almost any size continer under it to fill . We keep it at the edge of the sink so you can fill as tall or deep a container as you need . Try it and you will love the ease and convience of setting it on the counter and forgetting about it for the next 5 years . No maintence is necessary . No changing filters , no calling for refills . What you see is what you get . It may not be beautiful , but it works beautifully .
 good tasting water from this filter and easy to install the price was just right for me -LRB- probably will be cheaper within time . definitely a good buy .
 I bought one of thee filters about 10 years ago on one of the home shopping Tv stations . I loved it , it worked great , the water tasted great for 5 years . At that time I wanted to replace it but they TV station were not selling it anymore , I did not think to look at amazon.com DA !!!!!!! Anyway with this power outage , we had in the northeast recently , they told -LRB- when the power came back on -RRB- us to boil or water before using it , and I wished I still had this filter . So I did a search hear at amazon.com and found it . I ordered it and its in transit now . Ca n't wait to get it and get it hooked up . BTW easy to hook up , easy to use . I highly recommend it . My well water with this filter tastes like spring water.UpdateReceived it , It is very easy to hook up , and it works great .
 I love his product - Easy to install and easy and ready to use . Quick adapter makes the connection easy to do , a turn of the faucet and handle and your ready to use . Able to move around on counter-top makes it a plus . I am able to fill those large bottles to make Ice Tea in .
 I was specifically looking for an NSF certified water filter which is inexpensive . This water filtration system fits the bill ! It was easy to install and the taste is much better than a much more expensive water filter I used previously . I am very happy with this purchase .
 Very good . Had several of these for years . Never disappoints . I highly recommend it . I live alone , and I change mine about every 4 - 5 years .
 Installation was very easy . Holds my heavy 36 '' CRT TV and easily rotates and glides with not much effort given the size of the TV . Full 360 degree rotation is very nice , although I only needed maximum 60 degree turn once outside of the cabinet . Can not think of anything negative . Highly recommended .
 We were looking for a platform that could be extended to accommodate our new HD TV -LRB- that we have n't actually bought yet -RRB- . We needed something to mount on our 20-year-old wooden entertainment center , something that could be extended out to hold a TV too wide for an opening built for SD TVs . The Knape & Vogt 1388 not only is strong enough for any widescreen we might care to buy , it handles our old heavy TV just as well . We 've had a problem with glare from certain windows at certain times of the day ; the swivel now lets us turn the TV so that there is n't a problem . In the same way , we sometimes have guests sitting on a side sofa ; the unit extends out so that people formerly out of the viewing angle can see too.Installation was easy , with a little drilling needed to start the bolt holes . Note that the entertainment center we used is an old wooden monster , and heavy enough that the wood wo n't crack and the whole thing wo n't tip over when the TV is extended.UPDATE
 I have a TV cabinet that was not wide enough to house the 46 '' TV I received for Christmas . Since this is a ` swivel ' stand , I was able to position the TV on the base , angle the base , and fit it into the opening at approx . a 30-40 degree angle . When I want to view the TV , I pull it out -LRB- on an angle -RRB- , extend it approx . 6 '' past the opening of the cabinet , and then straighten the TV out for viewing . This was a real money saver . I did n't have to purchase a new TV stand to accommodate the larger TV.The quality of the stand is better than expected . It 's VERY sturdy , and can extend out , and hold the TV firmly , without a problem . The installation was very straightforward.The unit arrived at my door approx . 4 days after I placed the order . I would highly recommend this product .
 I installed this into a built-in wall cabinet . It requires a drill but you simply drill the included 8 screws into the holes on your unit on your shelf , and you 're done ! I did not attach my TV -LRB- 32 '' Insignia -RRB- to the product but it swivels and extends just fine without that step . I could n't find anything that fit what I needed as well as this product , and the customer service was outstanding when I had a question . Definitely worth it if you 're looking for a roll-out shelf for your TV .
 If you looking for well made , heavy duty pullout for a big TV this is the best . I did my searching on the web , bottom line for the price and quality you found the right one .
 This is one of the best purchases I have ever made ! We had a very expensive television armoire which we needed to continue to house our tv - even though we wanted a large flat screen . With this , we are able to `` swivel '' the tv , roll it well outside of the cabinet , and then swivel it for best viewing . Well built , and WELL worth the money !! VERY easy and secure installation ! We can then swivel and roll the tv back inside the armoire , and close the cabinet doors ... great !
 While this pull out shelf may be more than what I needed in terms of maximum weight capacity , it works great , was easy to install , and is solidly constructed . When fully extended , it provides exactly what I needed in terms of viewing flexibility . I know it is designed to accommodate a shelf that can be screwed to the swivel top , but my TV is black and it looks great as is . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This a good sturdy product but I wasted way to much time screwing in the 4 large bolts that were included that you attach pull out rack to entertainment system with . I thought it would have been beneficial if they included the two different wrench sizes that are needed to screw the bolts in -LRB- they could have been cheap ones like the Allen key some products include to assemble furniture -RRB- . I 'm a 37 year old female and I have been capable my whole adult life of doing stuff myself with out a mans help , but this is one of those times a man with a wrench set would have been handy . I have a power screw driver so drilling the holes for the 4 bolts was no problem but a lot of time was wasted using two pliers -LRB- one for bolt head and one for nut -RRB- to turn bolt . There also was n't enough space to turn pliers in a full circle . So I had to repeat turn by repositioning pliers with each 1/2 spin around . Doing it like this was very tiring and the pliers kept slipping several times pinching my palm and leaving a mark . I do not own a wrench set and did n't feel I needed to waste time and money buying one , so this was my only option . I only ended up screwing the 4 bolts in , it was way to frustrating to screw any of the others in . I figured the rack is only holding 35 pounds so this should be more than secure for my tv .
 We just recently bought a 37 '' flat screen tv . Our challenge was finding at 37 '' TV that would fit in our entertainment center . If we did n't have doors that pulled in and out the 37 '' TV would have fit perfectly but with the doors the TV was just too wide . So off to Amazon I went to try and find a swivel base . I came across this base and read all the reviews . It seems this item is truly a life saver for those of us with entertainment centers . We ordered it and my husband installed it . It is truly a life saver . This base is hard , core steel . It is nice and sturdy and well worth the money . You can turn it side to side or pull the whole base outside the entertainment center which I love . I would highly recommend this product .
 This was everything I hoped it would be ! Holds a 40 &#34; TV in a built-in wall cabinet . It was permanently attached to the cabinet base and a wooden shelf was added to the metal plate . We just push it in , close the doors and the TV disappears !
 Ordered this to place in a cabinet and secure my 32 '' LCD onto . Unfortunately , I measured wrong and the swivel was a couple inches too big for the cabinet . Returned the product to the vendor with no issues and received my refund.Otherwise , the swivel was very heavy duty and well made . If it fits where you need it , I would recommend it based on the quality observed uninstalled .
 The order arrived before promised - thank you very much . I mounted a wooden shelf to the top of the slide to accommodate the 55 inch LED TV ; mounted the slide assembly to the top of the cabinet with the supplied hardware and all worked as expected . Good product , sturdy and easy to install.Would recommend highly !
 We bought this to convert an old armoire into a television cabinet and it worked great . It is super sturdy . I do wish I had a better way to anchor it down though .
 Easy installation and works great . The only thing that stops me from giving a 5 star rating is the base being square does n't match the odd shpe of the base of my TV .
 This shelf was bought to set a flat screen TV on above the fireplace . The space was too small so I put the shelf in and attached it so the TV would sit just outside of the opening . This is a very sturdy shelf and the rotating feature comes in handy .
 This product is one of the best purchases I 've made with AMAZON for a long time . This platform is made of VERY HIGH QUALITY . Truly it is HEAVY DUTY and the roll-out swivel platform perform with ease . My 40 '' SONY TV , which I purchased at AMAZON , is located inside a corner entertainment unit whereas the opening is smaller than the TV . With the K & V I 'm able to maneuver the TV outside the entertainment cabinet for closer viewing . I could n't be happier with this product . I would HIGHLY recommend this product .
 Product recieved as advertised . Is of high quality and installation was easy . Instructions and all parts required were included . I would highly recommend this product .
 This is an excellent product and has improved our televison viewing in our family room . Well made and I recommend the swivel slide roll-out .
 I could n't begin to say how , but my hubby used this item to make a swivel that allows one to store a 46 inch tv in an armoire that 's way too narrow for it . He cut a hole in the back of the armoire , for one tv corner to slightly stick out of , but that was my only sacrifice . We 're very happy with it . Wives who hate ugly electronics and wires , and hubbies who want to move beyond 29 inch TVs , there is a solution !
 It was as promised , easy to install and works great ! It was also at a great price compared to similar products . My husband is very happy with his new viewing situation .
 This is a very well made product , very strong with smooth action . Very easy to install . Be sure that the TV is centered on the board that you 're attaching and the metal shelf , weight must be evenly distributed . Wish they have these for half the price ... I could use several more !
 WHEN WE HAD OUR HOME BUILT SEVEN YEARS AGO WE HAD AN ENTERTAINMENT CENTER BUILT IN . THE BUILDER INSTALLED ONE OF THESE UNITS SO WE COULD MOVE A BIG PROJECTOR TV OUT OF THE E-CENTER AND SWIVEL IT TO FACE OUR BED . NOW SEVEN YEARS LATER WE HAD A NEED FOR THE SAME IN ANOTHER ROOM . WE FOUND THE EXACT SAME KNAPE & VOGT ROLL-OUT SWIVEL AT AMAZON . INSTALLED IT MYSELF AND AM TOTALLY SATISFIED WITH THE UNIT AND AMAZON . THANKS AGAIN FOR ALWAYS BEING THERE FOR THE CUSTOMER .
 Searched the web for this product and found it on several websites . Then saw that it was for sale on amazon from a different company . Saved over 50 dollars with this purchase . I was skeptical of the quality of any of these products and the weight it would hold . When it arrived , my mind was changed . Very sturdy and quality product . A friend installed it due to my back problems , but he was amazed at how easy it was to put in . Holds the TV with no worries . The swivel is an awesome feature as well . You ca n't go wrong with this product . The shipping cost and time were awesome as well .
 Good product easy to install and works great , ty
 This product arrived in a timely manner . It was easy to install and works beautifully .
 I am an electrician by trade and I love these gloves . Great fit . Could n't be happier .
 these are the third pair of gel proframers ive bought . i am rough with my hands at work and have gone through other gloves in weeks , but i love the feel and the fit that the 150 's give the wearer . its like having another layer of skin but tough as nails . love this hand saving glove if you work with your hands -LRB- I mean really work with your hands -RRB- then these are the gloves for you ...
 This is a great product for anyone who has to hang a lot of things up.Thin wires mean less damage to walls than other hammer/tackers . As a teacher of English as a Foreign language , I have to hang displays almost daily in order to reinforce grammar concepts . With this hammer/tacker , I can hang up a new display very quickly . The longer reach means that I sometimes do n't even need a step stool.Just place a staple in the center of the display poster to hold it in place , hold down each top corner in succession with a pointer or yardstick and wack the staple in with the hammer/tacker tool.It could not be simpler.I hope that in the future Amazon will carry replacement staples for this model , too .
 This product was purchased for a new addition on my garage which is used to house my new tractor . I was looking for a retractable work light for this addition . After searching the inter-net and visiting numerous local stores I found the Alert 13RPL-20E Pro Reel Flourescent Work Light was what I was looking for . Found numerous work lights on a reel , but most of them were either 30 or 40 foot cord which was larger than what I was looking for.Installation was fast , easy , no problem . After the light was installed the temperature in the area where the tractor is housed was only around 35 degrees , the light not only came on bright , but the cord retracted without any problems . The big test will be after the light has been fully retracted for a long time , normally six months or more depending on use of the tractor , will it retract fully after I 've utilized it while performing maintenance on my tractor . As things appear now , then I would say it will without any problems .
 This was exactly what the toilet seat I had bought some time ago needed . I had trouble finding it in the stores .
 Why does Amazon make me do these reviews ? This was a basic product that worked just fine , the main reason I bought them on Amazon is that I could not find it at a store .
 I have all 5 sizes of ball peen hammer from Estwing , including the ones shown here . They are absolutely stunning examples of what a high quality , American-made hammer should be . These things are literally the finest hammers that money can buy and , in my opinion , are worth every penny.Forget wood handles that will wear out , dry out and eventually need to be replaced . Forget poor balance and checking if the grains of the wood go the right way . These are solid steel , forged as one piece and with a permanently molded , shock absorbing handle . These will last a lifetime , probably several and are so well made that you 'll turn your nose up the next time you see another brand of ball peen hammer.I waited a while to get a good deal , but I do n't regret for a second that I held out for these quality hammers . The fit and finish is unbelievably good , the heft and balance are perfect and they are simply beautiful , well-made tools . If you like to buy quality that will last a lifetime and never let you down , put up the extra money for these and you will not be disappointed .
 this hammer met all my expectations from a great company like Estwing . I fully expect this hammer to last the rest of my life and probably my son 's life too .
 What more can you ask for . This is the hammer I use at work . . so I bought one for home . As long as I do n't loose it , I 'm sure I will have this hammer until I die . Made in America . . no cheap handles to break .
 Indestructible , American-made , shock-absorbing handle , and quality overall . If you 're looking for a ballpeen hammer that will last forever , this is the one to get .
 I love irridescent Art Glass and it 's hard to find lamps where the light does n't face just upwards . I love the adjustable swing arm & tiltable head . The ONLY thing I 'm sad about is that it 's not as tall as the average floor lamp , so hard to use as the single light in a room . But it works fine for bedside/couch reading .
 The BRK/First Alert photoelectric smoke alarms series 7010 are great near kitchen areas . We bought an ionization alarm for the hallway adjacent to the kitchen and it went off everytime we cooked a meal -LRB- that did n't involve boiling water -RRB- . The alarm was wired in , so I had to turn off the fuse everytime we cooked . The ionization alarms register any oil based smoke , even if it is n't visible to our eyes . While the photoelectric alarms register only thick smoldering smoke . So , I would say use the photoelectric near kitchens , but use the ionization alarms upstairs or away from the kitchen due to the increased sensitivity .
 I just replaced eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- - BRK Mod . 4919 smoke alarms -LRB- that drove me and my family nuts with `` nuisance alarms ! '' with the BRK 7010 Smoke Alarms with Photoelectric Sensors . In short , they are wonderful ... not one single nuisance alarm and we 've experienced all of the conditions that set off the older versions . Best price found on Amazon as well . . Joe S. -LRB- Rochester , NY -RRB-
 i wanted photoelectric smoke alarms to replace my 10 year old AC devices . the picture shows a battery compartment - it has one - but it is glued and taped shut . i was a little mislead . i think it is still a great product at a great price and it fits into my existing AC connectors which was important . i still have a couple of ionization smoke alarms that have battery backup . we also have a pretty reliable electric utility , which lets me LIVE with these . it would also be ideal for high ceilings where you do not want the hassle of replacing 9v batteries . i think more people disable smoke alarms because of the low battery chirps than is really necessary . if this sounds like you - this too may be a good selection ...
 Photoelectric type detectors are less likely to be set off by routine activities . I had false alarms close to the bathroom from mist , and close to the kitchen from toast . This pretty much eliminated those false alarms.Environmentally friendlier - Photoelectric detectors are environmentally friendlier when compared to other detectors . The ionizing type is the other type , which uses a small amount of the Radioactive isotope Americium-241 that has a half-life of over 400 years . If you are replacing an ionization smoke detector , you should not throw it into the garbage since it will stay radioactive for over a thousand years . You scan send it back to the manufacturer for recycling . Most have recycling programs.No batteries to worry about - If you have a reliable power grid , and do n't need a battery backup , this is hardwire powered only , so no batteries required . I got tired of the annual game of `` chase down the chirp '' . If you do have a tempermental electric supply , you would probably be best served by getting one with a battery backup .
 We ordered two of these as replacements of earlier BRK units that were wired into our home when it was built some 25 years ago . The earlier BRK units still tested OK and replacement was without discernible cause , other than age.The new BRK units arrived on time , were well packaged and in fine condition.Installation was made in accord with the directions , and required using the supplied connector for each detector . -LRB- The original BRK units had no connectors but accepted the house wires directly . -RRB- The new BRK units tested OK upon installation.Installations of this type are best accomplished by someone with some ` handyman ' experience , as finding the correct house circuit breaker , turning it off , double checking that there is not electric current at the house detector wiring points , making electrical wiring connections when there is no current at the wiring being worked on , returning power to the detector circuit , and doing this safely and accurately is mandatory .
 I had called First Alert who has merged with BRK ... they gave me the replacrment model for 20 yr old smoke detectors that were installed in my home . I needed the photoelectronic type rather than ionized because location was near laundry and bathroom area . I hope I never have to use them during an emgcy but I feel it is a good product .
 works great . I 've been needing something like this , used it the other day , works well , very sturdy ... will recommend it .
 This is a rubber mallet , not a precision electron microscope . It works , the rubber part did not come off as it supposedly did for another buyer , and it feels good in my hands . I think that 's a win .
 Very Solid rubber mallet . Fiberglass handle is strong . This product should last a longtime . The 16oz weight is perfect . I would recommend .
 It 's a great item , but the smell is pretty strong , but it 'll die off in a couple of days if left exposed outside . Overall , the mallet serves its purpose . It 's designed mainly for aiding assembly of constructions and not for hammering in stuff that actually requires a steel hammer .
 i needed a rubber mallet for mushroom plug spawn . I do n't live close to a hardware store and amazon prime gets me items in 2 days , so just easier to order from amazon . I do n't know if $ 7 is a reasonable price but it seemed ok to me . not sure what lowe 's would charge.It 's a rubber mallet . it works fine . i pounded 200 plug spawn -LRB- wooden dowels 1.5 inches -RRB- into 8 logs over 3 hours and had no issues with the mallet head staying on . Seems solid and well made . no complaints here . Will serve all my rubber mallet needs .
 Seems like a good quality tool , it 's not a sledge hammer so I do n't think I 'll be whacking anything really hard , but in the light tapping I 've done so far it seems like it will hold up well . The rubber mallet surface seems to be holding up pretty well with no marks or indentations .
 This is a quality item at a good price ! I used it to put together a bunch of metal shelving units and it worked great . It seems to be durable too .
 Not advisable to use as a chisel pounder . Originally I bought the product to punch holes with a leather punch , but the punch was n't that great , and I resorted to using a power drill . But then I needed to get my ikea ` furnature ' together , and this product was pretty useful . Great for pounding things that you do n't want to dent !
 It 's exactly as described -- double-sided solid rubber head , rugged fiberglass handle , cushioned textured non-slip handle grip . Everyone should have one of these .
 Works great . I use it to pound in metal and plastic stakes when camping . No nasty smell like some others have reported .
 It 's cheap.Are there hammers manufactured that do n't have enough quality to use.Besides kids hammers . . Really , let me know what brands to avoid.This one is fine .
 I ordered this mallet to use in my kitchen to make it easier to cut hard-shelled vegetables such as winter squash and sweet potatoes . I wanted something that I could use to hit the back of my knife to give it a little more power to punch through the tough skin , but that would n't damage it . A rubber mallet seemed to be just the answer . This one really makes short work of the job , and I 'm happy with it.I would have given it 5 stars , except for when I received it , it had such a terrible odor that I could n't stand to keep it in the kitchen . I wrote to the vendor , and he told me that the rubber was still curing , and eventually the odor would subside . I set it away in a window , and after several weeks , the smell has mostly dissipated . It still smells a little , but is now bearable . This is the only drawback , and other than that , this mallet was just what I needed.Inexpensive and useful product , good value , and great customer service from the vendor .
 As weird as it sounds , everyone should have a rubber mallet at their disposal . You never know when you 're going to have a need to `` nudge '' something without damaging it . This is a well constructed tool with just the right heft to do that .
 its a rubber mallet what else can i say nothing to it seems like it would do what its suppose to do ... biggest and only drawback is the smell its stinks up the whole house i tried to overlook but i just cant if i could find a way to get rid of the smell i would keep it -LSB- any suggestions anyone -RSB- ... but it seems like im returning this i cant take the smell . . and who knows this off gassing may not be healthy ...
 My hammer does n't have the smell that another reviewer noted , but still has all of the great function , so it gets 5 stars from me .
 Like someone before me said , it performs its function superbly , but it stinks to high heaven . Takes ages for the smell to dissipate to a tolerable level . Would n't be so bad if you use it outside and keep it in the toolshed , but I use mine indoors to flatten wire in making jewelry . Can be somewhat overpowered by a good air freshener . Be prepared to spray a lot . People with allergies or respiratory problems should think twice about ordering it .
 Does it work ! I tried using a hammer wrapped in a towel . Pound Pound Pound Not satisfied with the results.then I used this mallet . Pound Pound and the work was DONE !
 Kohler faucets are still very nice , and this one is no exception . I installed two of them -LRB- on side-by-side sinks -RRB- six months ago , and they work great - very smooth , no leaks . And they look great !
 The shop vac hose and accesaries is exactly what we needed and arrived in a timely manner . Thanks , a bunch .
 I purchased this hose to replace the smaller diameter hose that came with my shop vac . This hose arrived with multiple fitting ends that had not yet been attached . An instruction sheet was included in order to show which fitting end would be appropriate for your model vacuum . The fitting was easy to attach and fit my shop vac perfectly . Definitely happy with this purchase .
 I Bought this to replace my little 1 1/4 inch hose . Cleaning out my basement while we are finishing it , nothing gets sucked up and it kept getting clogged . This has solved my problem . I have also used it to clean leaves , and dust/dirt out of my garage .
 I received the products as advertised in proper condition and in the alloted time . All was well done .
 I decided to change all my on/off valves in the house to the newer 1/4 valves after on of the old valves leaked . I tried 2 other Compression Sleeve Pullers - and they sucked.The Bleckman Compression Sleeve Puller is the bomb . Works great and very easy to use in tight spaces . A well designed tool .
 I ordered this item and was not sure it would work but it did . I 'm glad I took the chance .
 While it 's not just-absolutely-wonderful quality , this brush is more than adequate for the job . I 've already put it through the dishwasher once -LRB- for general shop guck -RRB- and with shaping afterwards it came through like a champ . We 're very hard on these brushes , and they eventually get all clogged up with bent and broken bristles on the inside . Shop-Vac brushes last a little longer than others.Since we 're a half hour from any store that would carry them , where they might or might not be less expensive , it was well worth the purchase price to get it delivered in a timely manner from Amazon.For more delicate dusting around the house , especially lampshades , I recommend the -LRB- cheaper -RRB- Replacement Dusting Brushwith its soft natural bristles . Both fit our central vac -LRB- Stealth -RRB- as well as the shop vac .
 I bought a shop vac and two extra kits of shop vac tools and out of all the tools I now have for my shop vac , this one is my favorite . The bristles are great for `` scrubbing '' things that wo n't simply get clean by running the other vacuum attachments over it . I used it clean my wool coats and my hats , like a much more efficient clothes brush . The dust came off immediately . It even got dog hair off my clothes , which can usually only be done with those sticky tape rollers . I used it to scrub the built up dust off my bubble ceiling around the vents . It was rough enough to detach the dust but not so rough that it damaged the bubbles . Now the ceiling around my vents are white again . I used it to scrub the built up dust off my baseboards and around my windows.Since using mine to help clean my bathroom , I want another one to use exclusively as a clothes brush . I think one for cleaning dirt and dust and another one for clothes and hats are enough at once.I do n't agree with the review that stated that the bristles ought to be shorter . If he wants them to be shorter , he can always use a pair of scissors and cut them shorter . It 's not that hard to do . For me , if the bristles were shorter then they would be rougher , and I do n't think it would work as well for what I used it for . As I said before , it worked very well for all the tasks I put it to , so I 'm satisfied with it as it is . Yes , with enough use , the bristles could come loose , but that is to be expected . It happens with any brush.EDIT
 Great accessory . It came in quite handy for cobwebbing , cleaning the chairs , windows and all the little spaces . It is a very useful accessory .
 This is just the part that I needed . It was easy to find and the price was less than expected.I was completely satisfied with the speed of delivery as well .
 This a very usefull product unless you lose it.I did ... so I bought a new one . This is the placeto get your replacement parts for you wet-dry vac .
 Useful product that extends the use of our shop-vac . We can reach to areas that were not accessible before we purchased this product .
 I used these tubes to clean my wood shop . I attached them to my 2.5 inch diameter hose2 1/2 '' - 3 FT TO 20 FT E Z Flex Dust Collection Hose By Peachtree Woodworking PW515and then clean all over the place . I compared them to my current wet-dry vac tubes ; these are better made and fit my accessories better . My old tubes kept coming from each other and wobbled , but these tubes are solid .
 Excellent Vendor & Quick Shipper Too !!!! THANKS !!!!!! We will be back for more great buys soon ... Thanks
 An exact fit and all as described , prompt service , I should have bought two more for reaching and cleaning out roof valleys . Good stuff .
 The product is to replace 20 + year old 8 gallon Sears/Craftsman wet/dry vac wands that were lost . Could not find part in Sears Direct . These fit well to the original equipment hose and to the original equipment attachments.The vendor shipped well packaged . Arrived much faster than expected.If you need replacement wands , these are good value .
 I 've had this flashlight for about 4 years . I purchased it because of its visor clip ; it allowed me to mount it on a visor and shine it on a GPS system sitting on the car dash . Nice and bright , no problems after 4 years .
 I am really happy with these bags . They are much stronger than the Craftsman bags I was using and they do not seem to clog as quickly . I can really fill these things up with sawdust , too . In addition to these bags I use a Goretex filter in my shop vacuum that I bought at the big box home xxxxx store ; this filter is as helpful as the bags . One of my vacuums is attached to a cabinet saw with 4 '' to 2.5 '' adapters and I use a 5 gallon cyclone `` bucket '' to limit the amount of bags I have to buy . The 5 gallon cyclone was expensive but it paid for itself by limiting the number of bags I have to buy . I am totally satisfied with these bags . I wish they would go on sale so I could stock up at a better price but I have never then seen them go on sale .
 good quality and good price and fast shipping thanks for a good quality bag that wo n't rip easily . Will help with my clean up
 Fit my Shop Vac brand 16 gallon well and worked great . Held a LOT of junk before needing to be replaced .
 Nice bags . Arrived well packed and with rapid shipping . But , be careful when unfolding the bag and be sure to carefully expand the bag and carefully insert it into the vacuum body , especially when connnecting the hose fitting to the vacuum and fitting it into the bag collar . It 's too easy to create a small tear that will then leak and grow ever larger . They do a decent job with no visible drywall dust exiting the Shop Vac 's exhaust port , but they are a little fragile and at more than $ 8.00 each for what is essentially just a good paper bag they are pricey . I am now using an extra long suction hose , about 16 ' long , and considering using a short hose on the exhaust to route any particulates outside that might escape the much less expensive standard bags . This 6.5 HP Shop Vac has more than enough power to handle the longer hose length and this way the tiny amount of dust that excapes through the much less expensive collection bags can be exhausted outside . If they were not so pricey they are the only bags I would use .
 I bought these for a the drywall we 've been repairing due to two different leaks in our home . They worked okay for the most part . I also purchased the sander to hook up to the vacuum and I was totally happy with the setup . The vacuum did off and on come off so all the debris was going straight into the vacuum . I checked to make sure it was not user error . It was not , it just could have a little bit tighter fit on the rubber gasket that fits on the intake of the vacuum.I probably would purchase again because of the price , and how quickly it arrived . I did n't notice any dust spewing into the air , which is important with a little one in the home . As with any home repair there will be some dust as seen on the furniture .
 I purchased a pack of these filters to try out . The cost seemed a little steep to me for a paper filter but the idea of trapping drywall dust was worth the try.I purchased a Porter Cable drywall sander and wanted to use it with my Shop Vac instead of buying the Porter Cable unit made to accompany the sander . I figured that with the disposable bags my Shop Vac unit should work . If not , I 'm out the cost of the bags.I did a little test . Working in an office -LRB- with employees at their desks -RRB- , I wiped down a file cabinet that was close by . I began sanding a new drywall section near the cabinet . To say the least ... I was amazed . NO DUST residue on the file cabinet using these filter bags.In the past , sanding drywall by hand on small jobs -LRB- one or two walls -RRB- , I would sweep up the bulk of dust -LRB- creating a cloud -RRB- and then vac the remaining . The filter would do its job but clogged rapidly . I got in the habit of bringing two or three backup filters to the job and then take the dirty filters home to wash with a garden hose . This whole process is Very time consuming and messy.The high efficiency dust bags keep about 95 % -LRB- my guess -RRB- of the dust from reaching the hepa filter . I completely loaded the bag after sanding five rooms with the Porter Cable 7800 . When I lifted the vac , I was surprised at how heavy it was . I easily captured a 60 pound bucket of joint compound . More impressive was the fact the filter stayed clean and so did that file cabinet I mentioned earlier . Not one complaint about dust in the office which is even more amazing when you consider `` the one in every crowd '' person that would complain about something!I am more than pleased with the collection bags . They saved me time and money not only on the job , but also in me not having to spend several hundred dollars on a dedicated vac for my drywall sander . I highly recommend spending the money on these bags !!
 I purchased a new Contractor-grade 16-gallon Shop Vac for a big drywall dust clean-up job -LRB- to clean up my new 2400 sq. foot house that is being built -RRB- , and wanted something that would do the job without clogging the vacuum filter and/or motor or spewing dust back into the air . I have destroyed vacuums in the past by sucking up drywall dust , and did n't want to see a brand new $ 140 Shop Vac bite the dust , no pun intended . The high efficiency Shop Vac bag seemed like a great option , especially because drywall dust clings to everything , and figured that I would go through multiple HEPA filters -LRB- if I opted not to use a collection bag -RRB- to clean up an entire house full of drywall dust.The bottom line is that these `` high efficiency '' bags by Shop Vac are simply outstanding . After sucking over 40 lbs of drywall dust into this bag , I hardly noticed any loss of suction from the Shop Vac , and absolutely NO drywall dust made it onto the HEPA filter . There was also NO dust inside the canister - the inside of the canister did n't have a single spec of dust after 3 solid hours of vacuuming ! These bags stop the drywall dust in its tracks , I would estimate that 97-99 % of the dust is filtered by the bag itself . One bag was enough to take care of the entire 2400 sq. ft. house -LRB- covered in drywall dust -RRB- , without stressing the Shop Vac motor.I now use these bags for everything , even general cleaning of dry debris , as the bags keep the Shop Vac filters in superb shape and are very easy to remove and toss in the trash once full . You can fill these bags to the brim without your Shop Vac losing suction power , and wo n't need to worry about changing your filter out every few weeks , even from messy jobs . The bags are expensive , but WORTH it . If you use your Shop Vac sporadically for general clean up of dry debris -LRB- sawdust , dirt , drywall dust , etc. -RRB- , 1 bag should last you several months , and you 'll save $ $ in not having to replace your cartridge filters . 1 cartridge HEPA filter costs as much as 2 bags .
 I 'm a chimney sweep and I have modified every vac I 've owned to use these bags . I need a vac that moves more than 350 cubic feet a minute to control dust . Shop Vacs do n't even move 200 , so I 've never owned a Shop Vac . However I also need to filter down to less than .4 microns . Every other bag I 've tried failed , usually from split seams , because of the stress my vacs place on them . Not these bags ! Also they do n't plug up and cause lost suction before they 're full like other bags do .
 It does what it is suppose to and does it well . I vacuum the household up daily after two 90 pd Labradors . These bags hold an awful lot of dog hair , dirt , debris , etc. and are pretty durable not falling apart upon emptying , etc. .
 add a HEPA filter -LRB- the red one -RRB- and say goodbye to even the finest dust . I used one of these while finishing the inside of my garage with a Porter Cable drywall sanding machine -LRB- also unusually good -RRB- . Did n't even have to move the cars out to sand the new walls ! Very , very impressive .
 I do n't do anything special with my shop vac besides simple garage clean up after a wood working project . These bags are priceless in keeping my shop vac clean and reducing the dust that it spits back in the air . The trap the tiniest particles , and when it 's time to empty out the container , it 's as simple as pulling one of these bags out and putting in a new one . No need to clean the interior of the shop vac . I love these bags and will never run my shop vac without one .
 Okay , how can I say it 's a great bag ? I understand what some may think , however , after cleaning up many different types of nail , glass , metal scraps and shards , and really filling this in my 18 gallon Shop Vac , this thing did not rip . That was impressive . Dust stays in , where it belongs . For the price , I think they are well worth it . I ca n't think of much more to say about a bag , except it fits well .
 As I put in my review of my 16-gallon Shop Vac , using the high efficiency filter and this high-efficiency bag will greatly reduce dust during cleanup from a drywall job or other such fine particulate situation.It wo n't stop the dust from sanding a mudded wall , but it will reduce spreading that dust when you go to cleanup.I pulled back one star because these bags tear when they get about 2/3 full with drywall dust -LRB- that stuff 's heavy -RRB- -- I wish they would make them a little stronger or a little smaller so you do n't have this issue and do n't have to remember to avoid it by stopping short of filling the bag .
 It is a vacuum bag , so hard to rave about it , but it is heavy duty and arrived on time . I would use the company again .
 These filters work well for all the micro dust we have . Everything we have put in the vac has been stopped by these filters .
 I priced these at Lowes . They ranged from $ 7 - $ 10 each . This package was less than $ 15 with shipping . Be sure to check the size of your Shop Vac hose prior to purchasing .
 Great set for the price . Works just as I expected . Bristles not to stiff yet not too soft . . Perfect addition since my bristle brush broke from my Stanley set that can with the shop vac . .
 Fast delivery ! Great for cleaning upholstery and cars . You need these additional tools for any wet dry vacuum to make cleaning much faster and efficient .
 Excellent Vendor & Quick Shipper Too !!!! THANKS !!!!!! We will be back for more great buys soon ... Thanks
 WHAT CAN ONE SAY ABOUT SHOP VAC REPLACEMENT BAGS ? I LOVE MY MINI SHOP VAC ; I NEEDED BAGS ; I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON.COM , BOUGHT THEM AND THEY FIT MY VACUUM AND HOLD DIRT .
 GREAT PRODUCT & SERVICE , these bags are very hard to find and the price was very reasonable too.Thanks for great service and a very Merry Christmas
 Item was as described and shipped promptly . We have had some trouble finding these locally , finding them on Amazon was a pleasant surprise . This is why I love Amazon , it 's easy , correct and shipped right to me , on time , fairly priced . What more could you want .
 These bags are strong ! They hold a LOT of debris without shredding , even when picking up sharp objects . I 've gotten them wet too -LRB- I have a Shop-Vac 90340-00 CleanStream filter in the canister to permit water pickup -RRB- , and as long as you let it dry out before removing it from the canister , it wo n't fall apart on you . Even though they are so resilient , they breathe well . They do not strain the machine , even when they are getting full . By the way , I use them in this machine which I also highly recommend
 These filter bags are excellent if you need to vacuum fine particles such as dry wall dust . While they are not inexpensive , they will prevent what you are vacuuming from being blown out of the exhaust outlet They are a little difficult to install but if you carefully fllow the instructions printed on the bag , you should n't have any problems .
 By keeping the HEPA filter clean , these bags allow the shop vac to vacuum at full power until the bag is completely full . Changing bags is much less work -LRB- and done much less often -RRB- than cleaning the HEPA filter.There 's a trick to getting a full bag out of the vacuum . You have to spin the bag around 180 degrees so that the ends of the bag will slide past the hose connection .
 I use these along with a HEPA cartridge filter . This is a great combination to eliminate the fine dust health hazard . I use my Shop Vac with my router , biscuit joiner , table saw , and miter saw to collect chips and dust . With this bag the HEPA filter stays very clean and should last a long time .
 Pros : - A must have for cleaning up dusty messes - Seems to do a good job of filteringCons : - a bit pricey for what they are - require a bit of finagling to get a good fit - not easy to switch between these bags and a traditional filter . Best to just install and leave until it is fullThere is no substitute for these things . If you have a fine dusty mess -LRB- i.e. drywall -RRB- you got to have one . A traditional filter just wo n't cut it . In that sense they are a life saver . However , if you have small dusty mess it is not easy switch between the bag and the filter . Especially if the bag is a bit full it is hard to get it arranged correctly in the canister if you are switching it out between jobs . I usually just leave it in , but then end up using the bag for jobs where the bag really is n't needed which makes using the bags more expensive to use than if I were able to easily switch them .
 I use this bag along with the HEPA washable filter and I am amazed how well it works . I use this combination whenever I remove grout . I have been using a Dremal drill to remove old bathroom tile grout and replacing it with fresh clean white grout . It makes the bathroom look brand new like I just retiled . Before using these bags the vacuum blew out very fine dust which landed all over the furniture in the other room . But now , there is no dust at all . It all stays in the bag . Plus , the bag holds a large amount of debris so I can use it for many other jobs before having to replace the bag . If you work around fine dust or have to wear a mask then try these great bags .
 Does a great job in keeping drywall and plaster dust in the bag and my vacuum container clean . Well worth the money and convenience when emptying my vacuum , especially after a remodel project .
 I like this model as it has greater filtration than most Shop-Vac bags . They keep the dust inside the ShopVac . We moved into a newly built home when purchasing these and they were put to frequent use . They hold up well and perform as I expected . I would purchase again .
 I will definitely buy them again . The price is reasonable and the bags work great with my Shop-Vac to remediate sawdust in my workshop .
 I have been using these bags for years . The yellow high-efficiency bags are rated to filter dust better than the stock white bags . They are not HEPA but they filter more effectively when paired with theShop-Vac 9033300 Antimicrobial Cartridge Filter.BEWARE of cheap knock-offs/substitutes ! B&M ; Housewares sent unmarked , unlabeled , un-bagged white bags of unknown quality . They were white -LRB- instead of yellow -RRB- , had none of the familiar markings I have ALWAYS seen on Shop-Vac high-efficiency bags , and they felt lighter and thinner .
 Open mouth , insert foot ... my last review . Got them to work and they are fine . Beats the HECK out of cleaning the shop-vac when using on dry pick up !
 I bought this for aVacmaster VBV1210 Detachable Blower Wet/Dry Vacuum , 12 Gallon , 5 Peak HPwith aVacmaster VCFH Hepa Fine Dust Cartridge Vacuum Filter & RetaiWhat can I say - if you hate cleaning the junk you vacuumed , and if you like keeping your tools clean
 These High Efficiency bags are great . I `` help '' the bags before use by covering the end seams with duct tape to lessen the risk of blow out . It also helps to place a few rows of duct tape on the outside of the bag where you may see abrasion from picking up coarse material . These bags may cost a bit more , but they keep the dust in the bag where it belongs .
 Have not used this yet but all reviews state that it will really do the job well . Without specific instruction it will take a little time to install the collection bag into the shop vac .
 I bought the black Friday deal shop vac for $ 20 and these bags turned it into a high dollar wood shop dust collector , absolutely no dust , saw dust , or ashes come out of the exhaust anymore ! I am just here to buy more which I think is the best review .
 I use these to clean ashes out of my Komodo Kamado ceramic cooker . Just wait until the fire is totally out !!! These bags collect the fine ash cleanly and work perfect for this application .
 excellent from start to finish lots of action great acting very understandable story lines but final season blah not interesting wont purchase fifth and final season
 My vacuum did not come with bags originally but these retrofitted fine and keeps the fine dust from blowing out .
 These are a better grade of bag and do n`t rip so easily as the white ones . I save money by opening one end , emptying it , sealing it back up with tuck tape , and reusing these several times .
 I wish I had known about these from the beginning . Even works for graphite with no mess . Just toss the bag when full and you are done .
 This shop vac works great . I find it somewhat difficult to change the attachments , but that I had the same problem with my Kenmore.I like this shopvac better thannmy Kenmore . It has more attachments and does a better job.I highly recommend this product .
 We buy these high-efficiency bags for our aging shop vac , because they work the best . They collect every bit of dust , dirt , debris and fuzz and protect the filter from getting dirty too quickly , and the motor from damage.We do n't bother using less expensive `` regular '' bags , since these are large capacity and not that expensive -LRB- $ 6 each -RRB-
 I love it because it is just what I was looking for . It is really durable too and thats what I need
 Not much you can say about a piece of plastic ... great price , and worked fine for swimming pool vaccumn ! Would recommend for minor projects !
 Never thought I 'd be writing a review on wire . But here it is . I was surprised by the quality of this . I really was a cut above the rest . Even the ends were capped off . I almost bought telephone wire to finish this job off at the hardware store . I 'm so glad I did n't .
 This hammer is well built . It is completely black . My only complaint is that it is very smelly . -LRB- strong chemical odor from paint covering -RRB-
 The reflex hammer is , well , a reflex hammer . There 's not much more to be said . Contrary to other reviews , I ordered the black and received a hammer with a silver handle and black rubber head . It 's nicely made and does not have an odor about it . I did n't pay attention to the texture on the head , however , and it took me by surprise . It 's not a big deal but I would n't have necessarily chosen it . Otherwise it is a satisfactory product and it gets the job done .
 great for practice ! Helped a lot with my nursing assessment lab . Cheap but works great ! would recommend it for sure !
 Bought this for my physical diagnosis class . Works just as advertised and I would n't expect otherwise . Do n't know how you could mess this one up .
 The pictures do n't make it very clear , but the red version has a woodgrain texture on the rubber head . Since I only bought one , I 'm not sure if the other options have the same texture . There is n't a noticeable smell to the rubber until you stick your nose right up to it . The handle is comfortable , mine does not seem to have the sharp edges that one reviewer complained of . I gave it a quick test and was easily able to elicit a patellar reflex from my cat . It seems a sufficient weight for veterinary use , but I have no experience with human medicine so I ca n't speak for its effectiveness in that area . For less than $ 3 , I think it will make a great hammer for my upcoming clinics and I wo n't be too broken-hearted when a resident inevitably pockets it by mistake .
 Not a very expensive piece of equipment and does what it 's advertised to do . After all , it is a very primitive tool . Ca n't complain .
 This is a good reflex hammer for any novice/experienced practitioner . It has n't failed to elicit a neuromotor response yet , fortunately .
 I 'm no doctor , but this thing works ! I use it for useless measures to make sure everything is going well with my health . The only minor problem is it seems too rubbery . When I go to the doctors , their 's seems harder and easier to hit the nerve . Great for the price .
 Ca n't complain for the price of several dollars . The handle has slightly sharp boxy edges , though , which while do not cut you , degrade the impression of quality . Also , the handle , while apparently metal , is very light and I wish it had a little more substance . But for several dollars you ca n't go wrong unless you 're going into Neurology/NSU/Ortho ...
 I bought this for my wife in her nursing program . She was satisfied with the quality and I was happy with the price .
 Doing a complete PE requires this instrument ... a good functional product at a competitive price ! I would highly recommend this site for many assessment product needs .
 I picked up about 10 of these for a neurological activity in my anatomy class . They 're well balanced , pretty structurally sound -LRB- remember that I have students continually using them -RRB- , and a great price at a couple dollars each .
 Arrived just in time to practice for my Advanced Health Assessment final exam . This is a good reflex hammer . Color does n't affect the functioning of the item but it is marketed as dark green , the product I received is plain green .
 Nice little reflex hammer than does everything it needs to do . The black one has a black handle that looks unique and the plastic thankfully does n't smear . Nice !
 The hammer is cheap , but effective . -LRB- Incidentally , the entire hammer is black , not just the rubber part -RRB- . Overall , I am very pleased with it . However , the packaging was not handled well , which caused the glue between the rubber and handle to melt en route . That required some clean-up , but the hammer is still usable .
 This little flashlight powered by 2 AA cells -LRB- standard , alkaline , or rechargeable -RRB- is as close to perfect for many purposes as I have ever seen . I bought my first one nearly 30 years ago for backpacking , and it still works fine ! I have upgraded it to the brighter krypton bulb , with apologies to Clark Kent . Small , light , bright , highly reliable and tough , rectangular so it wo n't roll away from you and can be stood up on either the narrow or wide side or even the back end . I have used it for tying flies to a leader , holding it in my teeth in the middle of a roaring river , and for traveling worldwide . Headlamps are nice for some things , but not as versatile or compact . You can slip it in a shirt pocket or jeans pocket , and I have never had it turn on by itself to run down the batteries while in your suitcase . Easy to find in the dark . Wow ! Like I said , perfect !
 Are there `` better '' flashlights out there today , since Duracell brought out this little rectangular classic that takes 2 `` AA '' batteries ? Ok , that 's a redundant question.The bottom line is that this coppertop does n't have many bells and whistles . Its not waterproof , does n't float , or have the latest in beam focusing technology . Nor does it use LEDs or have glow-in-the-dark features , but somehow Duracell 's timeless design with this compact flashlight has hit the sweet spot for many folks.My personal take is that the rectangular shape fits the hand -LRB- and pocket -RRB- nicely , does n't roll , fits glove compartments and pullout drawers easily , and the beam is more than sufficient for home-based emergencies where you need a decent beam on the cheap . And , its been reliable ! I 've had my original flashlight now for 23 years and I picked up another 5 from Amazon , when they became available -LRB- which they do , from time to time , but you will have to wait ! Just add it to your wishlist so Amazon sees the demand , and they will restock it eventually . I waited 3 months before it was restocked , but it was worth the wait -RRB- . The newer ones were built identically to the original I have.Expect to get about 14 hours of continuous usable light with a standard pair of `` AA '' duracells or -LRB- gasp -RRB- energizers .
 During the power outage we just experienced -LRB- 8/14/03 -RRB- I pulled out four flashlights . This one was in my nighttable since I do n't know when . It was the only one that went on . I even changed the batteries in two of the others , and nothing . But with this little flashlight I read by it , walked by it , etc. , Great little clear bright light . Then I was able to borrow another flashlight which turned out to be Duracell 's larger flashlight -- that was great , too . Am stocking up for every room in the house .
 What can I say , it works , it fits and it was the missing attachment for my 16 year old vaccuum .
 Product is good gauge plastic . Good for household and garage use . I wanted to use it to vacuum my car , but the crevices in the car are more narrow than the tool .
 I have painted my popcorn ceilings in the past with a regular roller and it m , akes a huge mess . I did some research and discovered these types of rollers and immediately ordered one from Amazon . It makes the job so much better I 'm finally going to paint my last two ceilings . Highly recommended .
 i needed this for my shop vac to keep the deck cleaned off and the price was better than walmart .
 My wife got me a micro cleaning set for Christmas two years ago . Since then , I 've found it is one of the handiest tools in my shop . Simply put , it makes my shop vac much more useful . I can get into tight places and concentrate the suction power of my vac in a way that I could n't possibly do otherwise . Before changing the spark plugs in my truck , I used the micro cleaning tools to suck out all the dirt and debris around the old plugs , which otherwise would have fallen into to the engine . I 've used it to clean out tools and electronics equipment , and I have found it works great for doing a thorough cleaning of my car 's interior . I 've even used it to clean all the gunk out my chainsaws ! I 've been so happy with it that my wife is giving kits to her father and two brother-in-laws for Christmas this year .
 To use this you need Shop-Vac 906-85-00 2.5 '' to 1.25 '' Conversion Unit . Imagine the suction of your Shop-Vac pulling through the tip the size of a pencil ! That gives you an idea of the cleaning ability you can get with this add on kit . We had broken glass from a shattered windshield of our van - in the heater ducts , the recessed speaker enclosures , EVERYWHERE ! We used the micro kit in conjunction with our regular size Shop Vac and were able to get all of the glass from these hard to reach places . You can regulate the suction by how close or far away you hold it from the item to be cleaned . Extraordinarily functional for all kinds of needs .
 Length :
 With the shop vac micro cleaning kit I can use the power of my shop vac to clean out the inside of my computer case . I had been wasting money every month on cans of air to blow dust off the heat sinks and fan blades or just to clean the keyboard but this kit turns my shop vac into the ultimate computer cleaning machine.The kit includes two extentions and two different sized brushes that also allow you to clean out a ps3 , xbox 360 or vcr . The first time I cleaned my 360 it blew a huge dust cloud out all over . I could n't believe how dusty it was inside!This kit pays for itself in the money it saves on canned air . I highly recommend it !
 $ 12.87 at Walmart in Buena Park , Ca.Sears Craftsman version is $ 14.99 . Come on Amazon , got ta get that pricing right . That is a huge difference percentage-wise .
 This is an excellent little kit for use of your Shop-Vac . You can get into crevices and the smallest areas of your John Deere tractor without damaging anything . Can be used on electronic equipment , too .
 I bought the micro tools to use on my computer and electronics , but I found that I LOVE them for getting into tight spaces in the car , especially the space between the seat and the door . I love the edging tool for vacuuming the edge of the carpet where it meets the car door frame . The tiny tools are also great for the spaces around seat belt buckles and along the metal seat sliders under the seat . I have two kids , so my back seat is always messy with crumbs , glitter , silty dirt from shoes , etc. . These tools help me to go the extra mile is making my car look clean and neat . The micro tool brushes are great for cleaning the buttons around the radio and A/C controls -- dust that my electrostatic duster did n't pick up . I highly recommend this purchase . And they 're great for the computer , too !
 Very good for hard to reach and hard to see places . Many uses !!
 I bought this for my mini shop vac and it is perfect for small places like under car seats or keyboards . Good price and works perfectly . Can buy a converter for larger hoses for a few dollars also .
 What a great little set of tools ! We have really enjoyed the micro cleaning set for both vacuuming in small spaces -LRB- even used it to suck water out of a pipe that needed soldering once ! -RRB- and blowing . Better than buying cans of air - just let the shop vac blow a little bit before you get it near something important as dust comes out first .
 I have had ShopVac vacuums before and they never disappoint me . This one it 's not the exception . When I received the package I thought it was too small , but as soon as I put it to work it was really up to the task . I vacuum my house and cars with this little marvel and it 's enough ! Great adquisition for the price and size ! However I have not used it for wet spills , just dry and regular dirt and dust at home , carpet , curtains , sofas , etc. . All in all great purchase !
 This comes in very useful when cleaning out the tiny area of your car . I use it with theBlack & Decker PAV1200W 12-Volt Cyclonic-Action Automotive Pivoting-Nose Handheld Vacuum Cleanerworks great with it .
 I bought these to go with my lil 2.5 HP Armor all dry vac and they work GREAT for cleaning ALL crevices in the car -LRB- even got up dog hair ! -RRB-
 I purchased this set to go along with my Milwaukee M18 Cordless Wet/Dry Vacuum . Let me tell you , it is a must have to clean in small places . Most vacuums have a 1 1/4 inch attachment to let you use this micro-cleaning set . I can put the brush heads on the end of my vacuum and run it over the keys of my laptop and it cleans everything ! Including all the dust and dirt UNDER the keypads . I 've used the other attachments to get to the hard to reach areas in my car . When going to the car wash and using the vacuum there , it is too big to get in the area on the floor of my car between the door and my seat . If you used this , you will have NO problem what-so-ever to get in there . I would recommend this product with 100 % certanity that you will find this product come in handy . Make sure your vacuum attachment will fit but I 'd say most will . Do n't be cheap and get a different brand . Just spend the extra 5 or 10 bucks and get this one . With Shop Vac you know you are getting a good brand and product !
 I bought a garage vac . and then added these to the deal . I do Old Vespa Scooter work and I love the compact reach of these tools .
 First off , as some other reviews have stated , these attachments are really small . Most are smaller in diameter than a pencil . The attachments work pretty well at getting into small areas , but the power of the shop vac is decreased when using the smaller attachments . Overall , I am pretty happy with the product though as it works great to suck or blow crap out of tight areas . If you do n't mind the small decrease in power , and need something to get into tight areas , then give these a try .
 I purchased this shop-vac for my daughter who lives in a condo & has several birds -LRB- one large -RRB- & she is big on treats for them . Consequently there are spilled seeds as well as special bird treats that hit the floor & though she has them confined to one room , keeping it neat was a big challenge . After reading how powerful this little vac is -LRB- + it used bags that would be simpler to dispose of as she lives on the 3rd floor ... stairs only -RRB- , so I gifted her with it & she loves it . A solidly good purchase/gift !
 Allot smaller than I thought when the package came . But the uses from these attachments cant be overlooked . For computers , side grills on microwaves , window sills or any other small area . A must if you buy the Mini Shop Vac .
 I bought this at Walmart for $ 11.97 yesterday . I was finally able to clean out from in between the front seats of my car and the console .
 I use it to clean leaves from the lower tracks on my rolling metal hurricane shutters . It makes a difficult job easy .
 I love this little kit , I have used it on my car , baseboards , vent covers , lamp shades , electronics , drawers and any other small area I want to vacuum . The brush attachment is extremely useful . These are some of the most used tools in the house now . BOTTOM LINE - Stop reading this review and buy them . You will use them !
 Nice micro vacuum cleaner accessories . I needed something to cleanup my computer keyboard as well as the internals . This accessory kit worked as expected . I would recommend this for anyone needing to clean around tight spaces .
 Bought these to go with a small shop vac to use in my vehicles . They mate up well with the shop vac and work great to get into the nooks and crannies .
 I was hoping for a powerful , but small shop vac and this is it . My garage clutter alarm sounded recently and storing this model helped to cure that issue ! Sturdy , well-made , convenient , multiple functions I can actually use and enough motor to work hard without dimming my lights . Just right as Goldilocks said !!
 we did n't know this was a micro set until we received the product . however glad we ordered these micro thingys real come in handy .
 I got these in a local store after reading about them on Amazon . I 'd wanted to clean my laptop for a while and thought this would be perfect for the job . I tried air cans but that only seemed to push the dust in . Cyber clean got some of the dust , but still just pushed a lot of it deeper in the ports.But when I went to clean my laptop with my Shop Vac , I found these micro tools did n't really matter much . I tried without attachments -LRB- the 1-1/4 '' Hose -RRB- , with the micro converter -LRB- one that made opening smaller for the attachments -RRB- , and then with the micro straight wand . For most of the job , it did n't really matter which I used and they all seemed to work just as good . Shrinking down the opening seemed to lessen the suction , or at best kept it the same as before.So for my task of cleaning a laptop , I feel the shop vac with no attachments -LRB- 1-1/4 '' Hose -RRB- would have worked fine without the micro tools . However , I did find the converter to be the most useful part when cleaning . It was better sized to fit over most of my ports than the hose 's normal opening . Also , when cleaning my keyboard I was a bit worried the 1-1/4 '' Hose would suck the keys off , but the converter cleaned without as much of a worry.Also , it was a bit awkward to hold at times . I had the hard plastic end of the hose , the converter , and then a micro tool . Trying to angle them to clean a laptop right in front of me was a bit tricky at times due to the size with all the attachments.The converter will be useful for certain tasks even if the rest are n't . I would assume the micro tools are more useful for getting into small places to clean than cleaning small places . So this set seems more for hard to reach places that the micro tools could fit into than small things like laptops or keyboards . But you may want to get it just for the converter for cleaning laptops or such even if you do n't use the micro attachments . Despite the tools not working well for my needs , I am still glad I got them and I think I will find more uses for them in the future .
 Nice and solid , long handle for plenty of leverage , sharp cutting edge which has n't dulled or nicked on me after cutting a bunch of nails .
 This is a very good hand-tool . I 'm using it to cut off a lot of very big handmade nails in my old house.Due to some rebuilding , I use this tool inside some of the walls in the house and it helps me get the work done.I am very satisfied with this tool .
 And they have done a great job . Have not used them to cut off nails , but you are unlikely to find true flush-cutting pliers heavy duty enough to do 8-16-20 penny nails . The jaws may not cut exactly flush , but they do cut well and are great for nibbling away material -LRB- what I use them for -RRB- . Have had a pair for years and never had any problem with them . Would buy again .
 I used these for nipping the bottoms of roofing nails in my deck roof . Could n't get them flush , but for painting purposes the tool was o.k. Definitely wo n't work on heavier gauge nails .
 I purchased these as a gift for a buddy of mine . I have had a pair like these for years that were handed down to me by my grandfather . This is one of those simple but essential tools that every carpenter should have . Most of the guys I have worked with value their cats paw as second in line right after their hammer . While that may be true , anyone who has had a pair of these in their bag for a while would be hard pressed to give them up . These are generational tools that will last to be handed down and make us all think about our fathers and grandfathers every time we use them .
 It 's a box of sharp things . They are all sharp . They do n't break easily . What else can you say ? Nothing . Buy 'em if you need 'em
 Blades were inexpensive and good for what they are worth . Just what I needed . Comes a pack of 100 which is a good deal . Plenty if uses around the house and as an art student .
 Razors work perfectly and this is definitely the best deal on Amazon for razors . They are great quality for a great price . I would recommend getting a razor holder if you do n't have one . Amazon sells a great one for only a couple bucks .
 These are a super price I could not find at a local store cheaper ... They arrived quickly and in good shapeRecommended
 bought it for my box cutters , and been using it ever since . 100 pieces will last me a while . but they work great
 These razors are amazing . They were sharper than I had imagined , but that made them better . They fit right in box cutters ! Definitely something to buy .
 This is the real deal , just like the old-school Gem blades we used to be able to get . Made in a North American country , not China , they are just the thing for scraping paint and putty off window glass . Get yourself a pack .
 100 well covered razors , good price , multiple uses from one razor and consistent quality.I will buy these again in the future when I run out.Great purchase
 priced better than Home depot . order on line is really a great idea there are no stresses and we getting then quick .
 Good quality , sharp blades with really nice packaging . Should be fine for all general purpose cutting and scraping projects . Recommended !
 Hoping one of the three reviewers of this product can help me out with info : Are these blades oiled or coated or not ? Thanks in advance for any/all help !
 This is about the best value I was able to find on single edged razor blades . They shipped quickly , arrived in fine shape . The container is not a pain to get open , it 's a `` snap shut '' type plastic container , does n't need to be cut open . Just the label is holding it shut . Slit it along the edges of front and back along both edges and it 's easy to open , easy to close -LRB- and easy to spill razor blades if you are n't careful -RRB- . Only complaint I could find would be that the little cardboard sleeves are VERY tight on the blades - most I 've used before were able to slide off without much trouble - these I end up having to actually peel off , so there 's no easy sliding it back into the cardboard to protect it after use . But that 's a minor annoyance , since most people will be putting these into some tool , so no stars taken off for it.If you need good razor blades at a great price , this is the one .
 What a bargain ! I love the fact the each razor blade is individually wrapped and is re-wrappable . The price was great and they got here quickly . Great to use on crafts .
 Sharp , cheap , I do n't know what else you could ask for . With Amazon 's free shipping , I feel this product is a very good value if you need razor blades . I highly recommend .
 I 've used about half of the box so far . I use them to score bread loaves . Each blade comes individually wrapped so it is much safer to grab one from the box . They are extremely sharp and effective .
 I used these blades for scraping windows . Great for that purpose , hold an edge well and are individually wrapped in thick paper . Not oiled , so no worry of oil contamination .
 not a lot one can say about razor blades , except the ones of these I have used are sharp and do the job .
 These blades are really sharp and they do n't seem to get dull as fast as other blades I 've used in the past . Each blade has its own cardboard band around the blade to protect you and the blade . The container 's lid reseals well so you can store them in there without any trouble .
 The essence of the &#34; perfect tool &#34; for providing a sharp clean edge on recently painted window frames . These blades fit the holder perfectly .
 Cheap and sharp ... enough to last me years . It 's razor blades , what else can be said . They fit and work .
 These are sharp , as expected . Good that they 're individually wrapped in paper for safety . I use them to scrape burnt on gunk off my stove 's ceramic top .
 Once again , what can I say , a Staple is a Staple . There is n't anything else to add . There is n't much you can say about a staple .
 I have an Arrow stapler and these as well as the 1/2 and 1/4 inch size all work perfectly fine . No jams after hundreds of staples . I do have a 30 yr old Arrow heavy duty stapler and it is of fine quality so that probably needs to be considered . Ca n't comment on how newer staplers or other brands would perform but i have had zero problems .
 These are great provided you order the correct size for your useage . They are not advised if they do not fit and they will not comply with your needs if they jam .
 We used these staples to recover our dining room chairs . Exactly the right length to keep the fabric smooth and tight .
 If I were using boxes and boxes of these things , this might be a big deal to me . When we were using the staples in my attic , installing radiant barrier insulation to the rafters , there were several , probably the majority , of the strips that were in pieces . Could have just been the box got banged around in shipment , but ideally , I would want to pull strips out whole or half at worst.Did not have but maybe a couple of jams with the staples in a cheap staple gun .
 I purchased a staple gun as well and it was perfect for what I was doing which was re felting a pool table and bumpers .
 I own two Arrow staplers , and this is the best product for them in my opinion . The staples are well made -LRB- well , they seem to be to me -RRB- , and I have never had a problem with them . You always get your thousand plus staples , and they are all adhere together in their little rows . I guess my only small gripe is the little cardboard box that they come in does n't do a good job of holding them in -LRB- when you open the box on the side , you can pull out more than you want , and putting them back is a real challenge -RRB- . Overall other than the packaging , it 's a very good product . The staples are reasonably strong and go in easily to most woods -LRB- well , soft woods -RRB- .
 I bought these to use in my Arrow T50 Staple gun . They fit great and none got jammed . I only use the staple gun to reupholster furniture and I found that the size of these staples works the best for that purpose .
 Due to a review given by an individual on the # 506 -LRB- 3/8 '' -RRB- staples claimingthe design had changed , I thought a bit of clarification of tip designwas appropriate.The 1/4 '' # 504 , 5/16 '' # 505 , and 3/8 '' # 506 staples have diagonal -LRB- 45 deg . -RRB- cut tips forpenetrating hard surfaces -LRB- Like roof felt when stapling to plywood -RRB- . The 1/2 '' # 508 staples have a different tip design that is flat and chiseled.This is for softer surfaces -LRB- substrates -RRB- that require a longer grip.In my roof sample , you would never use a 1/2 '' staple to hold down paper felt , and if you need a staple to hold the shingle edges down , you would use professional1 '' crown staples with a pneumatic gun.In a pinch , if you are stapling down a shingle that has flapped up , us the 3/8 '' # 506and not the 1/2 '' # 508 , with a hammer stapler , as all you will get with the 1/2 '' flatchisel staples is frustrated , and make a mess .
 The towel ring and tissue holder were an absolute match for my bathroom.Both pieces are excellent quality . I received the items in just a few days with no hassle or damage due to the excellent packaging . I will order again from Amazon.com .
 I 've been looking for a pair of decent work gloves for awhile , came across these and am very happy with my purchase . I ordered the large for my long fingers . They fit nicely though are wide at the wrist like most gloves of their kind . Very soft on the inside . Thick enough to protect but not so thick that you ca n't feel anything when wearing them . High recommend , especially if you are looking for great quality at a reasonable price . I use them for everything from moving furniture to pulling thick weeds . High recommend .
 My husband uses these on the farm when lifting and loading bales of hay . They are rugged and hold up well under pressure .
 These are very nice gloves , and I was very pleased . They are well worth the money , fine comfortable leather & very good quality . These are far better gloves then you would find in the Quicky Mart . I also suggest a pair of cotton jersey gloves to be worn with these also for a fine warm comfortable feeling , if you buy these gloves , you will not be disappointed ...
 These Cat Work Gloves are great and for the price meet all the requirement of a Lather Hide Work Glove . They are not Padded but are great gloves for backyard work if using them when trimming the yard , picking up branches and all around work to protect your hands .
 The gloves arrived fine . Good condition , fit , and tough leather . However , one of the seams was unstitched upon arrival and requred a little work with a needle and some thread to repair before using .
 If you need a glove to do heavy work -LRB- or hold hot items briefly -RRB- these are the gloves for you . Use your Mechanix gloves -LRB- or whatever brand you prefer -RRB- for more delicate work but these for heavy work . They are sooo worth the weight even on long backpacking trips . I would n't even consider processing firewood without them .
 Good , comfortable gloves . I use these for work in the yard , as well as the garage . I think you 'll find them very serviceable .
 Very durable and tough work gloves . I 've gone through many pairs of work gloves , all purchased at the the big hardware stores . These are the the best that I have ever owned . For the price , they 're a steal at Amazon .
 I used these when cutting palm trees at my house , you get pretty good protection from thorns , etc. I accidentally wore them when I had a tiny rash -LRB- I have eczema -RRB- and these gloves turned it into a huge rash that I still have n't completely gotten rid of -LRB- it 's been 8 months with the dam rash -RRB- but that is my own fault hahaha.Great gloves , low price , good quality .
 A well made work glove , and stylish looking too.The fabric allows for greater flexibility , whilst the all leather index finger insures longevity .
 Being the cheap skate that I am , I buy a lot of the lighter duty work gloves . Those actually work pretty well , but they do n't have the thickness to last very long . These do .
 This replaced our American Standard porcelain double compartment sink -LRB- same size -RRB- . Our previous sink cost 3 times as much and chipped within months and rusted along the edges -LRB- severely -RRB- within a couple of years . Although it had a lifetime guarantee , what was I gon na do ... pack it up and send it back and wait for a replacement ? Though it took a while to decide what material to get our next sink in , the choice to get solid surface has been great so far . Though this sink marks easily , everything scrubs right out with a little soft scrub and scrubbing pad -LRB- easily -RRB- . Marks on the porcelain sink were permanent . I like the feel and quietness of this sink over stainless as well . Acrylic is a joke for something as heavily used as a kitchen sink and granite composite I did n't know much about -LRB- other than people reviewing about leakage and cracking issues -RRB- . The sink came with one hole -LRB- our preference as we were going with a contemporary faucet -RRB- and we had to drill out one more for a soap dispenser . No problems at all and there were even pilot holes on the underside so you could n't make a mistake on the alignment.The biggest surprise upgrade has been the change to a single compartment sink . At this size , the single compartment is HUGE , and every pot we own fits . It is much easier to clean pots and pans in this sink than the double compartment sink and large items like grill grates and full oven racks actually fit and can be completely submerged ! Anything smaller washes through the dishwasher anyway , and it has always been recommended that pots and pans be washed by hand due to the caustic properties of the automatic dishwashing detergents . Now , it is a lot easier to clean our pots and pans -LRB- and other stuff -RRB- . We also got a metal drying rack that fits over about a third of the sink that we can stack dishes in after being washed in the sink . The plates can simply just be sprayed off right where they sit and you 're done ! This system works great whenever we decide to wash anything by hand . Typically , you would wash in one and rinse in the other but that does n't work well when items do n't fit . Not missing the second compartment at all!On a lighter note , this sink probably makes a great baby bathtub .
 This sink was one of the best purchases we made in our do-it-yourself kitchen remodel.It was exactly as presented and the customer service when we called the company was friendly and helpful . We made a slight nick on the sink when a wrench slipped off the counter and hit the side . It only bothered me , but I knew I would see it forever . I followed the directions and sanded it out in no time . It is not visible , I ca n't even find where it was , three weeks later.The sink cleans beautifully with ordinary cleanser . It is a wonderful product .
 I love my new sink . It was easy to install , has a great finish and is so deep ! Lots of compliments on it over the holidays .
 It is a solid sink and serves our intended use admirably . Stains clean off easily . The sink is not loud , and is large enough on the one side for our large bowls , pans , and food dryer trays.Cons : attachment bracket screws are plasticOne of the attachment inserts was damaged , another fell out , And it was mighty difficult to fasten those along the front , having to slide hand with tool in it up between the deep sink -LRB- remember , deep -RRB- and the inside face of the cabinet and try to finagle the by then `` stoopid '' brackets into position and screw them down -LRB- up , as it were , lying on back with head under the sink -RRB- . If there is a trick to that , it would have been useful to have on the installation instructions . I had already applied sealer to the underside of the lip of the sink , positioned it , then discovered the fastening difficulty - how to line those things up -LRB- ! -RRB- - pulled it off and tried again , then cleaned up the gooey mess .
 I love this sink . I purchased it for in my laundry room . It is nice and large and works perfect for this area . Looks great too ! Way better than the standard laundry sinks ! I am very happy with it .
 this sink is beautiful . it arrived quickly , packed well . this color will not show stains or scratches , even from metal pans that get scrubbed across it .
 Love the bone color . It matches our countertop perfectly . Love the feel of it . Love the sound -LRB- or lack of sound -RRB- when throwing things into it . Love the depth . Love the look . Can you tell that I love it ? Wish it was going in the house . We got it to replace the cheapest sink possible in our RV . Now the RV is better than the house . I can live with that .
 The sink is so large and deep . Perfect for large pots and pans . Could bath a St. Bernard almost . Love it
 Dishwashing is a breeze in this sink . Love everything about it . The depth of the sink is unbelievable ! The single bowl makes washing large pots and pans almost effortless .
 These Wells Lamont Kids suede gloves are not just for kids anymore . As a mature women with small hands , I found it impossible to find good work gloves for those heavy duty yard chores . These fit perfectly and wear like iron . I can do anything that needs to be done with these gloves . These may be the last pair of gloves you will ever have to buy .
 I wanted to update my bedroom furniture , but did n't want to spend much to do so -LRB- and I had 32 pulls to replace -RRB- . These worked out great , and they do n't reflect the low price at all !
 This is a quality product from a reputable manufacturer . The value/price relationship on this particular item can not be matched or surpassed by any of the big-box retail outlets . This is good for any sanding , painting or insulation related applications . 3M produces serious and excellent products for the professional and building trades , they know what they are doing . Highly recommended .
 I accidentally broke my stone after 25 + yeras of usage . I replaced it immediately . Great little stone for quick outdoor -LRB- and indoor -RRB- usage ,
 I do metal work and these are my polishing gloves . The reinforced fingers make them hold up much longer to the constant abrasion . They fit my hands really well . I will keep on buying them !
 I got a hold of two of these during a special sale that included this kit free for every 2 AA Maglite flashlight you bought . But it 's still a great buy at $ 5.00 . What I like most about these kits are the rubber octagon lens hood , and the lanyard . The lanyard is long enough to be useful , and the rubber hood keeps the flashlight from rolling around when you need to set it somewhere and need the light not to move . I 've had a lot of trouble with this in the past , and though it might seem a little pricey for those two items , I would n't own a 2 AA Mag without at least the rubber lens protector/hood , and having an extra lens is nice since they do get scratched up pretty easily . So since they really do something I would recommend that you pick one or two up , particularly since they have free shipping with a total purchase of $ 25.00 or more.Last year I bought a few mini-mags and the same number of these as stocking stuffer at Christmas , and everyone seemed to love em.Anyway I enjoy the two we have , and as I said will not own a mini-mag again without one of these kits .
 This is a great little set of accessories , I wish I had purchased it sooner . Just so you know , the lenses can be used outside the flashlight with the rubber ring , or can be used internally by removing the tip of the flashlight . I bought this to create a red light for night vision . You can use the rubber ring with the red lens externally if you want , but if you have as many lights as I do , it seems easier just to swap one out permanently . I also wanted the clip to hold a light in my organizer . The lanyard looks good , not too short and not too long , either . Lots of uses for a few bucks .
 Does work great as nightlight -LRB- red filter -RRB- when stargazing ; significantly reduces lumenal output.The anti-roll rubber is very handy -- the pocket clip , not so much.Still , a resonable price for those fans of Maglite whom are in need .
 I still swear by maglite over some of the newer players in the industry , these things are tough as nails .
 I bought the flashlight , rehargable batteries , and the accssory pack as a gift for my niece . She has taken it camping , used it on night hiking , and it now resides in her `` survival bucket '' . Obviously she is a happy camper , I would say the accessories which she has on the light are a booming success .
 This kit provides all the accessories I need to fully utilise my mini maglite in my role as an ED nurse except for a window breaker which I purchased separately .
 The product description for this kit is incorrect -- These kits apparently now include 1 Red and 2 Clear Lenses . The Maglite web site claims the kit includes 1 Red , 1 Blue , and 1 Clear lens . The Amazon description says 1 Red , 1 Blue , and 1 Amber.I bought this kit because I needed a replacement clear lens , so my 4 star review is based on the fact that I did indeed receive a clear lens and that all of the parts included appear to be of good quality . The lanyard , the pen clip , and the shock guard all work as expected .
 I 've used these before on a few maglites . I 've been known to collect a few flashlights . This is a nice improvement to the mini maglite and should pretty much be packaged with it at all times , but for under $ 5 , it 's a good buy . The clip is probably the cheapest most useless part of the package . I enjoy the lanyard as a way to secure my flashlight when I 'm out , but it interferes with putting it in the flashlight holder . The end piece I use all the time to hold the red lens as I like to maintain as much night vision as possible . It 's easy to pull off and helps protect the glass . All in all , a useful purchase I would make again .
 I bought this kit for the three filters and the lens cap to hold them on . The only filter I wanted was the red one to reduce night blindness when I 'm looking at the stars or have to get up in the night . The carry strap also works well . I found no use for the pocket clip but it might work for someone else .
 This kit provides some great accessories for the MiniMag . The rubber cap fits nicely over the end of the flashlight and is perfect for keeping it from rolling away or propping it up to shine right where you want it . The strap is also handy , and the filters make the light the color of your choice . It 's the perfect add-on to make the Mini Mag a little more convenient .
 Really nice accessory pack ! I 've had my mini-maglite for years and I got this kit for the red lens -LRB- it is great for amateur astronomy - I no longer have to bother with red tissue paper ! -RRB- and everything fits on the flashlight really nicely . There 's a rubber cap too that can slide off quickly with the red lens if you need the clear lens back . I do n't plan to use the pocket clip or wrist strap but I tried them on and they look like they 'd work well .
 Item comes with 3 lenses -LRB- Clear-standard like the one that came with the flashlight , Red-maintain sight at night , and blue -RRB- , a lanyard to hang flashlight around your wrist , and a clip for the flashlight . The Lanyard comes in handy when you 're doing tasks that require you to use both hands in the dark but you still want to have the ability to know where your flashlight is at after completing it .
 I 've seen this item for sale at Ace Hardware and other places for a few dollars more , so I bought it from Amazon to fill an order for the free shipping.The only items of use to me are the lanyard and rubber protective boot . I actually received two of the clear lenses and I keep them in the drawer in the event I want to replace my original lens after it becomes more scratched than it already is . The clip and red/blue lenses have made their way to the trash can . The only problem with the lanyard is that it wo n't fit in my leather mag holster . No big deal though since I use it on another mag lite in the basement that I have hanging on a hook above the power panel in the event of an outage .
 Works fine lasts long time -LRB- if you do n't lose it -RRB- . Came quickly and was packaged well . I may buy again as everyone in my home -LRB- four people -RRB- has a AA mini Maglite .
 I use the flashlights for working on computers and electronics , this accessories do help , get them . The colored lenses may or may not help , depending on your situation .
 An excellent accessory for owners of Novatac lights . I bought this for use with my Novatac Storm light . After slipping off the pocket clip from the light , I slid on the rubber lens cover with the red filter . Great for tending my baby at night without waking her or losing my night vision.I also found that the rubber ring , when slid on the back of the light , makes it much easier to grasp , hold , switch on , and stand on end . Depending on your tastes , it makes your light look either kind of cool or kind of gawky . Personally , I like the effect.You can -LRB- I suspect -RRB- also glue a red or white Fenix diffuser wand to this lens cover and create a great camping lantern or emergency signal . At under five dollars each , they add an affordable new layer of utility to your Novatac .
 Exactly what the title states . I never knew such a thing existed and I did some research . found out that it does checked with Amazon on availabitlity and found a good deal on a great idea . The delivery was prompt and everything arrived in great condition .
 This item arrived very soon after credit card purchase , and was the exact new product that I was expecting . I would order here again .
 This is a great accessory pack . The rubber lens cover allows you to change lenses quickly , the red lens allows you to do things in the dark while maintaining your night vision , and the other accessories allow you to carry your flashlight just about anywhere . The only problem is that the different lenses are really easy to lose if your not using them .
 The red lens is great for astronomy because it does ` nt destroy your night-vision like a white lightbulb does . The other accessories are handy so you do n't lose your flashlight when you are looking through your telescope .
 I strongly recommend picking up this accessory pack . The rubber cover for the lens end that helps prevent the lamp from rolling and also absorbs some impact if dropped . The wrist strap lets you keep the lamp close at hand . I usually put the strap around my wrist when I slide into my sleeping bag -- if I need to get up quickly during the night , the lamp is always available without requiring me to feel around on the tent floor or in the storage pouches.As noted by other reviewers , the plastic lens colors have changed . There are now blue , red , and clear lenses . I 've found the red one useful when I want to rummage through a pack when my tentmate has already turned in for the night . It gives you illumination that is not as harsh as the non-filtered white light -LRB- and it does n't reset your night vision either -RRB- . My only complaint has also been mentioned in other reviews -- there is no place to store the other plastic lenses . I keep the red one on all the time , and I stow the other two in the sheath for my multi-tool . To me , getting the rubber cap and the wrist strap make this purchase worthwhile . The filter lenses are just gravy .
 The red filter and the rubber cap are needed in a boat or other situation at nite to keep your nite vision and your flashlite more stable . The clip also helps once I can not use the string in a LED MINI MAG -LRB- the end does not have a place to fit the ring -RRB- . USEFULL
 The red lens is great for astronomy because it does ` nt destroy your night-vision like a white lightbulb does . The other accessories are handy so you do n't lose your flashlight when you are looking through your telescope .
 This combo pack is really great . The cord is very useful , just hang it on your wrist - than always trying to put it in a pocket . I use the colored lenses to see in the dark . People do n't even notice me behind the curtain . Just like in the movie . A Great Steal !
 If you have a MAGLITE Mini and Hunt or work early morning looking for birds - This is a must have !
 These 1/4 inch staples work pretty well , without `` jamming '' too much , in my heavy duty stapler . Pretty decent quantity for the money .
 I had ordered the t-50 staples for my new staple gun and when they arrived the box of staples had come open during shipping and the staples were scattered all over the box in little pieces . I called Amazon and they assured me it would be taken care of . THE NEXT DAY I HAD MY STAPLES !!! Amazon shipped them ` overnite ' ... Thanks Amazon , ... It does not get any better than that : -RRB-
 These are the Arrow Staples you know and love . They have n't changed in decades . Packaged and ready to put into your staple gun.There 's usually a broken staple pack or two inside , that happens even if you buy them in the store . That 's the nature of the beast.If you receive a box damaged by a shipping carrier , request a refund . Do n't give the product a bad review just because your carrier decided to play football with the box .
 I purchased a staple gun as well and it was perfect for what I was doing which was re felting a pool table and bumpers .
 I know there just staples but trust me , you do n't want jams with a lesser quality product . Works well every time . Recommended .
 This item is hard to find locally in my area so it was very convenient to order it from amazon ! Just the right size for my small crafting type upholstery work . I use it in an air staple gun that I love !
 good staples were too short for the thick heavy duty job i had this time so got the same thing locally in 3/8 , same brand etc ; pleased ! 1/4 will work on thinner fabric !
 THEY HOLD GREAT I NO ONE OR TWO MORE CO. . THAT MAKES STAPLES BUT THE ARROW DOES A GREAT JOB FORME SO I HAVE N'T TRIED ANY OTHER WHY SHOULD I , SO IF SOMEONE NEED GREAT STAPLES THAT HOLDS I RECOMMENT THE AAROWS.BILL MARTIN
 Due to a review given by an individual on the # 506 -LRB- 3/8 '' -RRB- staples claimingthe design had changed , I thought a bit of clarification of tip designwas appropriate.The 1/4 '' # 504 , 5/16 '' # 505 , and 3/8 '' # 506 staples have diagonal -LRB- 45 deg . -RRB- cut tips forpenetrating hard surfaces -LRB- Like roof felt when stapling to plywood -RRB- . The 1/2 '' # 508 staples have a different tip design that is flat and chiseled.This is for softer surfaces -LRB- substrates -RRB- that require a longer grip.In my roof sample , you would never use a 1/2 '' staple to hold down paper felt , and if you need a staple to hold the shingle edges down , you would use professional1 '' crown staples with a pneumatic gun.In a pinch , if you are stapling down a shingle that has flapped up , us the 3/8 '' # 506and not the 1/2 '' # 508 , with a hammer stapler , as all you will get with the 1/2 '' flatchisel staples is frustrated , and make a mess .
 My toilet started leaking about a month ago , continuously spilling water over into the overflow tube and keeping the water level high in the tank . I initially ignored it but when I received my next quarterly water bill ... ouch . . it was considerably higher than normal . I knew it was time to address the issue.While I consider myself fairly handy around the house , I rarely have the need to address plumbing issues beyond changing the showerhead . What to do ? I decided to poke around in the toilet tank and I determined the leak was being caused by the fill valve . There was already a Fluidmaster 400a installed , so I decided it was time to replace it with a fresh one.I ordered a new Fluidmaster 400a here on amazon , and last night got to work replacing the old one . The installation was a snap ! Including shutting off the water supply , draining the tank , installation , and making necessary adjustments the process was complete in around 10 minutes ! I think even if you are not directly replacing a fluidmaster fill valve , the installation time will still be fairly quick . This is a project even a novice handyman -LRB- or handywoman -RRB- can feel secure attempting.The water in my region tends to be very harsh , and I believe that coupled with my occasional use of drop-in tank cleaners -LRB- a big no-no as per fluidmaster -RRB- caused the demise of the prior fluidmaster unit.Since I installed this there is no longer any constant running water sound , and the tank level has remained consistent . The flush action seems stronger and the bowl fills quicker and is fairly quiet.I am pleased I decided to tackle this project on my own rather than call in a plumber . I probably saved at least $ 100 . I definitely reccommend purchasing this product and attempting this task yourself . For under ten dollars you can not go wrong . The Fluidmaster 400a is used as standard equipment by many toilet bowl manufacturers , so that says something about the quality of the unit.The only complaint I have is that the directions are more complex than they need to be , do n't be discouraged , disassemble your old fill valve -LRB- or ball cock floater -RRB- and you will be able to figure out how the new one goes in . I did n't even need to refer to the directions to complete this job.Next purchase is a Hydro Right Dual flush converter which I have ordered and should have on Tuesday for even further water savings ... Review to follow .
 This is a product you can count on working the first time . No one wants to spend time fixing a toilet . This product installs fast and easy . I tried other products that were just a waste of money.If you have a water saver toilet with a small tank and hard to find parts - this will work great for you .
 The toilet was reflling very slowly , so I just popped out the ballcock and replaced it with his unit . It took maybe 3 minutes to do the job , and saved me the hassle and expense of a plumbers visit .
 Based on the reviews of this valve I just bought one and installed it.For those of you out there who do not have a degree in Toilet Engineering take heart - I 'm good at two things when it comes to tools
 This was great , hands down the best one I have installed.Seems faster then all the others I had before filling the tank.Was also very easy to install , it was harder getting the old one out for me!Very nice product and even greater price . Five star rateing for sure .
 I installed three of these FM valves at different times . The 1st one I installed has worked FLAWLESSLY ! The 2nd one is also working flawless ! The 3rd acted up a little bit and required some minor dis assembly and quick cleaning to get it back on track . I also installed the FM flapper kits and the FM bleach dispenser . Extremely happy with those , too.Overall , our experience with FM valves has been very good and I would recommend to a friend!Be sure to read the directions carefully and make sure you are not in a rush . I was an expert by my 3rd install ! They have an interactive help page that I found helpful . If you are not mechanically inclined , pay someone to install it ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 A little over three years ago , I bought a new low-volume toilet for our redecorated bathroom . It worked fine until a couple weeks ago when the fill valve ceased to function . I 've had this happen numerous times in my life with other toilets so it was no big deal . I took the valve out , took it to the local hardware store and bought a new identical model , a Fluidmaster Toilet Fill Valve . It was fairly easy to install , although I had a few minor gripes about leaking until I finally fixed it . Now it works fine , just like the old one did , I like the fact that it is adjustable . Well , my only gripe is the short life span . Do toilet valves really have to be replaced every three years . Surely not . This one must have been defective . My only reason for buying a new one of the same make and model was my hope for simplicity of repair . I 'm annoyed at the short life span and hope this new one will do better.Gary Peterson
 Well , I have an old , -LRB- circa 1958 -RRB- , toilet in my full bath . I replaced the float with one that I happened to have on hand back a couple years ago . It was one with the ball float . Last month it started SLOWLY leaking into the tank . Just yesterday it gave up the ghost and started running pretty darned fast . I remembered that I had a new float assembly that I bought a couple months ago when it started leaking in the first place . I was meaning to get to it when I could . Funny , that happened to be today . I have never really thought about the brand or the style of the float before.When I took the old ball float off I unscrewed the top of it to see how the thing worked . I had found that the chlorine wore away the little o-ring that keeps the water from flowing when the float is raised . I thought , `` This is a crappy design . Using a rubber o-ring with all the chlorine just sucks . `` I pulled out the one I bought at the store a few months ago and thought that it looked better than the old design.I put it on along with a new chlorine-resistant flapper . I then remembered that in 7 years I have never had any trouble with the float in my low-flow replacement toilet in my half-bath . I went in the half-bath and removed the toilet tank cover to see what it had for a float . It turns out it has a Fluidmaster 400a as well ! Holy crap ! This is awesome ! I stumbled upon the same type of float that has not failed me in 7 years!I love the Fluidmaster . I just wished it was made here in the good ole USA . : - -LRB- I highly recommend this float.Easy to install.Easy to adjust.Seems to last a good long time too .
 fluidmaster probably makes the best fill and flush valves out there . Of course nothing like this will last forever but they should last awhile before the seals need replacing .
 I have 2 FM400A 's and 2 Smartvalve 2000 's The Smartvalves came with the new fixtures . I installed the FM400A 's at the same time on the 2 other fixtures at the same time . The Smartvalves have been very sensitive to any debris in the waterlines -LRB- have to be cleaned a lot -RRB- . no such problems with the FM400A 's . Now , 2-1/2 years later BOTH Smartvalves wo n't shutoff . Based on what I 've been reading around on the net , I 'm not going to fool around with them anymore . FM400A 's are the best bet at any price !!
 I bought this to fix two toilets that would not quit running . And voila , it worked for both and once I figured out how to adjust the height it was a cinch to install . Took 5 minutes actual hands on to fix each one . Will use more thing from this company for repairs if needed .
 These work very well - are easy to install and will last for a long time . In my old house I had the old Fluidmaster that were made with stanless steel . They would last for ever if you replaced the diaphram ocasionaly . These might be just as good .
 This tank fill valve fixes most inlet valve problems on most toilets including mansfield toilets . I used it all over my house and my father in laws house . And I 'm not a plumber . It adjusts from 9 to 13 '' heights of toilet tanks .
 Exactly what I needed to fix my old fill value . No complaints and way cheaper than hiring a plumber . Thanks internet !
 This is an improvement to the tank valve I replaced.and it was included as a premium when I ordered the spindles . I also neede a tank valve .
 The Fluidmaster 400A AntiSiphon Toilet Tank Fill Valve worked wonderfully . I had a few problems with leaking from the tank to the water line , so make sure it is well tightened when replacing .
 Works just fine . Take `` Universal fit '' items with some common sense , Do all research possible for your items and you 'll be fine . Go out on a limb and get it for a brand or model not so commonplace and you 'll be taking your chances unless it is specifically listed as a replacement for that brand/model . I had to download the instructions for my American Standard model from the internet as I had misfiled them . They called for this item by part number . Fixed the problem . Easy install not any problems . Only gave it 4 stars because I think float assemblies should last longer than they do in the first place . I 'll be lucky to get 3-4 years out of this one just like the factory installed one or another replacement . Installed in an American Standard Champion 4 which is too new of a model to have any issues at all in my opinion .
 I had two toilets go out on me at the same time . First I installed a Korky Waterwise fill value on one toilet . Those instructions were amazing and very easy to install . Then I to another store to get the other fill valve , but all they had was Fluidmaster . So , I got the 400A and it was nowhere near as easy to twist , but installed relatively easy . From the second I installed , no troubles . No leaking , no running , fills just right , just plain works . The Korky one was not as easy and needed some fine tuning along with working with the weird little red plastic chain that had issues with closing my flapper . Anyway , they both work fine now . Just that the Fluidmaster worked from the get go . Well worth the money .
 My nephew , the plumber , gave me the story on this years ago and I 've benefited ever since :1 . If you have a different kind of ballcock and it works ok , leave it there until you need to fix it , of course ... then install this one . It 's not the absolute cheapest but after you install it , you 'll be glad you did . It works well , is simple to install and it is REPAIRABLE without having to go to the store to buy a new one , or without having to have a toilet problem for a week while you order another one .2 . If you already have one installed -LRB- lucky for you , somebody was thinking clearly and installed the right one last time -RRB- , you can fix it if it 's simply stopped up -LRB- water does n't come out to fill the tank -RRB- . -- First , turn the water off with the valve handle under the toilet tank . -- Reach down under the little float that moves up and down and you 'll find a plastic collar ring . Slide that ring up so that you feel it release it 's hold on the vertical shaft it 's on . Pop the 1/4 inch tube off the unit and gently pull it out of the vertical shaft . The whole unit slides up and out . Let the water drain out of it before you take it away from the toilet tank . -- Hold the unit over the sink and pop the little cap off the top . You wo n't hurt it and it wo n't break unless you do something illogical . Inside there is a white portion that has been twisted past a detent . Raise the little tabs -LRB- one on each side -RRB- so you can turn it counterclockwise past the detents and it will come out . Voila ! There is all kinds of sediment in there that is stopping up the system . Thump it out and rinse it under the sink faucet to remove the stuff . -- Carefully replace the white portion into the unit and twist it clockwise until it clicks past the detents again . Take it back to the toilet tank and slide it back in place on the vertical pipe and slide the collar ring back down to lock it in place . -- Slowly turn the water back on , making sure nothing flies apart or leaks . You 're done ! Two minutes this took !!!! 3 . If you do n't want to repair the unit as explained in option 2 , buy another Fluidmaster 400 and install it as follows -LRB- you DO N'T have to take the intake pipe apart and drain the toilet tank ! -RRB- : -- First , turn the water off with the valve handle under the toilet tank . -- Reach down under the little float that moves up and down and you 'll find a plastic collar ring . Slide that ring up so that you feel it release it 's hold on the vertical shaft it 's on . Pop the 1/4 inch tube off the unit and gently pull it out of the vertical shaft . The whole unit slides up and out . Let the water drain out of it before you take it away from the toilet tank . -- Replace it with the same part in your new kit , then slide the collar ring back into place . Adjust the height of the unit so that the top is just below where the tank lid goes , so it 's as high as possible without obstructing the tank lid replacement . You may have to readjust this so that the fill level in the tank is where you want it ... you want as much water in the tank as possible without flowing over the overflow ... easy to see what I mean.You 're done!My nephew explained that this is the favorite item for repairing ballcock problems because the plumber can replace it in a minute or two and charge for his full hour and for a new ballcock . No offense , but anybody can do this themselves ... no need to pay somebody a hundred dollars to fix it .
 I have been a self-employed plumber for over twenty five years and have installed hundreds , if not thousands of fluidmaster # 400 A ballcocks . In all that time , I have never had one that was defective , and I buy them 25 to the case . They are , in fact , the least expensive most reliable unit on the market today . No offense to the other reviewer , but you have installed the unit incorrectly or there is something else wrong with your toilet .
 6 + years ago , the old float ball mechanism died after some years of quick repairs . I had 3 choices at the hardware store stocked to ceiling with
 I have installed these in every home I have lived in when the old style valves die . They are n't difficult to install and they just work ! The only issue I 've ever had is sediment getting in the seal after some plumbing repairs . You cut off the water , just twist the cap 1/8 turn counter clockwise and lift it off . Hold a cup , glass or rag over the top and turn the water back on to flush it out . Water off , replace cap and you 're back in business . If the debris messed up the seal , replace it with the seal kits you can get just about anywhere they sell the unit . Easy and inexpensive ...
 It is a good product . easy to install and it work well so far.In ref . to Robert R. Rainey Jr. problems ; I experienced the same at the beginning and I resolved the problems by replacing the old toilet flapper . The old one was hardened and it did n't seal the opening completely , a very very small leak , I ca n't even hear it . The leak takes hours to activate the refill action for a second
 I bought this to replace a filler that was running very slowly . It 's a simple product with simple expectations , but it arrived quickly , installed easily , and works as advertised . I installed this in a Jacuzzi brand toiled , and it just worked -LRB- I think it took me about 10 minutes to install , from beginning to end , including draining the tank . -RRB-
 I hired a plumber to install a fill valve and he was done in a matter of minutes , so I figured that it must not be that hard to do . When another fill valve needed to be replaced , I looked at the make and model and found the best price @ Amazon.com . I followed the simple directions and was so happy that I was able to complete this job myself !
 THESE THINGS REALLY FLUSH GOOD I HAVE TO HAVE A BATHROOM THAT WORKS GOODI FOUND A FLUSH LEAVER PUT IT IN WOW THAT TOILET REALLY FLUSHES
 A well made small desk lamp for a bargain price . I 've been using it for more than 3 months now and have n't had any problems yet .
 This lamp is a good value . The only problem I had is that the lamp does not use standard size light bulbs . The bulb base is smaller than a `` standard '' bulb . It comes with an incandescent bulb and I wanted to use a fluorescent .
 This testament to the quality of this tool may be how many times I 've either had it stolen . For under 20 bucks you get a stapler that will work perfectly -- not a single jam -- until you ` lose it ' . Great for stapling screen , fabric or any material into wood as well as other light surfaces . I 've used it for a variety for household repair project and I suspect it is great for craft things as well.One note
 In response to previous reviewers ' observations that this tool jams frequently , it is a fairly cheap tool . For the money , I find it to be a value . Although advertised as `` Heavy-Duty '' this tool is not for contractors requiring a heavy use stapler . But for small jobs , it fits the bill nicely.I used my Arrow T50 today to secure some indoor/outdoor carpeting to a flight of porch stairs . Throughout the more than 120 9/16 '' staples -LRB- the tool 's maximum allowable size -RRB- , I experienced zero jams.So get this stapler if you 're a homeowner or occational user . Contractors needing a heavy-duty tool for roofing , vapor barrier , or similar applications where many fasteners are needed quickly , get a hammer-stapler or `` slap-tacker '' like the Arrow HT50PBL . Happy fastening .
 THIS HIGHLY POLISHED AND PERFECTLY DESIGNED TACKER HAS THEPOWER TO DO ANY JOB IT WAS DESIGNED FOR . THE AVAILABILITY OF PARTSMAKES IT A LIFETIME TOOL . ALSO AN EXCELLENT GIFT . I HAVE TALKED TO THE ARROW FACTORY AND HAVE FOUND OUT THAT YOU CAN ALSO GET STAINLESS STEEL AND MONEL STAPLES FOR THIS TACKER . SERVICE EVEN WELL AFTER THE WARRENTY PERIOD IS ALSO NO PROBLEM . WITH MANY OTHER TACKERS NO PARTS ARE EVEN AVAILABLE . ALSO , IT SEEMS THE MOST COMMON IN THE WORLD AND THE EASIEST TO FIND . THANK YOU FOR ALLOWING ME THE CHANCE TO TELL YOU ABOUT MY EXPERIENCE WITH THIS TOOL .
 After trying a couple of other manual staple guns I have finally come back to this tried and true beauty . Works as advertised , plenty of power , puts the staples in cleanly and does n't jam . Great for occasional small upholstrey jobs and odd jobs around the house .
 This Stapler is simply the best says my dad he has faith in this product had one before lasted 2 years finally gave way . Its sturdy and easy to use my mom uses it the most for upholstery purposes
 My first one quit after many years of service , so I bought the same modelgood stapler . word word word = 20
 Excellent staple gun . I use it for putting up targets at the range -LRB- and stapling the cardboard backing to wooden stands -RRB- and it 's very reliable . I would highly recommend it . The only minor issue is that 1250 staples are $ 2 , but shipping for them is $ 6 , and they 're hard to come by elsewhere .
 Arrow has maintain it 's tradition for quality , througout the company 's lifetime . The only thing to say about this fastener , is as good as always .
 You can use this for havy duty projects , as well as for delicate projects . Very good qualy . Ezy to use .
 I bought this stapler in April 2011 to replace an old Arrow stapler that was `` broken '' . Well , it turned out it was n't really broken after all . A friend had used my old Arrow and lost a nut off one of the bolts holding the thing together . After I had purchased a new stapler , I was digging through some boxes in the shop and found an old nut of the right size to replace the lost part . This fixed the old Arrow but I had already bought the new one in the interim so I put the old one away as a backup.I 'm not using this stapler as part of my job , it 's used fairly frequently but not for anything heavy duty . Mostly stapling cardboard backing boards to wood strips for target shooting as well as doing an occasional repair to items around the house . In other words , it 's a general purpose tool for general use around the home . I have no idea how it would hold up for daily professional use . As for my own needs , it has been working perfectly . I 've had zero jams and zero problems with operation . It functions as well as my older Arrow stapler ever did .
 this gun helped me a lot when i needed to put the wire from my tv in the first floor to my computer in the second floor , i put a lot of wire and it worked good , the only con could be as a woman you will probably get tired , you have to press really hard .
 I just finished putting siding on one of my rental units , 1,000 square feet , 1957 vintage . I used my Arrow T50 to put up tar paper between the 1/2 '' plywood sheathing and the siding . I also used it to put the tar paper on my new 10 ' X 12 ' shed roof . I used many boxes of staples without a single jam . I had a dozen or so staples that did n't seat completely when I did n't push hard enough on the front end of the stapler , or when I hit a knot . I seated them with my hammer . But overall , I would n't attribute that to the quality of the stapler . It was easy to put staples through tar paper into seasoned plywood . I used 3/8 '' Arrow staples that I purchased from HD .
 Unlike other reviewers , this gun has never jammed on me in 5 years that I can recall . However even the shortest staples do n't go in all the way .
 I 've owned many of these staplers only for the fact that I lend them out and never get them back . I was looking at all the negative reviews and I have to say I have never ever had a problem with one of these staple guns . Just bought one last week and it too works like a charm . Are people putting the wrong staples in them ?
 This is by far the best staple gun i have used . First day i got it i used around 2000 staples , never had a jam issue . Also , easily went into the 4x4 and plywood without a problem . If your looking for a manual i would go with this one hands down . They dont make them like they used to , but they are still the best out there in my mind !
 I believe some of the ratings are a bit unfair . Just about everybody `` abuses '' Impact drivers trying to remove impossibly frozen screws and bolts . Any knowledgeable mechanic knows that impact bits -LRB- and drivers -RRB- are expendable . I 've personally broken or ruined two big-name 3/8 and 1/2 '' drivers through the years and dozens of bits of every brand including Craftsman , KD and Snap-On . I personally feel that these bits are as good as any others and a fraction of the price . Mark me as very satisfied with the value and performance of this set . So far , I have n't been able to break on of these.As a side-note , the price of these bits was so reasonable that it hardly makes sense to make the trip to the store or chase down a Snap-On driver to return the `` name brand '' broken ones .
 These bits are great quality , and have lasted longer than any other set I have purchased . I like the longer bits for those hard to reach places .
 I am an electrical engineer so I have spent a lot of time with wires of varying degrees of quality . This cable is a quality cable . It is rugged , yet very supple . The wire strips easily . The colors are accurate for a 7-way connector . Other connectors , such as the popular 4-way connector use different colors for the lights . If you understand the wiring , you can make the conversion . However , this cable has the correct colored wires . I read one review that said that this cable was stiff when cold . Perhaps , but it will be less stiff than any other cable I have tried . Note that Hopkins offers this cable in a number of different lengths . Also , the part numbers 20246 and 20146 are the same cable with different packaging . Check the Hopkins website for more details .
 excellant product saves hours of work and is very rugged these cords are a contractors dream a must if you have employees
 The plug is molded , which is great . It is very substantial and well made.Each wire is rated correctly -LRB- neutral and 12v for example being a heavier gauge than the turn signal -RRB- . I would buy again
 but finally had to take the boat trailer and tow vehicle to a guy who actually knows what he 's doing ... even so I am pleased with the result .
 I am a 30 year Automotive Technician and I am well versed in wiring and circuit testing . I purchased this item along with a Hoppy Endurance 7 RV blade vehicle connector for a wiring rehab project on my 20 ' trailer , what I got was a headache . After striping the trailer of all old wiring I installed the Hopkins 20146 cable to a wiring junction block and made all necessary and proper color coded connections being very careful to make sure all are correct . To my surprise nothing worked properly , after some testing with a Fluke multimeter and double checking . What I found was the Hopkins 20146 8 ' 7 RV blade molded trailer cable wired to old style color code , not one color was located for a Hoppy 7 RV connection as shown on their website.Well put together product but wire color coding is not for Hoppy 7 RV blade current color coding . BE AWARE OF THIS IF YOU PURCHASE !!! UPDATE !! I contacted Hoppy Technical Support they informed me that ALL ! molded harness 's are wired to the OLD STYLE color coding . I informed them that their website does not specify this , when you choose to view the trailer wiring from the items page it shows new style color coding . HOPPY PLEASE FIX THIS !! I have updated my rating since the product is correct for its design OLD STYLE color coding .
 This cable met all expectations . The plug end is well made and the cable sheath is a good grade of flexible insulation . The finger pulls help with unplugging the cable from the tow vehicle . The length was just right for my application . The item shipped and was delivered as promised .
 I received the cable yesterday right on schedual and installed it with no problems on our 2005 outback Trailer . I read the review about the wire colors not matching . I hooked it up color by color and everything worked perfect . Buying the cable through a camping store would have cost me about $ 35 . This was a great saving .
 Arrived as a plain cable in a bag , without the cardboard hang tag pictured , but was the correct cable . Verified with multi-meter that wire color assignments were the same as the Hoppy cable I was replacing on my trailer , so installation was straightforward . Seems to slide in and out of the truck outlet easier than my last cord , so happier about that . My have something to do with the design having a single spring contact per wire , rather than 2 on the Hoppy , but all connections are working fine .
 Cable worked perfect . This molded connector was sealed to the wire part of the cable.All copper wires and of the proper sizes . The eight foot length was just about right for my car trailer to truck application . Probably could have cut off one foot , but left it.Be sure to clamp the wire to the trailer so there is no tension on the little wires coming from the trailer . Grease all stripped copper wires before inserting them into a crimp type splice connectors . Use shrink tubing over the top of the connectors and shrink with heat gun . This will help corrosion from ruining the connection . I also put a little grease into the end of the connector where it would plug into the truck . When you unhook your trailer , face the connector end down so rain or dirt do n't get in .
 I consider it a must to have a sealed trailer connector , and this is the best one I 've ever had . The geniuses that I bought my last trailer from cut off the Hopkins blade-type connector to put on a pin-type connector , which broke after about a month . They saved the old blade connector -LRB- originally put on in 2006 -RRB- , and it was still as good as new , but because they cut off the original connector , I had to replace the entire assembly .
 top quality product and quick shipped.The ends were pre-stripped for easy connecting and wires were color coded for proper hook-up . I like the molded plug for easy insert and hold in by the socket cap . . Just what I needed .
 I like the cord being presided to the connector , but I found the plastic shield is very stiff if winter , almost to the point of not being able to use . Spend a litle more and get a rubber jacket if you are in the Midwest . Otherwise a great cordset .
 Appears to be constructed very well , works like it should . I am very happy with this cord , it is 100x better than the cord that came with trailer .
 If you are used to one of the newer lightweight levels that are so popular you might be surprised at how heavy this Johnson level is . Get your forearms in shape for this one . The sighting bubbles are not over sensitive and move in a smooth useful arc . Everything about this tool is heavy duty and substantial , and it 's nice to see that `` Made in the USA '' stamp for a change
 This Johnson level comes with an aluminum top and bottom . Too bad they could not make the narrow sides like this instead of rubber ends.The wood had a few knarled spots on it which are not perfectly smooth so cement will stick to these areas . It would be wiser for Johnson to go heavier on the varish/polyurethane coating to seal these areas if they are going to use wood like this . Instead , they have used a wood that will not allow any oil to penetrate it , but the level is not as smooth as my old American level.An aluminum side did have a small gouge in it , but the level still works fine.This level is quite accurate , probably better than an American , so is fine for any professional . I use mine doing tile work so it regularly gets used hard -- cement or mastic on it and gets wiped down . This has caused the wood to swell some on one end , though perhaps I overlooked the wood being wider than the aluminum top when I received it . Since it is made a dense hardwood , it is likely the latter . If that is so , it is an indication of sloppy craftsman ship by Johnson . Still , since Empire bought American and dropped this level line , this is the only wood level I could find that did not have those stupid brass or aluminum edges that cause work and clean up problems and that make a level junk.Whether it can withstand dropping 5 ' -LRB- not on a rubber end -RRB- like my old American level and still stay accurate , well , that is a review I hope will take several years to write .
 Super easy install and it looks great . You might expect the holder to swing or swivel , but its held at a fixed angle , which is probably better for its function anyway .
 Easy to install . Two pieces only . However , it sticks out a little and will be bumped.It comes with a hex key that you use to tighted the actual holder to the mounting hardware . Keep this in your bathroom . As you bump it , it 'll get loose . Just use the key and reset it . super easy.Because it does get bumped , I highly recommend screwing the mounting hardware to a stud behind the drywall with a 2 &#34; pan head screw , not the screw that comes with it . If you dont have a stud , I recommend using Toggler TB -LRB- or TC depending on your drywall thickness -RRB- dry wall anchors . You can get the two pan head screws or the Toggler from the bulk bins at Lowes or Home Depot .
 This was a replacement and it is much better than the one we had . I like the holders that just have the toilet paper slip on .
 This is sturdy and it looks good . It 's also so easy to refill ! No springy center piece . I also like the matching hardware like the towel rack .
 This item has changed my life ! I 've been married for many years and have never been able to get my husband or son to put the new paper back on the dispinser when they need a new roll . No more soggy swollen toilet paper on the counter anymore !! Just slide it on and your done !
 used this to weld a mild steel flange to a cast iron manfiold . I hammered and sanded of all the flux coating and used it with a tig welder . Worked great !
 Hunter has such a well-known name and good reputation , but ... I was surprised to find the light and fan-speed switch -LRB- controlled by a short chain under the motor -RRB- to be so cheaply made . I have three of these fans in an old house -LRB- they came with the house -RRB- and the switches in all three are forever getting stuck . It 's very frustrating . You have to yank and pull and find the right angle and pull a little more . Yuck.The good news is , the fans are super quiet -LRB- which is a big plus -RRB- and seem to be dependable enough , even though we do n't use them very often . As to looks , they are good looking fans and good and heavy . I like the fact that the Hunter motors are heavy and -LRB- hopefully -RRB- that 's a sign that they 're well made and sturdy . You 'll definitely want to make sure the fan is properly installed and secured in the ceiling , elsewise , gravity will eventually win -LRB- and you and the fan will lose -RRB- . The chains on these fans are crazy short , so they first thing you 'll need to do is buy a chain extender . Kinda nutty that you pay more than $ 100 for a fan and they do n't give you enough of this 5-cent per foot chain .
 I have bought three of these ! They have a dusk to dawn sensor and a motion sensor . You just have to set it up , and it takes care of itself ! Very easy to install , and also to change the bulb . Attractive and stylish , as well as functional . You can also manually adjust the lighting as needed . Great value .
 I ca n't give a good review for performance yet because it has not been installed - but I absolutely love the look of it and the way it fits the look of my house .
 the light lights up the area that I need and the quality is good . The motion sensor on the light works like it should .
 This is a great light for an even better price . Best bang for the buck I found when searching . Had no problems with motion sensor . It is a LARGE light . I am using it on a back patio , so I put it on a dimmer switch , and am very happy with it . Beautiful as well . Very well made and heavy . Go for it !!
 Much cheaper than Home Depot for the exact same thing . Great motion light with a lot of settings . You can use it on the dawn/dusk setting or only to motion . Great for security !
 I am currently using three of these on our home . Two in the front and one over the shed door . They look better than many of the carriage lights I have seen and they work great so I 'm a happy camper with them and recommend them if you are looking for a bit of security and a nice look at the same time
 I purchased two -LRB- 2 -RRB- of these lights and they were easy to install , look great after more than a year outdoors , and work great .
 Super easy install and it looks great . You might expect the holder to swing or swivel , but its held at a fixed angle , which is probably better for its function anyway .
 Easy to install . Two pieces only . However , it sticks out a little and will be bumped.It comes with a hex key that you use to tighted the actual holder to the mounting hardware . Keep this in your bathroom . As you bump it , it 'll get loose . Just use the key and reset it . super easy.Because it does get bumped , I highly recommend screwing the mounting hardware to a stud behind the drywall with a 2 &#34; pan head screw , not the screw that comes with it . If you dont have a stud , I recommend using Toggler TB -LRB- or TC depending on your drywall thickness -RRB- dry wall anchors . You can get the two pan head screws or the Toggler from the bulk bins at Lowes or Home Depot .
 This was a replacement and it is much better than the one we had . I like the holders that just have the toilet paper slip on .
 This is sturdy and it looks good . It 's also so easy to refill ! No springy center piece . I also like the matching hardware like the towel rack .
 This item has changed my life ! I 've been married for many years and have never been able to get my husband or son to put the new paper back on the dispinser when they need a new roll . No more soggy swollen toilet paper on the counter anymore !! Just slide it on and your done !
 just wanted to say this is a great piece of equipment that should be in someone home . never can have to much safety items in the home place .
 Luckily have n't had a chance to use it but its there just in case . Shipped no problem and hopefully it stays on the wall forever .
 I bought two of these fire extinguishers from Home Depot in 1999 . In 2006 my toaster oven flamed up and I quickly pulled out the fire extinguisher and it promptly stopped the fire . Then , just yesterday my toaster oven flamed up again and this time I did n't notice for some time and the flames were pretty bad though still concealed within the toaster . I pulled out the second fire extinguisher and it put out the fire right away . The only downside is that the fire extinguisher can be used only once and the material it spews out is in dust form and it goes all over the place - but that 's not so bad considering it stops fires ! I 'm getting a couple of more of these . It 's impressive that they sat unused for almost 10 years and still worked fine in an emergency . I 'm also getting rid of the old toaster over : -RRB-
 I purchased this fire extinguisher in 2001 , and it has sat on my kitchen counter ever since . On March 17th , 2012 , my next door neighbor was outside his house and VERY FOOLISHLY poured gasoline from a full 2.5-gallon container onto a pile of hot smoldering wooden logs . Of course the can exploded and it landed against the outside of his 2-story house . The house is wood frame house with painted wood siding . At this point he was on fire , so he rolled on the ground to put himself out . He ended up with 3rd degree burns , but his next action was to get up and come find me . I was working outside raking leaves when I heard him screaming . By this time the fire is raging against the outside of his house . The flames were about 8-10 ' wide against the side of his house and touching the top of his 2nd story gutter . As he was panicking and calling 911 , I quickly retrieved the small Kiddie fire extinguisher from my kitchen and ran towards the blaze . At this point I am thinking I am shooting a bb-gun at a freight train , as there is no way this little extinguisher is going to do anything about this massive roaring fire . HOLY COW was I wrong ... In a 4-5 second blast of fury , this little bast * rd reduced that overwhelming massive blaze to a 3 ' small and manageable fire . I put out the rest with a garden hose . The fire truck arrived 10-min later ... Bottom Line - this is one powerful punch in a small package . It proved that it can function effectively way outside its intended parameters . I highly recommend this device as it most definitely saved my neighbors house from certain destruction .
 I carry one in each car . A few days ago I emptied mine on a guys car on the side of the freeway . He had and engine fire and I put it out.Gee he did not even thank me or buy me a new one . I guess he was too shook up.These little extinguishers really work .
 For anyone like me , who never had a chance to use a fire extinguisher you can watch a video on this particular model FA110 on -LSB- ... -RSB- under Safety and Emergency . I only had to put out a `` practice fire '' but I recommend everyone tries it or at least watches the video . This model is very easy to use.And this extinguisher comes with a mounting bracket , so it can be mounted in a garage on a wall or a cabinet , so you can access it easily . We had our old extinguisher on the floor and it was always getting lost behind all the other paint cans and supplies we would store in the same `` easy access '' area . It would have done us no good if those cans actually caught on fire ... So use that bracket - do n't just throw it away .
 I 've had this model in my truck for years , and recently stopped to help a man who 's truck was seriously on fire . Now , this is really too small of an extinguisher for that big a fire , but thanks to two other well-prepared good Samaritans we had extinguished the fire completely by the time the fire department arrived using 2 of these small extinguishers and one bigger -LRB- 5 lb -RRB- one . I can review this extinguisher highly because after riding around and being battered and abused in my work truck for 3 years , in Florida heat and everything else this thing was ready to go when I needed it . My only regret was not having a bigger one , but for household use I think that this one would be fine .
 One of the most affordable type 1A10BC fire extinguishers out there . Also easy to find in any hardware store . I bought one as a requirement for a home-daycare . Approved by the fire marshall without any problem . Came with its own plastic wall attachment accessory . Easy installation . I feel I have to reinforced the gypsum wall attachment with a double-sided tape to make sure it is secured.What does 1A10BC stands for?The number preceding the A multiplied is by 1.25 to give you the equivalent extinguishing capability in gallons of water . The number preceding the B indicates the size of fire in square feet that an ordinary user should be able to extinguish.A = ordinary combustible materials such as paper.B = flammable liquids and gasesC = energized electrical equipmentHopefully we would not have to use it in the future.Made in Mexico .
 The Kidde FA110 is a great extinguisher to have around the home for it 's multiple uses . It was as advertised , and shipped quickly . Thank you .
 We purchased this fire extinguisher to put in our kitchen just in case . Hopefully we 'll never have to use it , but I feel better knowing it is there in an emergency . It 's a good size -- fits right under our sink , or it comes with a wall mount if you have a good place to put it up .
 I think Amazon must have been paying attention to the reviews and fixed some of the packaging issues . The box I received was bigger then it needed to be with lots of padding inside and a big sticker that said `` over pack '' on the outside . I had none of the banged up , dinged , or damaged issues that previous reviewers experienced . The price was very good and it got here very fast in typical Amazon style . It 's not huge and fits under my kitchen counter . The level was in the green like it should be for a newly purchased extinguisher . Hopefully , I do n't ever need to use it , but if I do I feel confident it would work with no issues what so ever .
 A few months ago I decided to make a small investment and put a fire extinguisher in the cars , garage and each floor of my home . Today was a good reminder of how a small investment can save your butt down the road ... It does n't matter how fast Prime shipping is - they wo n't get it there in time to put out a fire!As for the product itself , it worked great - meaning it put out the fire . I do n't have a lot of experience to compare this to , but my only thought was that it felt like it was running out very quickly . That said , if the fire is so big that you need more than 10-15 seconds of discharge then you should probably be running rather than fighting !
 Bought this for the house for emergencies . I had read a lot about them arriving at the buyer 's home already discharged in the box . Most of those stories on this review thread seemed to be in situations where the buyer bought multiple extinguishers , so i decided to just buy one to start with . It arrived in good condition and tested just fine when I sprayed it . I have n't had a chance to use it on an actual fire and I hope I never have to .
 I bought this to replace my old Kidde ABC extinguisher that had been hanging silently on the leg of the workbench in my basement for years until I needed it just last week to squelch a small fire . Having it close by and readily accessible made all the difference in a bad situation.The new extinguisher arrived fully charged and in perfect condition . The only thing that concerns me is that it now says `` made in Mexico '' on it . I just hope it does n't decide to take a siesta when it is needed in an emergency .
 Extinguisher arrived quickly , in great shape , fully charged.Hope I never need to use it but if I do I feel it will do the job .
 I ordered this fire extinguisher for the price and good reviews . Unfortunately , it had already discharged when it arrived at my house and the meter read empty . However , I 'm rating the item 5 stars because I contacted amazon.com through the customer service chat and they quickly placed a refund request on my account - excellent customer service . I hope to find this fire extinguisher somewhere locally !
 I purchased two of the fire extinguishers Kidde FA110 . I have not had to use either of the extinguishers as yet and hope I never do . I was very suprized to find the samething at Manards for about one half the price . I would recommend this product but would advise to shop around .
 Just got this today , was a little wooried because others say there arrived `` empty '' . Our arived full so no complaints here .
 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars because I did n't use it . Hopefully , I will never have to use it . The extinguisher is not big like you would see in a business , so it 's lightweight . I actually like the size because it 's more portable . Make sure if you buy it that it 's full by reading the gauge .
 I ca n't review it based on use since I 've never had a fire in my house , but it is a handy item to have just in case . It came charged right in the middle of the charged zone and the hanging bracket is a nice addition . If I ever end up having to use this I will update this review .
 havent used it yet but i have purchased this to strap to the roll cage of my jeep looks cool when the tops off
 I have not had to use this -LRB- thankfully -RRB- , but wanted one in the house for safety . The instructions are clear and easy to interpret . It is a good value and good safety item .
 I looked every where for a fire extingisher , so glad to finally find one under 200 dollars . No where in my area carried them not even Walmart , lowes , or Home Depot . The only local place supplied them to busineses .
 I ORDERED THIS ITEM AND IT WAS DELIVERED IN AN AMAZING AMOUNT OF TIME , VERY IMPRESSED , NOW I HOPE WHEN I NEED IT , WHICH I HOPE I NEVER WILL , , IT WORKS ... SMILE
 Its hard to review this product , since I hope not to use it . However , it arrived within the stated time , in excellent condition , STILL FULL . The whole transaction was effortless , virtually just a keystroke away . Excellent product for the price ! Buy one , and hope not to use it .
 I have n't had to use this extinguisher yet , but it arrived in perfect condition -LRB- and not discharged like some have experienced -RRB- . I will update this review if I ever have to actually use it , but hopefully this never happens !
 Seems ok , but how would we really know unless we had a fire to test it on . So I 'm giving it 4 stars for looks , price , and the fact that it comes with a full-empty gauge and mounting bracket .5 stars if it 's not empty when/if I need it , and successfully puts out the fire quickly .
 Keep one handy , you may never need it , but it 's a good investment for when you do .
 Have one in the garage , one in the kitchen and one in each vehicle . Have not had to use any yet -LRB- thank heavens -RRB- , but I think we are prepared if we do .
 Thankfully , I have not had to use this , but it came as described and was full , sooooo ... . that 's a bonus .
 When I opened the Amazon shipping box and saw that it was full of paper cushioning , I thought , hey , looks like it 's packed in there pretty good . However , if you put a product with an already smashed , ripped and re-taped box in a box with cushy paper , it does not prevent the damage previously done by whomever was in charge of keeping products safe on the shelf . By the looks of the box , you would think that I found this fire extinguisher under the sink at an estate sale . Luckily , despite what the little extinguisher has been through , it has a full charge and did n't discharge in either box . Here 's hoping I never have to use it , but I 'm a bit annoyed at Amazon 's shipping of this product .
 Received this on time and well packaged . Easy to mount on the wall and hold with the help of the bracket . All in all , hope I never have to use it , but in the possibility that I do need to use it , it looks promising enough to be a good buy .
 wanted an extinguisher to be an insurance against fire spreading . this is a mind easing product for preventing spreading of a fire .
 All I can say is that I received it in good shape and it was in the full range . I have n't used it yet , so ca n't review honestly how well it worked . Hopefully wo n't have to use !
 I got two of these for our cars , because that is how it came up on the search . They are probably a little big for the car , not fitting easily under the seat . I have n't had to use it yet , thankfully , but its a trusted brand and a decent price .
 I just bought this product and have not used it -LRB- bought it for emergency cases -RRB- , but I had ready some of the reviews saying that theirs came already empty but mine was not the case . It came in great condition and well packaged . Now i just hope I never have to use it .
 Bought this for our new home . It 's small and fits well under the kitchen sink for easy storage . It can also be mounted on the wall or somewhere for easier access . It might be good to keep in a car , but I think it 's a little too big unless you have ample storage space so it 's not always visible .
 Easy to install . Does n't come with bolts but the bracet is similar to most companies if your replacing old ones .
 I bought two of these extinguishers-one for myself and one for my son and his family . I have never had to use it so , I ca n't know how it works , but I 'm hoping I never have the need to see how it works .
 Light weight and compact size ; good for simple home use ; appreciate being able to find it at a reasonable price .
 I purchased this for use in my Jeep Wrangler . I go trail riding and I 'd rather be safe than sorry and it 's always a good idea to be prepared on the trail . A lot of people complain about the canisters being discharged upon arrival . Mine was full and packed VERY well . The box was n't damaged at all and I got the product in about 2 days ! I 'd choose this over the FirstAlert based on my friend 's experiences with FirstAlert fire extinguishers not working ... at all . Good product , good price ... I just hope I never have to use it !
 A fire extinguisher is one of those items that is really hard to review for the fact that you 'll more then likely never have to use one . After years and years of it just sitting on the wall in the kitchen we had to use it.One night the neighbor 's vehicle caught fire -LRB- fault in the wiring we later found out -RRB- and immediately we grabbed it off the wall , ran outside , pulled the pin , and started spraying . This was enough to slow the fire from spreading very far and gave the fire department enough time to respond before everything was up in flames.Probably one of the best $ 20 - $ 40 investments you can make.Be safe and get one !
 A Good Show case Item to reduce home insurance . This product cost me $ 25.00 but got saving in insurance $ 35.00 . so I am happy with out using this product .
 Fortunately I have n't had to use it yet , so I ca n't attest to the product 's actual ability to put out a fire . But I received it in excellent condition , fully charged . The extinguisher seems sturdy , as does the bracket to hang it .
 This is to replace the existing extinguisher we had to use when our toaster caught on fire . I was away , and my wife quickly grabbed it any used it to put out the flames . worked like a charm !
 This is a very basic , inexpensive , and readily available form of protection for your home . I bought a few of these in 1999 . The ones I still have are still showing charged . You have smoke detectors ? seat belts and car seats ? Why not a way to protect your home from a fire ? I 've always had excellent experiences with Kidde products , and for what they do , I ca n't complain . I wish more homes were prepared for a fire . I 've been in the fire protection trades for several years , including servicing extinguishers . Today , I 'm in the home security business and I 'll go into homes that have that one fire extinguisher in the basement stairway that 's 30 years old and the gauge shows it 's discharged . Why ??? Get one for your garage or workshop , one for the basement . Put one in the hallway closet near the bedrooms . And one on each habitable floor . Get a BC model for your kitchen . You 'll have a very effective weapon in those few seconds where you need it . Simple to use , they follow the industry standard
 This was a great buy . It was just the right size and it was very easy to hang up on my wall in the kitchen .
 The reason for a 5 star rating is because of my past experience with this brand . How can I rate this one if i have n`t used it yet ? LOL . I have no reason to believe it wo n`t perform as advertized .
 I received the item , but the gauge needle was on the line for EMPTY/FULL . I called Amazon and they were able to replace it with one that the needle was clearly in the green.On the bottom of the first can , it had a manufacturing year of 2013 . Seeing that it 's still December 2012 , I was skeptical . The new one is from 2012 , so we 're good.I 've seen cheaper on sale at Menards -LRB- of course , just after I bought this -RRB- , but those sales are few and far between.Whatever.This unit is a basic disposable fire extinguisher . It 's going to be made of materials that are not built like old Volvos . It 's made for one purpose - USE ONCE.Okay . I just got it so I had about 12 seconds to get my family out of the house if fire is in our way.That or a small fire in the kitchen.You 're not going to put out a 5-alarm with this thing . But then again , that 's not the point of this item .
 Needed this for our rental apartment . Love the size and the price was just right . I 'll probably get one more for us .
 Kidde is a great brand , and this multi-purpose fire extinguisher is a must-have for homes ... and thankfully , I have never had to use it . : -RRB-
 I got this for obvious reasons and I think every kitchen in the country should be required to have one . It 's a nice size and I feel safer with it .
 The good news is that I have had no use for it , no fire . It hangs on the wall in the garage just outside the kitchen door . I see the gauge every day can can see that it is full . Hope I never use it .
 Have n't used it -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- , but I think it would do just fine for whatever might come up in my small woodworking shed .
 you need one of these in your garage - it gives you a sense of security knowing that you have this if you need it . It is a buy .
 It was shipped from Amazon itself instead some other seller . So I assume it would have Amazon 's great return policy.It arrived with enough cushion and support and nothing was broken as others complained in other reviews.I do n't know the quality as luckily I have not had to use it.Should be good for next 7-10 years .
 I have n't used it and sure hope we never need to . But it was here in less than a week . Directions on hanging were easy , directions on how to use are simple . Kids now seem to understand the importance of safety , and I have a more safe and secure feeling of them being home alone , that they will be prepared and knowledgeable about what to do ... for only 30 $ !
 I was so nervous when my wife ordered this extinguisher . From the critical reviews , I was just praying that it had n't discharged in shipment . My prayers were answered . It arrived in good shape.The canister is metal . The nozzle , handle , and pin are plastic.For anyone doubting the quality and commitment of Kidde , I can tell you from experience , they take their job WAY too seriously . And that 's the only way I want it from the people who are making products that protect me or my house from burning up.Other notes
 Appears to be a good extinguisher . Fortunately I have ' t required its use . I 'm happy with the price and fast shipping .
 We had a grease fire which this little baby put out in about 4 seconds ! Not sure how to determine how full , i guess by weight.Mike Paget Dallas Tx
 I know Kidde is a name brand in Fire Extinguishers and have always been reliable.This is an ABC unit , so I do n't have to worry if it is appropriate for whatever may be on fire.I bought this extinguisher to go in to a vehicle , so it was explicitly purchased for its reliability and `` handle any situation '' capability.However ... . When the item arrived , the box -LRB- not the shipping box , but the item box -RRB- was in horrible condition and could barely hold together . After mounting the unit in the vehicle ; as I adjusted it 's position so that in case of an accidental discharge , it would go off in the safest direction for vehicle occupants ... . I noticed that the safety pin to prevent this kind of discharge was missing.At this point , all of the certainty and reliability of this unit just went out the window . This pin is like the tamper proof seal on your supplements/medicine , if it 's gone , there 's no telling what may have happened to the product . Sure , there is a 99.99 % likely hood that it just got knocked out at some point , but there is also an unacceptable chance that the unit has been refurbished , refilled , is old , etc. . . Any number of factors that could cause it to fail just when your vehicle is trying its best to become a fireball ... not the time to be unsure about your safety equipment.Because of how critical this component is , I would have given this experience a single star . To add insult to injury , since this item is considered `` hazardous material '' , once it leaves the vendor it can not be return shipped . Thus making the online return process useless . The saving grace here was Fazil with Amazon online chat . He created a `` free of charge '' replacement order for me and stated that I simply needed to properly dispose of the defective unit according to local regulations , which means take it to the local Fire Station or City Trash Management Hazardous Materials/Recycling center.Because of the hassle free chat process and the replacement on its way , I 'll go easy and rate 4 stars because I 'm certain that the Kidde product will stand up to the requirements I have .
 Although I keep one in my apartment -LRB- this model -RRB- I 've never had to use this extinguisher . I 'm giving it 5 stars based on information from my local fire department and firemen I know , as well as my experience with Kidde customer service and UL listing policies * -LRB- see below -RRB- . First , keep in mind this product is UL listed * -LRB- see below -RRB- and recommended for home and car use by most -LRB- if not all -RRB- fire departments . I 've also been told by many firemen I know personally that Kidde is a reliable brand and this product is perfect for home -LRB- non-commercial -RRB- use . Without actually having to use it -LRB- which we of course hope will never happen -RRB- there is no other way to know first hand if the product is good . Sometimes we must rely on our faith in a product/company or the recommendations of others . This is one of those times , hopefully , for most of us . Having said that , I have read reviews here posted by consumers who have used this product and were very happy with how well it worked , and that makes me feel even more secure buying this item . Those who gave a low rating appear to have had problems mainly with units that were not stored or handled properly or have issues with sellers and their return policies , which I feel should always be mentioned in a review , but a product 's star rating should not be judged based on the actions of the seller or shipping issues.After talking to firemen and representatives from Kidde I found the following information may be useful to anyone who has one of these or is considering purchasing it : * Before you purchase your unit or when shipment arrives , inspect it to make sure it has not been discharged and/or is not leaking : > Make sure the pin is in place . If it is not , do not buy it , or return it . > Make sure the tank reads `` full '' in the green . If it is not reading as `` full '' , do not buy it , or return it . > If you see any white or powdery substance on the canister or inside the box , do not buy it , or return the unit . Wash your hands -LRB- and keep hands away from face -RRB- if you handle a unit that has residue or white substance on the outside or in the box . > Check date of manufacture on the bottom . Units should be kept for no longer than 12 years from that date , so you want to make sure the date is not too old -LRB- old stock sitting on a shelf -RRB- . * Good for all types of fires . It fights Class A , Class B , and Class C fires . Class A fires involve common combustibles , such as wood , paper , cloth , rubber , trash , and plastics . Class B fires involve flammable liquids , solvents , oil , gasoline , paints , lacquers , and other oil-based products . Class C fires involve energized electrical equipment , such as wiring , controls , motors , machinery , and appliances . * Can be used on car/electrical fires which means it 's good for cars and boats . It can be stored in a vehicle or boat where the heat can get very hot in the summer . According to Kidde rep the canister can withstand temp up to 170 degrees fahrenheit , allowing you to keep one in your vehicle or boat without worry that it will explode under high heat in the summer . * Being safe to store up to 170 degrees also means it can be kept in a shed , garage , or other area that is not normally cooled like the inside of a typical house . * Although the warranty in this ad says it 's good for 6 years , it does not have to be replaced unless it 's 12 years old -LRB- from date of manufacturer -RRB- . The last two digits of the year of manufacture can be found stamped into the bottom of the canister . Look closely if you see 01 or 10 -LRB- depending on which way you hold the can -RRB- . The numeral one is smartly imprinted so it is clear which way is up , if you look closely . * Replace after 12 years , or if used just once -LRB- even if only for a moment , for this type of unit , if discharged at all must replace -RRB- , or if the pressure indicator is no longer showing in the green/full . Since accidently leakage can occur from mishandling -LRB- or other issues -RRB- it should be checked right out of the box and every 6 or 12 months . Even if you have n't used it , if you have others living in the household -LRB- spouse , kids , roommates -RRB- you should check it every month . * For this size/type of Kidde fire extinguisher , firemen I have spoken with recommend you should have one for each of these areas : > Every home -LRB- non-commercial -RRB- kitchen or cooking area . For example if you have a split level mother/daughter have one for each kitchen . Or if you are living with a group of people and there are cooking units of any kind in bedrooms -LRB- like a dorm or boarding house or a group of people sharing a house -RRB- then each cooking area should have one . Even if all you have is a microwave or hot plate in your room , you should have one . > If you live in a dorm you should have one in your private living area regardless of having any hot plates or other cooking devices . > You should also have a separate one for each floor of the house , including the basement . > If you have an attic , consider having one just outside the attic entrance . > If you have designated outdoor cooking area you should keep one near or in that area . Although they are good up to 170 degrees you should keep it out of direct sunlight or exposure to extreme hot or cold . That means it 's best if it 's in a cabinet or shed for use in BBQ areas . > Have one in each vehicle/boat you may own or use . > Keep one just inside the door of your garage or large sheds . A large shed is one that you can walk in and move around inside , usually more than 4 to 5 feet deep . Basically , if you can go inside and work , sit , or walk around inside your shed or storage unit , you should consider having a fire extinguisher just inside the door . * If you 're trying to replace an old outdated or used unit and want to get the same one you had before so the new one fits the same mount , this one does . With the same model number -LRB- FA110 -RRB- my old unit was made in 2000 and my new unit was made in 2012 , and the new unit fit perfectly in the old wall mount . This made me very happy because I did not have to get out my tools and mount a new bracket . ~ ~ ~ DISCARDING OF OLD FIRE EXTINGUISHERS : First and foremost , you must follow laws for your state and local area . Your town hall , department of sanitation , and/or local fire department should be able to tell you if there any laws you must follow in your state or town.If there are no specific laws for how to discard , Kidde recommends you do the following for this model : Take the unit outside with a plastic bag -LRB- 13 gallon or larger -RRB- . Discharge the unit SLOWLY inside the bag before placing in the garbage . You may also want to warn garbage collectors of it 's presence in the garbage , just to be extra safe . Or , you can take the unit directly to your local department of sanitation . And again , following any local or state laws is the first priority.ALTERNATE TO DISCARDING : If your unit is 12 yrs or older , or has been used and it seems as if it may still work -LRB- only used part of it -RRB- it is not a good idea to stake your life on it , but you might want to ask your local fire department if they would like to take the unit so they can use it in demonstrations . If you have a volunteer fire department I 'm sure they 'll be thankful for the donation . Scout troops and local chapters of the Red Cross may also be interested in using it for demonstration purposes . ~ ~ ~ PROBLEMS WITH DEFECTIVE UNITS : > If you 're buying in a store be sure to inspect the unit -LRB- see info above -RRB- before you buy it . > Never buy anything over the internet unless you read and agree to the seller 's TOS -LRB- terms of sale and refund/return/exchange -RRB- . > When shipped to you , inspect your unit as soon as it arrives and if there is any problem with it contact the seller immediately . Do n't wait . > Wash your hands -LRB- and keep hands away from face -RRB- if you handle a unit that has residue or white substance on the outside or in the box . > As far as purchasing through Amazon , make sure you use the Amazon system to report the problem . If the item was fulfilled and shipped by Amazon you should have no problem getting it replaced at no cost to you as long as you follow all return instructions and policies . If the item was purchased through the Amazon website but not sold and shipped by Amazon you should still use the Amazon system to report the problem because Amazon is usually very good about helping customers with problems if an independent seller on Amazon does not do the right thing . But again , it is always important to check out the seller 's TOS before you buy , never buy from a seller if you do not agree to their TOS , and always use the Amazon system to report problems . ~ ~ ~ My Experience With Kidde Customer Service : I have called Kidde a few times to ask questions about their products . The reps are always friendly and helpful , and the info they give me always checks out with what my local fire department tells me and other sources I double check with . I 've also called First Alert to ask questions about fire and CO safety equipment they sell . First Alert reps were not as friendly and helpful . In fact one First Alert rep acted as if I 'd ruined her day by calling , as if I put her out . And heaven forbid I misunderstood something she said or asked her to clarify or repeat what she said , very snippy . For these reasons also , I will prefer to buy Kidde products over First Alert when ever possible . ~ ~ ~ What does UL Listed Mean ? `` UL Listed '' means UL has determined that a manufacturer has demonstrated the ability to produce a product that complies with UL requirements with respect to reasonably foreseeable risks associated with the product . As part of the service , UL authorizes the manufacturer to use the UL Listing Mark on products that comply with UL requirements and establishes Follow-Up Service conducted by UL as a check of the means the manufacturer exercises to determine compliance with UL requirements.What or Who is UL?UL is a global independent safety science company offering expertise across five key strategic businesses
 I had one of these under the kitchen counter since 1999 . This weekend I pressed it into service on a gasoline fire on my neighbors golf cart which became fully involved after a carburator hose split and pumped gas over the engine . The Kidde put the roaring flames out with one shot . Very impressive . So please disregard any negative reviews you find here . I can tell you that these things do WORK !!! You should not be without one .
 Holds a charge for a long time . I know this because I had one in my car for 3 years before I set it off in the back of the car by accident . It spewed dust everywhere that I will never clean out . My only complaint is that the red tab that prevents premature ejaculations comes loose after a while and then it wo n't stay in the hole . Then you wind up with a mess in your back seat .
 I ordered two of the Kiddie FA110 Multi Purpose Fire Extinguisher 1A10BC . Both extinguishers arrived packaged in their own retail box , within one Amazon shipping box . Both retail boxes were mostly destroyed . One of the two extinguishers was completely discharged within the box and covered in the white powder . This is pretty much the same as other reviewers with the same problem.The reason that I rate this product as two -LRB- as opposed to one -RRB- stars is because : A . One extinguisher arrived in good shapeB . I received a call from Amazon through their `` Contact Us '' page , and another one is being shipped to me with no hassle from Amazon.I have attached images in the customer images section.Now I just have to figure out how to dispose of this thing ... I will update when I receive my replacement.Edit
 I installed one of these model FA110 extinguishers in my laundry room 10 years ago and quite honestly never looked at it again . We had a grease fire in the kitchen yesterday -LRB- MY fault completely BTW -RRB- and I got my extinguisher out and ... it worked perfectly ! Yes , it made a hell of a mess BUT , the fire was put out nearly instantly and without any issues or trouble . Cleanup was no fun but it beats the alternative !! Very pleased with this product and have already replaced it with a new unit . Thanks Kidde!Edited 1/13/13 . By the way ... DO NOT buy this through Amazon . Sorry but is it sooooo much cheaper at Lowes .
 I bought two of these for my friends apartment because they are heavy smokers who do not have working smoke detectors . I always fear that one of them will fall asleep with a cigarette or joint in hand , so I got one for each of them to have bedside . If their apartment catches fire , they will not longer be defenseless.Also , these are great to have if you are concerned about unwanted intruders . We live in the Bronx and you could definatley knock someone out if you hit them in the head .
 All the reviews on here saying it arrived discharged are unfortunate , but it 's important to clarify one thing
 The wiring connecting our halogen lamp to the electric receptacles started smoldering one evening . We never would have expected that ; it was one of our fairly new and expensive halogen floor lamps . We unplugged the lamp but the smoldering continued and seemed to be getting worse . So I used our former small Kidde fire extinguisher to stop the smoldering - I was concerned that a fire might breakout . I never thought I 've have to use the old fire extinguisher but I did , so this Kidde from Amazon is an in-kind replacement for the old one . They 're small but can be very handy when something surpringly starts smoldering -LRB- or worse -RRB- in your apartment or house .
 This is a bigger extinguisher that I was expecting , but I am not complaining , and I need to find a place to store it . I know that if a problem comes up I will be glad that I have it . I guess I was just expecting a smaller extinguisher ... now I need to find a place to store this that 's in easy reach and not sticking out like a sore thumb.I gave this a four star rating as I really do n't know how well this will work -LRB- and hope to never know -RRB- . The packaging was adequate , shipping was fast , the extinguisher arrived fully charged , has a mounting plate and looks like I could put out a decent size fire if caught early enough .
 They are small and look easy to handle . Best price on fire extinguisher even though I could n't get free super saver shipping .
 i have n't had to use it yet but it seems like a easy to use extinguisher . it gives the pressure and how to use it .
 Have n't used it and hope I never have to ! I keep it in my kitchen . The instructions seem easy enough to follow.It should help take care of any type of fire I might have in the house .
 Arrived in excellent condition . Thank goodness have n't had to use it , but am sure it will work fine if the need ever arises . Would recommend .
 Smaller than I expected . But cute . Had a heck of a time snapping the mounting strap around the extinguisher . The strap was too small . Extinguisher too fat . I hope it works if I ever needed it . . lol
 Thankfully , have n't had occassion to use it yet , no fires . Ca n't make an intelligent appraisal of it 's utility , but it looks pretty and easy to spot with its bright red paint job .
 It arrive within the stated time , in excellent condition . The whole transaction was effortless , virtually just a keystroke away . Excellen product for the price !
 I have n't had a house fire ever but now that I have a child and a family I think its a must have . I searched everywhere and could n't beat the price .
 It seems to be a good Fire Extingusher . I believe though if I bought another one , it would be a `` refillable one '' . Seems like such a waste to use it once and then discard it .
 As far as I know this is a great item . Guess we would not be sure until we had to use it.It came through in great condition and is in the kitchen , just in case.Thanks
 good hydrant i 'm glad and blessed i had the chance to have this in my life . thank you god . love u
 Our apartment has n't burned down yet ... So there 's that . -LRB- I have to write eleven more words to post my comment -RRB-
 I am a retired firefighter -LRB- 25 yrs -RRB- and have used different types and sizes of fire extinguishers over the past years , in either training classes and/or emergency situations . I have found that Kidde Corporation has made some of the finest fire extinguishers for several years . They are very dependable , very easy to use and in most cases , can be recharged very easily . When I needed a small fire extinguisher to carry in my personal vehicle , while driving on restrictive government areas -LRB- Safety Requirement , I immediately choose the Kidde FA110 multi purpose fire extinguisher , with the minimum rating of 1A10BC . -LRB- Meaning , I can use this extinguisher on a wood/paper fire or up to 10 sq feet of burning petroleum product . I will recommend this extinguisher to all my friends , co-workers , and anyone needing a dependable and reliable fire extinguisher for their needs .
 We ordered three of these extinguishers , one to place in each bathroom for the three floors in our office . They are the perfect size and the fact that they came with the mountings included was a huge bonus ! They 're streamlined and compact enough not to be an eyesore . They all arrived in perfect condition and all in the ` full ' range.While a larger office/space may need an extinguisher that is larger in size , this is perfect for more compact working or living arrangements.Plus , you ca n't beat the value !
 For those living in the middle 20th century , Modern plastics far surpass other materials in the 21st century . The tank is aluminum for one thing , which does not corrode like steel . The handle and valve are made of nylon a very strong and appropriate material which also does not corrode . As far as it being not refillable , I think if it saves your house from not burning down for around $ 25 , it is a great bargain . If it saves everything I own one time I would gladly buy another one . It is best to have at least 2 of these placed where you can get to them at all times . I also have a white one in the kitchen . These are a invaluable bargain .
 We recently had a dryer fire due to lint build up . It was very scary and we almost burned the house down running to get a large bucket of water . After that decided it was time to get this extinguisher and keep it by the dryer just in case . Highly suggest it but have thankfully not had to actually use it and hopefully never will ! The children are intrigued though so we need to store it in a hard to reach place !
 I just bought three of these to replace the same one that I used yesterday . It worked wonderfully to put out an oven fire -LRB- my son decided to warm up some pizza in the box at 400 + degress ! -RRB- Now we 're going to have one of these on each floor of our home.By the way , the one I used yesterday was purchased over 15 years ago ! Not a problem storing this item long term based on our experience .
 By other reviews some people experienced their fire extinguishers arriving damaged ; mine was packaged well and arrived intact . I hung it up on the wall and I do have to say that was a bit difficult , but we managed to get it secured and hopefully I will never have to take it down . Appears if that ever happens , taking it down will be simple .
 I keep this in my truck for emergencies . I used to think it was silly but then over time I have seen enough situations where I could have used one but did not have one like a camp fire getting out of control , a car fire under the hood , or the leaves catching fire under a grill.It is pretty short money when you consider how much you could help yourself or someone else in need and avert a disaster .
 I got 2 of these several years ago when my synagogue arranged a special purchase of fire safety equipment after several neighborhood house fires -LRB- some electrical , some candles , etc. -RRB- . Last night my wife SCREAMED from the kitchen and I knew there was stuff broiling in the oven so I had a feeling it was an oven fire and I went for the downstairs extinguisher . My daughter ran down to get me while I was unhooking the extinguisher from the bracket and confirmed it was a fire . I ran upstairs to find my wife with the other extinguisher but in the panic she could n't read the directions to remove the pin , etc. . One 2-second blast from the extinguisher I brought up and the fire was out . A HUGE amount of `` extinguisher stuff '' in the oven and it smelled horrible , but the fire was out fast enough that there was no damage to the oven -LRB- or the house -RRB- and after cleanup this morning everything is good . It looks like even a 2-second use is enough to put in the empty zone so I 'll order a replacement . MONEY WELL SPENT .
 Bought this to carry in my Jeep . Price was right for a multi purpose fire extinguisher Fits perfectly in the roll bar holder .
 Bought two as christmas gifts for my son 's new houses ... yeah , they thought I was crazy , but makes me feel better . I would definitely purchase it again !
 This was exactly what we needed . However I found the price slightly cheaper in a local Home Depot store nearby . That 's unusual but it was still a good deal .
 It looks exactly like a fire extinguisher , so I assume thats what it does . No way of testing it and I sure hope I never have too . Comes with the mounting bracket but no screws . The strap with the mount is a little chincy but should work fine and I doubt it will break as its not something that will be used on a regular basis .
 It came in good shape , with the gauge indicating it was full . It 's a nice size and is n't unwieldy to pick up . Other than that , I ca n't rate it since I wo n't use it unless I have an emergency .
 A housewarming gift or the son 's new house . . hope he never needs it , but feel good that he has them all over ... He says it is a bit hefty , but it is an ABC rated use one . . you need that !
 Got mine at the local Home Depot for $ 19 . Opened and checked it in the store to ensure it was fully charged and there were no leaks . Looks sturdy and well built . I ca n't comment on whether it works and how good it works until I actually use it ... and this is one product I hope I will never have to use .
 Do n't know if this works or not , have n't had to use it ! I hope I never do . If so , I 'll let you know ! LOL
 I have n't had to use this thing yet , and hopefully I wo n't . But it arrived fast as always , and fully charged . Everything looks to be in working order and even comes with a mount for your wall . I 'd recommend everyone buy one . For the price you ca n't go wrong .
 This miter box is metal and has nice tight tolerance . I use it to cut nice even cork fishing rod handles and works great for that .
 Honestly what I was expecting was the kind of cheaply `` made in China '' tools you get at Walmart for pennies on the dollar . I was actually quite impressed by what you get here . Everything seems not bad quality , you can still tell they are on the cheaper end of the spectrum but you get a LOT of different parts for basically any quick electric repairs.For about $ 18 this is a pretty good deal considering Radio Shack sells a crimper alone for $ 12 . It would be good to have this around along with an emergency tool kit . If you plan to use this a lot I would n't suggest this kit , while okay quality I do n't think it could withstand daily use .
 I am a woman who is not very knowledgable when it comes to power tools . I needed a cordless drill to install some outside plant hangers and other items so I read the reviews for the Skil 14.4 Volt 3/8-Inch Cordless Drill with Stud Finder . I purchased it based on the good reviews and I have to save it is the best drill I have ever owned . Once fully charged it works as well as any electric drill . I got the job done in no time and have found many more uses for it in the house as well . A great buy !
 This replaced our American Standard porcelain double compartment sink -LRB- same size -RRB- . Our previous sink cost 3 times as much and chipped within months and rusted along the edges -LRB- severely -RRB- within a couple of years . Although it had a lifetime guarantee , what was I gon na do ... pack it up and send it back and wait for a replacement ? Though it took a while to decide what material to get our next sink in , the choice to get solid surface has been great so far . Though this sink marks easily , everything scrubs right out with a little soft scrub and scrubbing pad -LRB- easily -RRB- . Marks on the porcelain sink were permanent . I like the feel and quietness of this sink over stainless as well . Acrylic is a joke for something as heavily used as a kitchen sink and granite composite I did n't know much about -LRB- other than people reviewing about leakage and cracking issues -RRB- . The sink came with one hole -LRB- our preference as we were going with a contemporary faucet -RRB- and we had to drill out one more for a soap dispenser . No problems at all and there were even pilot holes on the underside so you could n't make a mistake on the alignment.The biggest surprise upgrade has been the change to a single compartment sink . At this size , the single compartment is HUGE , and every pot we own fits . It is much easier to clean pots and pans in this sink than the double compartment sink and large items like grill grates and full oven racks actually fit and can be completely submerged ! Anything smaller washes through the dishwasher anyway , and it has always been recommended that pots and pans be washed by hand due to the caustic properties of the automatic dishwashing detergents . Now , it is a lot easier to clean our pots and pans -LRB- and other stuff -RRB- . We also got a metal drying rack that fits over about a third of the sink that we can stack dishes in after being washed in the sink . The plates can simply just be sprayed off right where they sit and you 're done ! This system works great whenever we decide to wash anything by hand . Typically , you would wash in one and rinse in the other but that does n't work well when items do n't fit . Not missing the second compartment at all!On a lighter note , this sink probably makes a great baby bathtub .
 This sink was one of the best purchases we made in our do-it-yourself kitchen remodel.It was exactly as presented and the customer service when we called the company was friendly and helpful . We made a slight nick on the sink when a wrench slipped off the counter and hit the side . It only bothered me , but I knew I would see it forever . I followed the directions and sanded it out in no time . It is not visible , I ca n't even find where it was , three weeks later.The sink cleans beautifully with ordinary cleanser . It is a wonderful product .
 I love my new sink . It was easy to install , has a great finish and is so deep ! Lots of compliments on it over the holidays .
 It is a solid sink and serves our intended use admirably . Stains clean off easily . The sink is not loud , and is large enough on the one side for our large bowls , pans , and food dryer trays.Cons : attachment bracket screws are plasticOne of the attachment inserts was damaged , another fell out , And it was mighty difficult to fasten those along the front , having to slide hand with tool in it up between the deep sink -LRB- remember , deep -RRB- and the inside face of the cabinet and try to finagle the by then `` stoopid '' brackets into position and screw them down -LRB- up , as it were , lying on back with head under the sink -RRB- . If there is a trick to that , it would have been useful to have on the installation instructions . I had already applied sealer to the underside of the lip of the sink , positioned it , then discovered the fastening difficulty - how to line those things up -LRB- ! -RRB- - pulled it off and tried again , then cleaned up the gooey mess .
 I love this sink . I purchased it for in my laundry room . It is nice and large and works perfect for this area . Looks great too ! Way better than the standard laundry sinks ! I am very happy with it .
 this sink is beautiful . it arrived quickly , packed well . this color will not show stains or scratches , even from metal pans that get scrubbed across it .
 Love the bone color . It matches our countertop perfectly . Love the feel of it . Love the sound -LRB- or lack of sound -RRB- when throwing things into it . Love the depth . Love the look . Can you tell that I love it ? Wish it was going in the house . We got it to replace the cheapest sink possible in our RV . Now the RV is better than the house . I can live with that .
 The sink is so large and deep . Perfect for large pots and pans . Could bath a St. Bernard almost . Love it
 Dishwashing is a breeze in this sink . Love everything about it . The depth of the sink is unbelievable ! The single bowl makes washing large pots and pans almost effortless .
 Instructions was stright to the point without any hype added . I replaced my old alarm with this new one sucessfully . Only problem I had was trying to use the old connector with the new smoke alarm . Thought I could take a short-cut but do n't do it . Use the new connector that comes with the unit .
 Our home came with 7 Kidde # 1275 units . One failed and the ordered replacement unit arrived rapidly and worked just fine .
 This product was in my house when I bought it and obviously is still there today . It works great and has never given me the problems it has been reported to give others . If you are expecting any smoke detector to be maintenance-free it would be best to resort to your nose . Otherwise , this product , like others , is not without some minor maintenance issues . I have only had to replace one . The house is six years old and has 7 installed . By the way , the reason I had to replace one was the previous owner removed the detector and I could not find it when I moved in . Follow the manufacture 's recommendation and you will be fine .
 The best feature of this smoke alarm is it 's ability to sound off any or all of the other smoke alarms connected to it . I checked with Kidde the manufacturer and they term this feature single or multiple stations . For people like us that have a guest house where an elderly family member lives and a detached garage , it 's great to know that we are connected to the detached parts of our dwelling in fire safety in case a fire was to start anywhere on our property .
 thanks for the low price on a wonderful item . very fast shipping as well .
 My alarm has been chirping for weeks , at first just once in a while and lately it chirped constantly.I downloaded the User Guide from this URL : http://www.kiddeus.com/utcfs/ws-384/Assets/1275H_440381en.pdfand learned that I needed to change the battery . So I installed a 9V battery I had on hand but no joy-it still chirped.So I called the tech . help 800 number and after a short -LRB- ish -RRB- wait I talked with a tech and related what I had tried so far . He asked if I used one of the battery types named in the User Guide . I had n't so he asked me to use one of the recommended batteries and call back if the alarm still chirped . It seemed odd that it would be sensitive to battery brand/type but what the heck I 'd already tried everything else.So I 'm pleased to report that using a Duracell 1604 will kill the chirp , chirp , chirping.We have six Kidde 1275 's throughout our house one in the basement , one in each bedroom , one in the entry and one in the upstairs hall . They all work fine and after six years -LRB- I know change battery every year -RRB- only one needed any attention at all.Hope this helps someone .
 I 've had these for 5 years . I 've replaced the batteries twice in the 7 units I have wired together . When the first one starts chirping I change the battery in all of them . I had a chirp at 4 in the morning once . It was a low battery . I removed the unit causing the problem for dealing with in the morning . Changed all the batteries the next day and waited for the next chirp 2 years later . Buy good batteries so they will last longer and not cheap off brand batteries and you will not have problems . As for the manual . The builder did not leave me a copy of the manual when our house was built . I entered Kidde model 1275 on a search engine . One of the selections took me right to the kidde web site where I printed it out . Bam ... . A Manual . They seem to work great as far as I 'm concerned . Other than 2 instances of a smoking oil pan with too hot oil for buffalo wings , I have thankfully not had an opportunity to try them out . What is good is that there was minimal smoke and the alarm went off . That ionization thing works great . Even after 5 years ... . Good product . Get it , or it 's replacement ...
 The shreeking of a smoke detector interrupted our slumber several times before we decided we had a failure . The replacement came earlier than scheduled , fit perfectly and was billed properly . thanks !
 Two of these alarms were installed by contractors in 1994 during the building of our home -LRB- it is 2012 now -RRB- . Some eight years later after the installation , we thought we were getting nuisance alarms . It soon became clear that nuisance alarms were being set off due to the 110v wire plug connectors aging and these connectors were now loose fitting . The nuisance alarms appeared to be an indication that the wire connections between the two alarms were failing . I guess I would n't call that a nuisance alarm anymore . We also noticed that the alarms had been in service well beyond their lifetimes , and have since replaced both alarms with identical replacements . We are thankful that we had these apparent nuisance alarms as they highlighted a safety issue -LRB- outdated alarm detectors -RRB- .
 These were the alarms installed in my new house when I moved in 14 years ago . They 're recommended for replacement well before that , but I never had any major problems . All alerted when battery replacement was necessary -LRB- every year or so -- so well that I 've never just replaced batteries at the DST change -- just when they start beeping as advertised . -RRB- One had plastic mounting pins break due to my manhandling when changing batteries , and another finally failed -LRB- routine testing -RRB- this past year due to age . Replaced with similar units some time ago -LRB- because they were drop in replacements requiring no installation modification -RRB- and all are working fine . Good product .
 The 1275 is discontinued . The rating is for the product that was sent . They were nice enough to reimburse me the price difference . Save yourself the aggrevation and just order the i12040A with battery back up and `` hush '' feature as a similar and plug in compatible replacement . Mine has been working for me for about a month without any problems .
 I had to do considerable research to match the AC wired smoke detector for my system . There are so many out there . The exact unit for a replacement was available and this vendor got it to me.Keep and test your smoke detectors regularly . It may save the lives of you and your family.Thanks , JohnKidde 1275 120-Volt/9-Volt Battery/Electric Smoke Alarmhttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00002ND66/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 We had a 15 year old alarm die on us and it turned out that the model had been discontinued . Fortunately Amazon had the replacement model we needed and it worked like a charm . Amazon to the rescue once again ! : - -RRB-
 I searched the internet for almost an hour to find this type of screwdriver . I am so glad the Amazon.com had what I was looking for .
 These are extremely rugged flashlights . I have had them in some very bad situations and they have continued to hold up . I especially like the loop on the end of the flashlights which I use to hang them up in areas where I know ultimately I will be searching for a flashlight . And finally , I have never had one of these particular flashlights quit on me because the contacts were not just right , as one runs into with many flashlights .
 I am an appraiser and find the Keson tapes to be very useful in my business . Measuring houses in rain can be difficult enough . The wheel and strap on the tape is great to have and easy to move .
 Exactly what I wanted , a cheap measuring tape long enough to stretch along my entire backyard , with both metric and standard measurement .
 I 've been using it for about 6 months now , no problems , still going strong for all my needs . It 's not going to replace a spring fed box metal tape design for shorter distances , but anything more than 20 feet you 'll want to get one of these for anyway .
 I purchased this tape in the middle of a project when I accidentally stepped on my 100 ' metal tape on a concrete floor and of course it shattered . I have n't used a fiberglass measuring tape before because I thought the tape might stretch and give erroneous results . This tape has been very useful , I like the case and the edge of the tape wo n't cut you like a metal one sometimes will . If it has any stretch at all , I can not feel it , even pulling very tight , I think it is more than accurate enough for project where you would use a 100 ' tape measure . The tape has metric on one side and english markings on the other . This is occasionally useful . An excellent value .
 These TEKTON `` 8-Inch Bolt Cutters '' work well for cutting fencing and small chains , which is exactly what I needed . Here are my observations : Pros - + Good Quality ; these are surprisingly rugged + Small Size ; not much bigger than my large diagonal cutting wire-cutters + Strong ; cuts through softer metals with easeCons -- Small Jaws ; ca n't fit larger pieces in itThese are really handy to have around and the small size makes it convenient to keep in the tool kit.Highly Recommended!CFH
 Sometimes accidents occur and if someone is impaled by a fish hook , this is the tool to have if you are first-aid savvy.Rapid fish hook removal , followed by good first-aid before going to the doctor 's office for treatment and a tetnus shot , is - in my opinion - highly desirable.The Tekton 3386 is ideal for such an emergency and can cleanly cut through the barbs of large fish hooks used in both fresh and salt water.If , however , you are fishing for Moby Dick you may want to opt for a larger size .
 These work well , even after a year of occasional use . I keep them in my tool bag behind the seat in my truck , so you can imagine the random situations i 've had to use these in . A couple of weeks ago I used them to cut the wedding ring off of a friend 's finger after it was injured and began swelling . Chain link can easily be cut with these . I 'm thinking that the unsatisfied customers expected more out of a seven dollar pair of cutters . . or they misunderstood the jaw capacity . These are pretty strong , and for the price I 'd say they are impressive in quality . Would I use them for work knowing they would be abused on a daily basis ? Probably not . . but again , for my situation they are perfect .
 These are a great set of mini bolt cutters that are well made . For the money they ca n't be beat . I used them to install leather interior in my car . I used regular wire cutters on the first seat to cut the hog rings then ordered a pair of these . They made the job of cutting hog rings very easy . Highly recommended for the money .
 The best mini bolt cutter . Its always in your tool bag when you need it . Its like a spared tire , its always there but when you need it your glad that you have it .
 Does the job for when you need it the most , a most have in the bug out bag , strong and small
 I bought this cutter to cut wires of fences in the backyard of my house . I tried it with cutting pliers , but it was not possible because the wire was too thick for cutting pliers . This bolt cutter does cut the fence wire very easily and comfortably . I have n't tried to cut bolts , but it works ok for cutting metal wires .
 I find that this thing is a more effective cutter than regular pliers , but because it 's so small you either need powerful hands or something to sleeve the handles with for extra leverage . Also , it does n't have as much throat as a full-size bolt cutter , so it takes a couple snips to cut steel chain -LRB- but it can be done ! -RRB- Better than shears - for SOME purposes - but not recommended to replace a full-size bolt cutter .
 This is by far one of the most complete clamp sets available today . Very good quality . Works really well with Bowclamps and is a great addition to the K-Body clamps . This is the set to buy if you are just starting or need to replace your clamps with others .
 I 've used bar clamps before , but now it was finally time to get my own set . I 'm thrilled with this set - they are SO easy to adjust . I find myself using the smallest sizes in place of my old C-clamps . The only thing lacking in the set is several 48 '' clamps -LRB- only goes up to 36 '' -RRB- , but aside from that it 's a great starter set of quality clamps.Having read the other reviews , and having ordered around Christmas time , I was FULLY expecting my set to arrive in thrashed boxes , and possibly having to deal with damaged clamps . Much to my surprise , the shipment came in two manageable boxes , and not abused at all , although after looking at the packaging , it was due mainly to careful handling .
 This was a product well worth the money and worth the wait . I was a little concerned from other reveiws on the shipping issue but thatwas not a problem when it arrived . The boxes were in perfectcondition ! Also my hats off to the ups driver who carryed it upmy steep 100 ft drive way ! -LSB- ... -RSB- Over all the whole process was flawlessand very smooze . Thanx again !
 I debated ordering these for several months . I waited for a sale price or free shipping from Grizzly or Amazon , but it never came . The poor packaging reviews scared me , but my two boxes arrived in perfect condition . The boxes were smaller than I thought they would be and each weighed 35lbs . I 'm happy with the clamps but for some reason I thought they would be a little beefier . They are solid , do n't get me wrong , but I envisioned them being more of a medium duty size .
 Having so many of Bessey 's shows I did not go wrong by buying quantity with quality that will last a lifetime . I do own some Jorgensen clamps and on the wooden handles the rivets stick out cutting into your hand while tightening . Do n't go cheap on the first clamps like I did , buy quality .
 Good quality clamps . In fact , the best on the market . Grizzly Shipping Policies are grate . I received them in less then 24 hours .
 Each bar is marked as made in Taiwan . The clips hold sockets well and do n't tend to jiggle or shift on the bar . The clips even hold heavy 1.25 inch sockets and 3/4 &#34; by 3 inch long . It 's fairly easy to remove clips and combine them in different orders to order a number of sockets by size even if they have different base square sizes . I like to keep the sockets in the pockets of a tool bucket but the rails are too long to fit , so I 'm going to cut one rail in half using a Dremel cutting wheel.My only complaint is the clips have a fair amount of variability in how they were bent , meaning some must be pulled apart a lot to slip onto the rail while others almost slip on without effort . It strikes me as odd there would be so much variability in an item presumably manufactured on an assembly line using some sort of bending machine . Could clips somehow be bent by hand ? The variability makes it a little easier or harder to get bits on and off of individual clips , but I did n't notice any where the bit actually felt loose or where the clip felt loose on the rail . I suppose there is an advantage in some variability as you could put a bit you use a lot on a clip that 's easier to get the bit onto and you could put heavy bits onto tighter clips .
 The rail set is perfect for the price . It is not fancy but it does the job of organizing the sockets . I would recommend this to a friend .
 These work great ; I just wish there were a few more socket `` holders '' on the 1/4-inch and 3/8-inch rails . Not a big setback , though , as I 'll just order more !
 Good deal , great way to organize rogue sockets found around a job site or around the house.Four stars as it just seems you can fit more sockets on each bar with smaller sockets if they included more of the little tabs .
 I found these to be a good value for the money . My sockets all fit on , nice and snug . You can adjust the socket holders up and down on the rails . The rails are also all the same size , so you can mix and match the socket holders between rails , if you want . For example , the 1/4 &#34; rail is a little long , so you can move all of the holders from a 2nd one onto just one to minimize the space they take up . Ca n't beat them for the money . I ordered 2 and will be ordering a few more .
 I bought two sets of these.They workgreat for my use.It would be nice ifthey had twice as many socket clipson each rail.Most socket rails i haveseen only have about sixteen on eachrail.I would recommend these to others.Count your sockets so you will know howmany to order .
 These are n't as `` solid '' as the Craftsman brand , and they do n't have the nice handle , but they are a much better value .
 I bought this disc after hearing the last song on Grey 's Anatomy finale this season - but the entire disc is phenomenal . Definitely plan on purchasing more of their albums .
 This product was exactly as advertised . i recommend wholly . A + + + + . It is all good for me . -LRB- more words to appease Amazon.com , though nothing more to say -RRB- .
 This is such a good all around cd . The first 4 songs are just great ! Chasing Cars is sooo good . The first song si also a stand out !
 Well another Snow Patrol Cd and another piece of magic.This cd is just awesome.The Killer Cut on this disc is Chasing Cars . . Very similar to Run but even better.If i had to be picky the cd is missing a huge out and out classic pop tune like Chocolate , But over all its a much better album than Final Straw.My fave tunes on this disc.You Could Be Happy a killer Ballad . . Of course the future massive hit single Chasing Cars.And Your All I Have.So many great tracks but those are the ones that stand out for me.But buy this cd you wont regret it .
 Most of the songs on Eyes Open are origional , good music . None of the tracks were especially bad . My favorites are Spitting Games , Chocolate , Run & Somewhere a clock is ticking .
 Today this CD came out all over the U.S. I got a copy and I have to sit and wonder how does Gary do it ? Final Straw was simply brilliant . This CD might even top that . Between his side project `` Reindeer Section '' and Snow Patrol , this guy has shown that he is a musical genuis ; and this CD proves it . Let me give you a review of the songs.You 're All I Have - 5/5 - This song gives hope for hopeless romantics everywhere.Hands Open - 6/5 - `` It 's hard to argue when you wo n't stop making sense ... '' Kinda reminds me of the rave reviews this CD 's getting.Chasing Cars - 6/5 - Quite possibly the best song on the CD . I saw somebody compared this song to `` Run '' . -LRB- song on `` Final Straw '' -RRB- I think that the structure of the song is similiar definately , but with a slightly different feel.Shut Your Eyes - 5/5 - Paints a nice picture.It 's Beginning To Get To Me - 4/5 - Great song.You Could Be Happy - 6/5 - It 's campy lullaby feel gives off a sense of comfort . It 's definately going to be a SP classic soon.Make This Go On Forever - 4/5 - This reminds me of `` Chocolate '' . I have no idea why . Anyway beautiful song.Set Fire To The Third Bar - 5/5 - Lovely duet.Headlights On A Dark Road - 5/5 - Not much to say on this one yet.Open Your Eyes - 10/5 - In my opinion it 's the best song on the CD . It 's touching lyrics grab you from the start and take you for a ride . Then the song comes to a wonderful climax at the end . BRILLIANT.The Finish Line - 4/5 - Great song to end with . Possibly my least favorite on the CD though.So anyway I hope this helped you guys . This CD is totally worth every penny .
 The moment that Snow Patrol 's `` Chasing Cars '' started and kicked the closing moments of the season 2 finale of `` Grey 's Anatomy '' in to dramatic overdrive , I have been hooked . The album `` Eyes Open '' is the Irish bands 4th studio album and finer collection of radio friendly pop rock hits has never before graced my CD player . From the the guitar heavy pop rock track `` Hands Open '' to the bitter sweet post breakup friendly `` You Could be Happy '' , `` Eyes open '' has something to appeal to everyone . `` Trash-able '' is this albums only week spot . Within days the constant abuse at the hands of my media player of choice had caused the tracks to blend into one continuous noise . It is a rare treat for me indeed to be so completely sold on a whole album instead of a couple of excellent singles . So regardless of its `` thrash-ability '' and its pop radio friendly sound , I highly recommend this album .
 Snow Patrol made a transatlantic splash with their third album , `` Final Straw , '' and their bittersweet , longing rock 'n' roll.And the Scotpop band does n't rock the boat on their fourth album , `` Eyes Open . '' These guys go further into mope-rock land that is usually associated with Coldplay , and tinker around with music-box pop and spook-folk . The result is haunting , expansive and very enjoyable.It starts off on a strong note -- driving guitars , `` woo-hooo-hooo ! '' backing vocals , and a tough rock rhythm . `` You 're All I Have '' probably slated to be a radio single , with a catchier and more upbeat sound . The first few songs are followed with other solid , clean-edged rockers like `` In My Arms '' and the taut intensity of `` Headlights on Dark Roads . `` Snow Patrol is good at that music , but some of the songs are n't as complex as they could be . They 're bouncy and have a raw appeal , and they even homage indiefolk god Sufjan Stevens in one of their catchy numbers . The only problem is that the bouncy numbers tend to be a bit repetitive musically , although they are still great listening.But they really shine in the quiet songs . `` Shut Your Eyes '' is a sparkling , magical little song , followed by quiet , chilly songs that range from acoustic rock to bittersweet music-box pop . The creative peak is probably `` Set Fire To The Third Bar , '' a delicate duet with Martha Wainwright.Yeah , everyone says that Snow Patrol sounds like Coldplay . Well , ignore them . For one thing , Snow Patrol has been putting out music for substantially longer . For another , their blend of crunchy rock and bittersweet balladry is a more satisfying , solid mix of music.Frontman Gary Lightbody sounds even better here than he was in `` Final Straw , '' where there was a bit of hesitation in his voice . Here , he sounds confident , smooth and richly melancholic . And unlike many singers , he sounds like he 's actually felt the way the songs describe
 Over the two years iTunes has been issuing their Free Single of the Week , they have introduced us to a wide variety of songs ; some did n't make a dent in the musical landscape while others have gone on to be legitimate hits . I always find it funny when what was once a free single ends up a top seller because the people buying it could have gotten it for free at one point . But anyways . Arguable the best free song over the past two years was Run by Snow Patrol . I played the song obsessively , eventually making the song the most played song on my iPod so naturally I was chopping at the bit to hear their new material on the newly released Eyes Open.The album opens with a sixties influenced You 're All I Have with synthesizers and harmonies but with guitars turned up . Over the next forty-five minutes the band takes you on a sonic journey from the highs to the lows that almost make you understand the U2 comparisons . Not in that they sound like the band , no one will ever be able to recreate the sound The Edge gets out of his guitars , instead Snow Patrol are able to craft music that does n't sound like anything else but is still palatable to a wide listening audience . Much like Run , Chasing Cars has and ebb and flow to it that just grabs you by the ear buds.The journey you envision in your mind just maybe the theme of the album as they tell us to , `` Just close your eyes until you can imagine this place , you 're our secret space at will '' -LRB- Shut Your Eyes -RRB- . Then at the end of the journey they want so much to open your eyes Cos I need you to look into mine '' -LRB- Open Your Eyes -RRB- to make sure we both got there before we get to the last track , The Finnish Line.Along the way there is the lullaby , complete with xylophones that could be used in a Disney ride in an alternate universe , on You Could Be Happy . Then there 's the grandeur Make This Go on Forever that , if it went on forever I would n't have minded . The song builds and builds on piano as more and more people join the choir that helps out on the chorus . Then the album then quickly crashes into the more somber Set the Fire to the Third Bar , a beautiful ballad that Martha Wainwright helps with moody word especially when the two singers hit the chorus , `` I 'm miles from where you are , I lay down on the cold ground I , I pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms . `` If there was one negative to Snow Patrol is they still have yet to master the straight away rocker in the vain of Vertigo . When they do on songs like the unfortunate first single Hands Open as well as It 's Beginning to Get to Me and Headlights on the Dark Road seem to blend into each other and are too much like a couple songs off the last album . If on future releases they are able to craft a bombastic stadium anthem or two , they just may live up to the moniker of this generation 's U2 .
 I 'm really not sure why there are so many bad reviews of this CD . I think its every bit as good as Final Straw but in a different way . Some fans and or critics just want a band to pump out the same old songs again and again and again . How boring that would be , so if you want the Final Straw pt.II you will not be getting it . What you will get are 11 well crafted songs that have that Snow Patrol sound with a different twist here and there . I liken it to the step Coldplay took from their first CD to their second . I know this is not Snow Patrols second CD but the progression from one CD to the other is there . Its a very enjoyable listen . For those who want bands to put out the same sounding CD after CD please start listening to those premanufactured boy bands cause thats the only thing they put out .
 Ok , so Final Straw had Run , one of the best songs I have ever heard with some of the best lyrics ever as well ; however , Final Straw as a whole was n't that great . I loved Run , How to Be Dead , and thought Same was pretty good too , yet other touted songs like Chocolate , Somewhere a Clock is Ticking , and Splitting Games were n't nearly as good as some said . Overall Eyes Open is much better album than Final Straw and so much better than When It 's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up . Its pretty clear that Snow Patrol has gone really mainstream with album , but having listened to the album I do n't view it as a bad quality . Critic 's review have been just as praiseworthy as those have for Final Straw , both getting 4 out of 5 stars from AMG . Another complaint I read , lyrics . Just listen to Chasing Cars , really listen to it , read the lyrics , and you will see Snow Patrol can still write some pretty damn good lyrics . Instead of the redundant rhytms of When Its All Over , that also hurt parts of Final Straw , Eyes Open really switches it up , making it , in my opinion , the best Snow Patrol album yet . I think the main complaint is because Final Straw does n't have a song like Run , it has Open Your Eyes which has a huge , absoleutly gigantic wall of guitars at the end like run , but without the lyrics of romantic distress and beautiful strings , but it is a great song nonetheless . My personal favorite is Chasing Cars , with lyrics just as good as those in Run or any other Snow Patrol song for that matter , and also with a much harder sound -LRB- its slow at first , but the guitars get turned up later -RRB- . We 'll do it allEverythingOn our ownWe do n't needAnythingOr anyoneIf I lay hereIf I just lay hereWould you lie with me and just forget the world?I do n't quite knowHow to sayHow I feelThose three wordsAre said too muchThey 're not enoughIf I lay hereIf I just lay hereWould you lie with me and just forget the world?Amazing ... Here is my list ranking the songs in order -LRB- out of 5 stars -RRB- .1 . Chasing Cars 52 . Open Your Eyes 4.93 . It 's Beginning to Get to Me 4.74 . Set the Fire to the Third Bar 4.54 . You 're All I Have 4.56 . Headlights On A Dark Road 4.37 . Hands Open 4.08 . The Finish Line 3.78 . You Could Be Happy 3.710 . You Could Be Happy 3.511 . Shut Your Eyes 2.4 That 's what I have to say . Snow Patrol has changed their sound to one more mainstream that can parallel to mishmash of recent UK and Ireland Rock/pop like Coldplay and U2 , but considering I love those two bands , I do n't mind one bit ...
 The first song I heard from this band was ` Make This Go on Forever ' and I was less than impressed . It 's not that it 's a bad song , just at one listen it was n't anything that really moved me . Then I heard ` Hands Open ' and I said to myself ... `` They got something here '' ... but it still was n't enough to really push me to make a purchase . Then yesterday happened.True story . I 'm on my way to a doctor 's appointment listening to the radio and some chick calls in and starts going off about how they MUST play ` Chasing Cars ' because it 's her favorite song ever and the guy on the radio says it 's his favorite song too and so he played it . About three words into it and I was absorbed . I 've never been that touched by a song since first hearing Damien Rice 's ` Blowers Daughter ' . I veered off course to the nearest Best Buy and bought the CD , making myself 15 minutes late to my doctor 's appointment , but it was well worth it . Since then I 've listened to this album three times back to back and I 'm listening to it even now as I write this review.The album starts off with ` You 're All I Have ' which is a good song , but nothing really spectacular . It 's a nice intro to the power of the remainder of this album . ` Hands Open ' is one of my favorite songs here , and the more and more I listen to it the more I love it . It 's simple , lyric wise and even music wise but it 's still a standout . ` Chasing Cars ' ... One word ... BRILLIANT ! It actually ` almost ' brings me to tears . Lead singer Gary Lightbody made a comment about being the type of band that grabs you at the heart , and he makes good on that comment with this song . When Lightbody sings `` If I just lay here , would you lie with me and just forget the world ? '' I 'm moved in a way that music rarely does . ` Shut Your Eyes ' has a great beat , a great musical arrangement that helps it stand out . I 'm not huge on the chanting at the end -LRB- the whole `` shut your eyes and sing to me '' part -RRB- but it 's forgivable . ` It 's Beginning to Get to Me ' is another great song with deep lyrics that touch me , but it 's the tragic ` You Could be Happy ' that stands out as a real tear jerker . It goes straight for the heart with its interesting piano-type chimes and sad lyrics -LRB- `` Is it too late to remind you how we were ? '' -RRB- about a failed romance and just wanting your ex to be happy . It 's beautiful . That brings me to ` Make This go On Forever ' . As I mentioned , when I first heard this song I was less than impressed , but after hearing it four times I have to say that it 's quite impressive . The lyrics are really what makes it stand out . It 's not much of a song for vocal range , having been sung very monotone , but the power in the lyrics are what make it stand out -LRB- `` My words just break and melt . Please just save me from this darkness . '' -RRB- Martha Wainwright has such a beautiful voice that compliments Gary Lightbody very well , and as they sing ` Set the Fire to the Third Bar ' I 'm captivated . The Chorus is almost enchanting . ` Headlights on Dark Roads ' is also a standout to me . It 's got more of a rock feel to it . I really like ` Open Your Eyes ' and the closer ` The Finish Line ' is a great way to close out this nearly perfect album , very delicate , very fragile . Not since listening to ` O ' have I ever been this into any one artist . Snow Patrol has been likened to Dashboard and Coldplay , two great bands in themselves , but to me Snow Patrol is a notch above , just barely elevating over Coldplay in delivering a wonderfully beautiful and unique musical experience you wo n't soon forget !
 I , too , love Snow Patrol , and I did not come to `` Eyes Open '' as a willing victim , having paid full price for the CD unheard . After 10 + listens I can assure anyone contemplating buying this album , especially a fan , it is easily and away , at least , the next step after -LRB- the -RRB- `` Final Straw , '' the album that made me a fan . Perhaps , it 's just me , but I feel every song on this record speaks to me on such an incredibly deep , special , unique , and personal way that I had to share my feelings with you . Snow Patrol have tapped a level beyond great song writing . The emotions , and sheer power of their lyrics are so brilliantly understated , yet undeniable , and likely to leave a permanent impact -LRB- good scar -RRB- on anyone who can relate to what they are talking about . As a record producer , I also very well appreciate the fact that there is a ton of musical growth here . I completely disagree with all the negative reviews . It 's not mindless pop at all ... in fact it 's the complete opposite . Deeply resonant modern music of the first order . Keyword is deep , but not buried . More like subtle . If you love really good music , this record will not disappoint you ... And keep on not disappointing you as long as any record Snow Patrol has made to date .
 `` Eyes Open '' is Scottish band Snow Patrol 's fourth album . Gary Lightbody 's vocals are richly melancholic , and you get the sense he means what he sings . Most of the songs here are about the ups and downs of relationships , but told from a more mature perspective than the average pop fodder on the radio these days.These alt rockers know how to balance crunchy rock numbers with moving , melancholic ballads . They definitely share a kinship with other bands like The Cure , Semisonic , Third Eye Blind , Travis and even Keane . They straddle the fence between being an Emo-band and straightforward alternative . There 's plenty to like on `` Eyes Open '' like the rocker `` You 're All I Have '' followed by `` Hands Open '' . `` Hands Open '' could be an alternative hit . The ballad `` Chasing Cars '' could also be a hit , as well as `` Shut Your Eyes '' . I could go on and on because there really is n't a dud on this cd . So why the four stars then ? Well , I think the band could still grow . I mean , was U2 's `` War '' the best they could possibly do , or was there still room to grow?I think Snow Patrol sit on a precipice where they could grow , change and become a landmark band , or they could stagnate , withdraw and find themselves lost in the alt rock desert . They show great promise with `` Eyes Open '' and their last album `` Final Straw '' . Here 's hoping they 'll continue to make great music and have a long career .
 At first listen I could definetely tell this album was going to take some getting use to . The vocals are much different than the previous album `` Final Straw '' which , might I say , is probably the better of the two albums . I hate to compare artists albums because they all have there own unique sound but I guess `` Final Straw '' had more of an impact on me . But `` Eyes Open '' had only been out for a week now so I 'm sure it just needs more time to sink in . I 'm still not dissapointed at all . It 's all I 'd hoped for.The new album , as a whole , is still quite breathtaking and very inspirational . I can go through the entire album without skipping a track . I 'll most likely be listening to this album for months to come . Their music has definetley matured from what it once was , even dating back to the reindeer section . Gary Lightbody has proved himself as one of the premier singer/songwritters in the music industry . At least by my point of view . Anyone who knocks this album must be an idiot or deaf ... either one . Thank you , that is all .
 Many of their songs were more upbeat than in their previous album . I beleive it is a great album and will be attending their concert in six days .
 By judging the wave of reviews on this new snow patrol album , it becomes readily apparent that there is a new `` tv '' audience to Snow Patrol that was n't there for the previous albums . To say that this album is monotonous or a one-hit album is straight blasphemy.Just one listen to `` Set the Fire to the 3rd Bar '' left me speechless . That is THE song of 2007 for me and we are not even there yet .
 I was a big fan of Final Straw . Tracks like Wow , Chocolate , Run , and Somewhere a Clock is Ticking led the playcount on my ipod for months . I thought Final Straw was a huge step foward from albums like Songs for Polarbears , which was , in my view , boring . I think Eyes Open is a small step back . Overall , it is a solid album , but it lacks the depth of Final Straw . I agree with a previous reviewer who stated that some of the tracks are too simple to be interesting . However , tracks like Chasing Cars , It 's Beginning to Get to Me , You Could Be Happy , the Finish Line , and , to a lesser degree , You 're All I Have and Hands Open and are good enough to make the album worth the money . Add Gary Lightbody 's always subperb vocals -LRB- if you do n't think a good lead singer can make a big difference , listen to the train-wreck that is the Killers ' new album -RRB- and you have a pretty enjoyable album .
 I bought this album the day it was released and I just have to say , wow , I had listened to the album more than 30 times on repeat on itunes within the first week . Many people thought Snow Patrol could n't top FInal Straw , but Eyes Open is much better . Every song is solid , my favorite being Chasing Cars , used in the Grey 's Anatomy Finale . It is a powerful ballad which I think if released will widen Snow Patrol 's fanbase . Make This Go ON Forever , Hands Open are also among my favorite.All in all , get this album
 I somehow feel too biased to review this album ... Snow Patrol and their music have meant so much to me for many years now , and I ca n't help but wonder if the fact that their early albums helped shape me as a person when I was younger makes me think this new album is the eighth wonder of the world without merit . Oh well . I loved it - granted , I caught myself comparing it to a Coldplay album on several occasions , though as far as I 'm concerned , `` Eyes Open '' blows Coldplay out of the water . Gary Lightbody 's lyrics are brilliant as always , and the duet with Wainwright was reminiscent of the Raindeer Section days . Then again , there I go projecting - Snow Patrol reminds me of too much for me to be objective . In short , this is a pointless review ... I love this album . But I understand why others do n't .
 I just got this CD and I have n't been able to put it down yet . This CD is so beautiful , every song is that good . Gary 's vocals are breathtaking , and their 's a perfect mix of slow and fast songs . best songs
 You know what ??? After hearing the song `` Chasing cars '' on the season finale of Grey 's Anatomy I fell in love with the song and now that I have the album Snow Peas this music has touched me . I listen to variety of music but this entire CD calms me from start to finish . I ca n't really pick a favorite song . : -RRB-
 I have to say I thought Final Straw was great Album . . It is just Nice to Sit back and Listen these songs . . So when this Album came out , I wasnt sure whether they could do it again . . And they have ... Songs like ` Chasing Cars ' is Brilliant ... I cant get enough of it ... !! ... The Duet ` Set The Fire To The Third Bar ' really Hits you where it matters . . ` Eyes Open ' another great song to hear ... The other songs are all easy to hear and quite enjoyable ... So buy this album , it will make your collection only better . .
 The day I bought this cd I listened to it once and then put it away with the rest of my cds . No song really caught my attention except for `` Chasing Cars . '' A few days later , I took it out and gave it another chance . Then I started feeling something special about each of the songs . Now , I play it constantly on my iPod . I 've grown fond of it . It took a few listens for me to really get into it and now I love it !
 Years later this band is still impressing me and making me want to wipe my iTunes to only include their music . This album will always have a special place in my hear and is even autographed by the band . If you are new to their music this is a great place to start !
 totally love this cdsnow patrol has done it againevery song is great looking forwardto buying more of their cds
 this album reflects a moment in which the band was trying to get out there , and has really great pop rock songs that will make you shake your head and dance to the beat . it 's less indie than the two previous albums , but just as great .
 I just wish these guys had a little more edge to them . Most of them are good but some of them just need a little more edge and soul .
 great CD with wonderful songs , even for a grandmother like I am . Went to their concert and found every age group there . Worried I would be the oldest attendee
 I am not a hard core music guy but I repeatedly find Snow Patrol produce awesome stuff . I guess I might be becoming biased but I ca n't find an album from them that I do n't like . Loved it , still love it , in fact I think I will fire it up now .
 Good clean and like new case and cd . Sound is terrific . Well worth the wait . I 've been listening to the music at work .
 This is definitly one of those albums that you `` must have '' . Some tracks are simply amazing , like `` You 're all I have '' , `` Chasing cars '' , `` Open your eyes '' and `` Shut your eyes '' . But listen carefully to `` Make this go on forever '' . This song is beautifully amazing and I just ca n't get tired of listening to it . The lyric really go deep into your soul , like you can almost feel the fear and the pain , very well performed by Gary Lightbody , and I 've never seen such words put in that way ... it really makes you lose your breath.This song definitly became one of my top best songs ever .
 I 've been resisting listening to these guys because `` Chasing Cars '' sounds like the product of every other tiresome emo band out there , but the rest of the CD is surprisingly lovely . Personally , I think comparing them to the loathsome Coldplay is damning with faint praise -- actually , they 're closer to Crowded House in sensibility -LRB- ie , heartfelt instead of whiny , intelligent and thoughtful instead of cliched , etc. -RRB- . I 'm glad I overcame my prejudice and just listened , because they 're definitely worth the effort .
 When I first put this cd in I had to check if it truly was Snow Patrol ! This album shows their true tallent , displaying range of emotion and musical style , this album is their best one yet . Snow Patrol has grown in all their musical experience and shows it in this new album . It 's the best gamble you can take on a band you may not know much about , you wo n't be sorry when you buy it , in fact you will want all of their albums to find out just who these guys are .
 It 's rare that you ever buy an album that has more than one song that you love . This is that type of album . What made me buy it was `` Shut your eyes '' . I liked the other more heavily played songs , but that song is so lovely , haunting and thoughtful , that I had to here it again ... and again ... and again . What makes it even better is they are from Northern Ireland . Modern day Yeats for those who still like poetry as song . Well done !
 Easily this is my favorite album of the year . I had n't known much about Snow Patrol before hearing `` Hands Open '' on the radio , and being impressed . So I went and bought the album . It was well worth it , Eyes Open is extremely polished , highly accessible , and beautifully written.The album begins with the first single off of the record , `` You 're All I Have '' , which is my favorite on the album . `` Hands Open '' , the second song , is an energetic rocker unlike anything else you 'll find on Eyes Open . In fact , Snow Patrol have really created a diversified record here , most of the songs are very distinct from eachother and you 'll never feel like you 've just heard the same song.I 'm sure everyone 's heard `` Chasing Cars '' on the radio or television by now , it 's looking like Final Straw 's `` Run '' , only maybe not quite as good as that song . Still excellent though . The writing is superb , I think most will find that to be true . In fact I 'd say it 's the best part of the record . Gary Lightbody is extremely talented , and his voice just adds another layer of brilliance . He has a very nice tone to his voice , and you can detect his accent in there too , which adds personality.The best songs on this record are definitely `` You 're All I Have '' , `` It 's Beginning to Get to Me '' , `` Hands Open '' , `` The Finish Line '' , and `` Make This Go On Forever '' . The others are also outstanding tracks , and there 's nothing disappointing about Eyes Open at all . I must have listened to it 200 times!I actually bought the special edition version of Eyes Open , which is in a black casing that opens up . Inside you will find Lightbody 's commentary on all 11 tracks , which is kinda neat . It also contains 30 minutes of special features , which includes the making of the video `` You 're All I Have '' . Pick it up if you can find it , but if you ca n't , the original is just fine . You are in for a treat ! 5 stars , absolutely outstanding .
 I bought this album based on the song `` Chasing Cars '' I first heard when VH1 played the video . I like Coldplay , which this band has been compared to in both sound and song topics . So my feeling is you will appreciate this band a bit more if you already enjoy some of Coldplay 's hits.For me , this is an album that has gotten better the more I have listened to it . When I first popped in the CD , I kept skipping over just to get to `` Chasing Cars '' -LRB- which in my mind will be this band 's answer to Coldplay 's monster hit `` Yellow '' about five years ago -RRB- , a beautiful haunting tune that builds and builds to the point you wish it could go on longer . I was not taken immediately with the other songs . That changed with a few more long car trips.Now , the tracks listed as 1,2,3,4,8 , and 9 are constantly being rotated on my daily commutes . I have grown to like this album with repeated listenings . I have to say the lyrics are nothing critics will be raving about . Lines like `` I want to be the car crash/Not the traffic jam , '' which opens `` Headlights on Dark Roads -LRB- # 9 -RRB- , '' may make you do a double-take the first couple of times through and you will easily see why the album is called `` Eyes Open '' as looking into someone 's eyes is a theme played out in many songs.If you want a combination of good guitar driven melodies , some fast , some more haunting and relaxing , and are not expecting Dylan-like or Bono-esque lyrics , give `` Eyes Open '' a try .
 It was n't until I saw `` Chasing Cars '' on VH1 that I heard of Snow Patrol . I really wish I had heard of them earlier because after I purchased this cd that I found that I really enjoy all of the songs on this cd . I do n't write a lot of reviews and I 'm not going to go into each song but I will say this : Snow Patrol reminds me of the Gin Blossoms on all the upbeat tracks , and Damien Rice on all the more mellow tracks . I think this cd is a great mix of sentimentality , passion and the energy found in relationships . I personally like all the songs but if I were to list them in order right now here 's how they 'd rate
 I love this album . I think it stays true with Snow Patrols style but they 've expanded on it a little more . Each song takes on a life of its own . I am truly impressed . I was almost afraid to buy it , afraid that it would let me down after so many listens to my beloved `` Final Straw '' album , but it was definitely worth it . A beautiful album .
 Modern rock with a strong focus on melody and well-crafted songwriting . It 's apparent that the group fancies themselves as lovers and not fighters with the inclusion of so many ballads . Snow Patrol prove they can rock out like the rest of them on a few tracks , but ultimately the enduring balladry suits them best . ''
 Two of the greatest indie rock albums of all time , if not the greatest , is Snow Patrol 's ` Final Straw ' and their latest release ` Eye 's Open ' . I could n't wait for their next album after I heard ` Final Straw ' and quite frankly did n't think it would be as good because they set the bar so high but this album is amazing and beautiful and definately one of my favorites of all time . The tracks ` Chasing Cars ' and ` You Could Be Happy ' are stand outs but the entire album is 5/5 . Lastly if you like this album make sure you get ` Final Straw ' as well . Both tremendous .
 GREAT CD ! LOTS OF GREAT MUSIC . I BOUGHT IT FOR THE SONG `` CHASING CARS '' BUT BOY-DID I GET A LOT OF GREAT MUSIC !!!! EVERY SONG IS A WINNER !! I 'M REALLY ENJOYING IT .
 Snow Patrol strikes again and again with Eyes Open . Each song on this album stands out on it 's own while still keeping a general flow of a complete album alive . Unlike their contemporaries Coldplay and Keane -LRB- and indeed there own previous albums -RRB- this album is fantastic from first listen on . Right away I had `` You 're All I Have '' , `` Hands Open '' , and `` Open Your Eyes '' blasting throughout my room for weeks . I was very surprised to find out that `` Chasing Cars '' had become a huge hit -LRB- I ban myself from radio -RRB- because within a collection of outstanding tracks this one seemed more average and is definatly a weaker single then , let 's say , `` Run '' off Final Straw . Generally , i would maintain Final Straw is the stronger album but Eyes Open has a refreshing throwback to the grunge-esque sounds on Songs For Polar Bears . Other Fantastic tracks include `` Make This Go On Forever '' and `` Headlights On Dark Roads '' .
 I like this CD a lot . I 'm usually not a big fan of bands that go pretty heavy on guitar -LRB- Snow Patrol does n't really that much , but compared to the other bands I listen to , it 's quite a change . -RRB- but Snow Patrol managed to hook me after one song , Hands Open . All I needed was to hear the song Chasing Cars before I quickly got the CD . This album does have really great music on it , but if you listen for too long , you begin to see major similarities in the tracks , which becomes annoying . `` You 're All That I Have . '' There is a lot of hype about this song in other reviews . I like it , but it 's not the best . It 's catchy but not quite orginal `` Hands Open '' hooked me almost instantly . At first listen , I only liked the verses , but now I 'm crazy about all of it . Great `` Chasing Cars . '' This song is just great . Terrific lyrics and an easier , more calm yet heart wrenching track . `` Shut Your Eyes '' - Hmm . . this song is definitely different but in a good way . Not the catchiest but still has meaning . `` It 's Beginning to Get to Me . '' - I like this song alright , but it took some getting use to . Not as original as some of Snow Patrol 's other songs.You Could Be Happy - This song is obviously different instrument - wise . It is played mainly on the xylophone which gives it a very lullaby feel . The lyrics are very beautiful and Lightbody does a good job in this song . -LRB- `` Is it too late to remind you how we were . '' -RRB- I ca n't stop listening to this track.Make This Go On Forever - Starts out sort of slow , but the chorus includes a choir that is very inspiring . A good listenSet The Fire To The Third Bar - This song features Martha Wainright . Lightbody and her voices make an interesting but nice contrast . This song starts out kinda slow but you get drawn into it . I love the chorus . It 's very dramatic and inspiring.Headlights On Dark Roads - Fairly catchy and rocky , this song draws you inOpen Your Eyes - Like the lyrics and overall the song is pretty good , but the chorus can become pretty annoying . Starts out with Lightbody and a guitar and a sweet song , then it goes pretty hard core.The Finish Line - Unfortunately , though the lyrics in the song may be meaningful , the song itself sounds like a filler to me . Very calm and wistful . A disappointing finale for a CD.Overall - Snow Patrol 's new CD was worth the purchase but mainly because the songs I liked , I loved . Nice and meaningful , but -LRB- as I stated a few times in the review -RRB- not quite as original as I was hoping for .
 I stayed up until midnight watching an independant film called ` Love + Hate ' -LRB- you wo n't be able to find it on Amazon -RRB- The movie was good , mostly because of the soaring soundtrack . It was AMAZING and fit so well with the scenes in it . I spent several hours fruitlessly trying to find the soundtrack or at least which artists appeared on it , finally the band Snow Patrol was mentioned . I had never heard of them , but instantly I was hooked and went out and bought their CD that same day . The best way I can describe it is soothing - just the perfect sort of music to listen to when you 're having a bad day or need to de-stress , or are confused about a relationship ... my only regret about purchasing it is that I made such a rush to buy it I did n't buy the UK version , which has 2 extra songs . You wo n't regret this purchase . Another CD I would compare it to - though I guess their sound is different - is Dashboard Confessional 's A Mark , A Mission , A Brand , A Scar . They 're both CD 's you want to reach for when depressed . : -RRB-
 Great album . I was n't really expecting to be impressed , as I figured it would either be too much like Final Straw or horribly different . While it does have its similarities , it also feels fresh and just as rewarding . Going back and listening to Final Straw is even better now that there is something to compliment it .
 Great album . Open Your Eyes was played on ER in May and I always have that song in my head . Chasing Cars is a great track as well !
 I love collecting albums . When i first bought this album , I thought it is just one of those albums that have some great songs . It turns out , this is better than the rest i heard so far . Melody , lyrics and arrangements are the best . Vocals is highlighted better than Final Straw .
 I bought `` Final Straw '' after hearing `` Run '' on TV , and while the rest of the album wasnt all that great , that song plus `` Chocolate '' and a few other songs made the album worth it . It wasnt good enough for me to say i 'd buy this album without hearing anything , however , when I heard `` Chasing Cars '' on the same TV show , I immediatly recognized it as snow patrol , and soon was at the store buying the album.The album is better than `` Final Straw '' in most respects . While there is no song as epic as `` Run '' and nothing quite as sweet as `` Chocolate '' , the album survives on quanity of good material . The last album featured a lot of 2 minute songs that sounded the same and really ran together , but there is nothing like that on this album . Its a little more mainstream , but not to the point of sounding like everything else on the radio today . The album best , `` Chasing Cars '' is a gorgeous ballad , as is the solid cresendo of the epic `` Make this go on forever '' -LRB- definately this albums `` Run '' -RRB- . Gary Lightbody has also improved as a vocalist over the past few years , which is especially evident on `` It 's beginning to get to me '' , which builds and builds until it finally spills over into a gorgeous climatic falsetto . Other album highlights include `` Open Your Eyes '' , filled with excellent instrumentation and a good vocal performence by lightbody , `` You could be happy '' , a fragile quiet break up ballad that gets better with every listen , and the closer `` The finish line '' , where the band turns in their slowest performence off either `` Eyes open '' or `` final straw '' . However , the album isnt perfect . The first single `` You 're all I have '' isnt bad , but its as repetetive as the weakest links in `` final straw '' , and the second single `` hands open '' doesnt really do anything for me either . Once again not a bad song , and it rocks a little more than most of the album , its just not one of my favorites . In enjoyed `` Shut your eyes '' and `` hands open '' about the same . Good songs , but not great . `` Headlights on dark roads '' is quite catchy , but its evident that this bands strengths lie more in writing ballads than rockers . The worst song on the album is `` Set the fire to the third bar '' , which just never really gets anywhere . Martha Wainwright doesnt really contribue anything , and her voice just comes across as annoying . The band definately should have either had just Lightbody , or found a better female vocalist to take her place.Despite these small errors , the album really is quite excellent , and one of the best yet this year . If you liked `` Run '' and `` Chocolate '' , you will definately enjoy the album . If you prefered songs like `` Ways & Means '' , `` Wow '' , `` Whatevers Left '' , and `` Gleaming Auction '' , you probably wont find much to enjoy here . However , for fans of the band its a must own .
 Okay . revolutionary or grounbreaking snow patrol 's fourth album is n't , but who can blame them ? Eyes open has all the ingredients necessary to be a damn good record.It opens with the 100mph ` You 're All I Have ' , straightforward , powerful indie rock , and enough to suggest that the follow up to the brilliant Final Straw may well match its predecessor . Others like the gigantic ` Chasing Cars ' , ` You could be happy ' , and perhaps the standout track , the menacing Hands Open are also highlights.However , while Eyes Open has its many qualities , it just falls short of Final Straw for the reason that it is n't as pacy or even as adventurous . With the exception of Hands Open , there is n't a song here which you could say is n't typical Snow Patrol .1 . You 're All I Have
 i was bummed but it was lost in the mail but I was very happy with their immediate crediting of my account when i told them I never received .
 Between snow patrol and the Killers , it 's a deadlock who I like more . The ultimate concert would be both bands together .
 I bought this CD because I 'm a Grey 's Anatomy fan , but love all the songs . It 's mellow without being depressing , and fresh .
 This album is very good . Not every song here is a winner , but I still like it . Very mellow album . Coldplayish , but not as good . Sorry folks , but thats the truth .
 If you like watching Gray 's Anatomy , this CD is what you would want to have . I love the show and the music . The group `` snow patrol '' did a wonderful job for their song collection in their CD `` eyes open ''
 I can understand why so many fans have been bagging on the latest Snow Patrol - after all , what once seemed mysterious , edgy , and even a bit dangerous has been been buffed and polished and amplified by Lightbody and the gang with the help of `` dance '' producer/remixer Jacknife Lee into ... well ... the purest form of power pop that will likely appeal to the widest audience possible . Is that so wrong - it 's right ? Sure , this album is n't as `` hard '' as Final Straw , but you simply can not deny the hooks , the lyrics , the vocals , and the sheer emotion Lightbody pours into each song , especially the propulsive OPEN YOUR EYES , an amazing song that builds and builds until an epic sonic climax , an deeply affecting cut that U2 wishes they could still write ! And that 's what Snow Patrol are after now
 simply unbelievable . i absolutely love it from the first song to the last . this is deffinitely worth your money.snow patrol 's music is very peaceful , emotinal , and breathtaking . but do not confuse it with an emo band . all i can say is that ... SNOW PATROL ROCKS !
 -LRB- Sigh -RRB- I got ta tell ya , this album is moving , uplifting , joyous , melancholy , spiritual , all at once . Eyes Open is a direct evolution from the choppy beauty that was Final Straw . Snow Patrol have coalesced their lush arrangements into power pop a la Weezer -LRB- `` Hands Open '' `` You 're All I Have '' `` It 's Beginning to Get to Me '' `` Headlights on Dark Roads '' -RRB- , piano-guitar power ballads a la Coldplay -LRB- `` Chasing Cars '' `` Make This Go On Forever '' -RRB- , and the arena anthem `` Open Your Eyes '' that takes its chord progression almost directly from `` Where the Streets Have No Name '' by U2 . I actually have no problem with bands wearing their influences on their sleeves if they can pull off a wonderful sound , and that 's what Snow Patrol does . Their melodies and arrangements stand up to anything on `` X and Y '' , and the production by Jacknife Lee is mesmerizing . HIs Work with U2 on `` Atomic Bomb '' shows on this record , as well . The song that defines this album , however , is `` Set the Fire to the Third Bar '' a haunting duet with Martha Wainwright that evokes the spirit of `` Do n't Give Up '' by Peter Gabriel and Kate Bush . This is well worth repeated listening , as the album does grow on you .
 Some records wear thin quickly . I recently listened again to Employment by Kaiser Chiefs . I have tried to get into it on several occasions . However , I always become bored after about four songs . I do not foresee myself ever again listening to that record from start to finish . On the other hand some cds hold one 's interest throughout . Eyes Open is a cd that has grown on me as I have become more familiar with it . Some complain that there is too little variation between tracks . I disagree . Admittedly , there is a consistency of sound and style . There is also enough variation to sustain interest for the 40 or so minutes of the recording.Gary Lightbody 's voice is poignant and absolutely appropriate for the lyrics . This alt-pop is catchy sing-along music , great for listening to in the car at high volume . I like the change of pace mid-stream in some of the songs and how can you not love anything where Martha Wainwright sings ? I 'm looking forward to their next release .
 `` Eyes Open '' is absolutely fascinating ; this is the first album I 've listened to from Snow Patrol , yet from the very instant I knew it would become my number one choice album of 2006 . Catchy tunes , astonishing ballads and ravishing lyrics ... all combined in 11 tracks which I find great ; Eyes Open carefully blends songs to liven you up yet it also has slower songs , yet mixed together they do n't create the `` sleepy '' album you might think you would find.Probably , this is the the first album I 've listened to that knows how to transform great lyrics , I could even say poetry , in touching tunes . `` You 're all I have '' is good to wake you up in the morning ... `` under your skin feels like home '' is a killer ! `` Beginning to get to me '' is also a hit , which brings me to life whenever I fall into sadness.The ballads are probably the strongest part of this album . `` Chasing cars '' , `` Make this go on forever '' and the collaboration with Martha Wainwright are pure musical gems . Again poetry disguised in music , the singer 's voice is so calm and serene ... and if you 're a person who has somehow suffered from love issues , as we all do , this is the album to listen.Not just for dreamers and melancholics , but the everyday soul inside us .
 I only first heard Snow Patrol 's `` Chasing Cars '' when I was browsing the charts on iTunes , and decided to download it . I 'm not the biggest fan of radio anymore , and especially in the NYC area it 's hard to find good radio stations anymore . I 've recently discovered that `` Chasing Cars '' is being slaughtered on the air which is a shame . The song still remains amazing , but the biggest surprise on the album is `` Open Your Eyes '' which is by far the best on this album . It had a bit of a `` Coldplay - Fix You '' type buildup , but achieves this quite differently . I would definitely have to say that this is the album of the year , and I have heard plenty of other new albums besides this one , although I am not a huge radio listener . From beginning to end , this album is amazing . Do n't hesitate to purchase it .
 Snow Patrol dishes up a very good pop/rock album . It reminds me of the style of Gin Blossoms and Vertical Horizon . The music ranges from the edgy `` You 're All I Have '' to the ballade `` You Could Be Happy '' . The latter is sung over what sounds like a music box . Personally , the best of the album is the desperate `` Set Fire to the Third Bar '' about a couple separated by a distance that longs for each other . What is equally satisfying is that there are no bad songs on this album . It remains evenly good with spikes of greatness.The highlight of the band is singer Gary Lightbody . He 's not going to win any awards , but he is a very competent singer that sounds good in front of the full band to over a simple acoustic guitar . His voice is pure with no signs of studio manipulation or massive overdubbing to mask intonation or tonal issues.The lyrics on the album are very good . They would be great as a teenager pining over love lost or broken . But , Gary stays away from the common cliches , sappiness , or just stupidity . Instead he has penned some smart lyrics for a genre not known for smart lyrics.The production on the album is perfectly fine . It could use a bit more brightness and a little more bass . It comes across as slightly flat but EQ seems to fix it pretty well . Otherwise it was recorded clean without overproduction . It sounds like this band should be able to reproduce its sound pretty well live.Overall I give Snow Patrol 's Eyes Open a 20 out of 25 , or B + . It 's relatively disposable music that is well done and deserves a few months in your CD player .
 This is my first CD from the Indie Group . Special thanks to Gary Lightbody -LRB- born June 15 , 1976 in Bangor , Northern Ireland -RRB- is an Irish musician , best known as the frontman of the rock band Snow Patrol . ... Gary and His Band Snow Patrol have been compared to `` ColdPlay '' but I believe Snow Patrol has better written lyrics !! The music/lyrics are very Insightful and Refreshing . The Cd `` Eyes Open '' the Band 4th CD Album has a Nice Beat with Slow Ballads and Punchy songs . This CD `` Eyes Open '' has a very Balanced set of Tempo sounding songs to listen to from Start to Finish !! Great Music to Work around the House or Lay back and listen to the Great Lyrics.The Best Appeal of this Band is that they are not over played on the Radio yet here in the USA . Sometimes when bands get too much exposure it can be bad for the listner.Everytime I listen to this CD `` Eyes Open '' I enjoy it more and more . So much , I bought their 3rd CD Album `` Final Straw . `` Some of my Favorite songs on the CD Chasing Cars , It 's Beginning to get to Me , You Could Be Happy , Make this go on Forever , and Open your Eyes to mention a few of the Songs on this CD.Buy it and you will not be Sorry !!!
 I heard this song on the radio , and wondered who it might be . I am not familiar with Coldplay , but friends who listened to Coldplay described them to me , and I thought perhaps this was them . But I googled this bit of lyric , `` If I just lay here , would you lie with me and just forget the world ? '' and found that the band was called Snow Patrol , which is pretty coldplayish , and perhaps they meant it to be so.Or maybe not , but singer Gary Lightbody and the rest of Snow Patrol have fashioned a subtle sound , rich in nuance , but one that takes hold of your lapels slowly -- until you find yourself compelled to listen . I heard this song several times , without noticing it at first , but it wove itself into the sinews of my soul.I found their MySpace page , and asked to be put on Snow Parol , cause that sounds so coooooooool . Eyes Open by Snow Patrol is quite an eye opener . Not only are my eyes open , but my ears as well .
 Honestly , I joined BMG , again , and I picked up Hinder , Extream behavior , Blue october
 Earlier this year , Ireland 's Snow Patrol released their album `` Eyes Open '' to little American fanfare , but a couple of well written singles off the CD is slowly changing the lack of excitement on this side of the ocean.British lead single `` You 're All That I Have '' opens the album with an upbeat slice of straight-ahead rock in which lead singer Gary Lightbody affirms the song 's titular confession . American first single `` Hands Open '' is the album highlight , with a driving verse and a truly hypnotic middle eight in which Lightbody engagingly wishes the song 's subject to `` collapse into me , tired with joy '' . `` Chasing Cars '' is another winner , with its remarkably simple arrangement and yearning lyrics , -LRB- recently featured in an episode of Grey 's Anatomy -RRB- . `` Open Your Eyes '' starts off calmly enough , but builds to a highly charged and powerful 6 minute end.In reality , there are few snoozers on the CD , and those are a couple of ballads in the middle of the disc . The entire album exudes a surprising optimism that loiters in the undercurrent , helping to make this disc a very worthwhile listen .
 `` If I lay here , If I just lay here , Would you lie with me and just forget the world ? '' were some of the first words I ever heard from Snow Patrol . I found the song quickly grew on me as it went on . Not having heard anything else by the group took a chance and purchased the album . Putting the CD on the player , I took a breath and held it.I think I scared my neighbours with the sigh of relief they heard when that chance paid off . I was captivated by the sound Gary Lightbody 's voice.The vocal dynamics and song writing abilities shine through all the way through this album . From the opening sounds of `` You 're All I Have '' which starts the album with great sounding promise through to the sadly beautiful `` You Could be Happy '' and on with `` Set Fire to the Third Bar '' -LRB- which features Martha Wainwright who 's voice compliments Lightbody 's perfectly -RRB- and then of course , closing with `` The Finish Line '' . Since I bought this album it has been on very regular rotation . It was a chance that went incredibly right . `` You could be happy , I hope you are , You made me happier than I 'd been by far '' - such true lyrics for this album .
 Eyes Open by Snow Patrol is the best . I heard them on HDMTV in concert and went and bought the CD . It would be music both the young and old can listen too together . Thanks Snow Patrol - now move on to concerts so we can see you in person .
 This album made my `` Best Albums of 2006 '' list -LRB- see http://www.amazon.com/Best-Albums-of-2006/lm/R3A0M7FT9VW902/ref=cm_lm_byauthor_title_full -RRB- . I got into them on their last album , Final Straw which gets props for having one of the best songs EVER , `` Chocolate '' . This album , however , is much more consistent and while `` Chasing Cars '' is one of the best songs of 2006 and also a major hit for them , I hope that others will listen to the album in its entirety because it really is ace .
 Ok , I really do love Snow Patrol , so when I heard that their new album was out , and heard Chasing Cars on Grey 's Anatomy , I really had to get it.and I was not disappointed . The style is quite different than Final Straw , their previous album , but that made me like it even more . I think it 's more alternative rock -LRB- more rock -RRB- than the last album.Personally , my favorite song is Hands Open , which is the second song on the cd . All of the songs are preformed by Gary Lightbody . The 8th song on the cd is called Set the Fire to the Third Bar , which is preformed by both Gary Lightbody and Martha Wainwright . This is another of my fav . songs , because both singers harmonize really well together , making it sound awesome.I love this kind of music , especially Snow Patrol , cause the lyrics are easy to understand , and really make you thing . So take the time to sit back and listen .
 I was moderately new to this group until about 3 months ago , now it is the only real cd I keep in my car . -LRB- My iPod is used most of the time -RRB- This record is great , it has just the right blend of harder songs -LRB- Hands Open , You 're all I Have -RRB- and also the slower ballad types -LRB- You could be happy , Set fire to the Third Bar , and Chasing Cars . -RRB- In my own opinion , there is no better cd that came out this year that can be listened to straight through .
 I could n't wait to get my hands on this new CD . I am one of Snow Patrol 's biggest fans . Give this CD a chance . . it really starts to grow on you . I just got home from a little road trip and I listened to it a couple of times on my way there and back and I ca n't stop listening to it . You 're all that I have and Hands Open are great ... . I did n't LOVE Chasing Cars at first . . now I ca n't get enough of it . Headlights on Dark Roads is also an excellent song as well.Buy it , listen to it ... . listen to it again . You 'll love it . If you ever get a chance to see Snow Patrol live ... DO IT !! They are one of the best bands live .
 This album contains a lot of good songs , specially the first 4 songs . Definitely worth every cent .
 CD is great . I 'm a huge Snow Patrol fan . Their older CD is better then than this one , although eyes open is still wonderful .
 The music is awesome . It is slightly alternative rock in my opinion . The band should get a huge group of followers .
 High quality , better-than-competent alternative rock without the sharp edges that keep songs off of television doctor dramas and car commercials . Very consistent .
 Although Snow Patrol has been recording for years now . This is the first album I have completely listened to by them . The songs had the perfect blend of rock and soulful lyrics . Their music can make girls swoon with adoration and make guys cry like girls . The songs `` Set The Fire To The Third Bar '' , `` Make This Go On Forever '' , and `` You Could Be Happy '' are songs of such sorrowful beauty and heartfelt lyrics . Yet even though Snow Patrol has the power to melt hearts , they can rock out . In songs such as `` You 're All I have '' and `` Headlights On Dark Roads '' the listener can be both emotional and rock satisfied . Five stars to a truly talented group that i 'm only too happy to get lost in !
 Not having heard any of Snow Patrol 's previous work , I am reviewing this album based on its own merit only -LRB- an my extensive musical tastes from just about all genres and types of music -RRB- . The album is a great compilation of songs , ranging from upbeat to emotional . Nearly all 13 tracks are good -LRB- buy the UK version for the 2 extra songs , they are WELL worth it -RRB- . Starting with the 2 weakest songs , `` You could be Happy '' and `` Finish Line '' . Listenable , but nothing remarkable . `` In my Arms '' and `` Open your eyes '' are better , but not the highlights . Everything after that is brilliant . My favorites are `` Make this go on forever '' , `` Set the fire to the third bar '' and `` Warmer Climates '' . The other singles are excellent as well , and readily mentioned in the other reviews.Over all , 4.5 / 5 stars . Great album .
 With a harder , edgier sound , Snow Patrol returns roaring full steam ahead on ` Eyes open ' their fourth album . Blazing , distorted guitars offset their melancholic sound . So far , it 's off to a great start Stateside ; the album has gone gold already and the single ` Chasing cars ' hit # 5 , the highest charting hit by a UK rock group in over a decade.For upbeat rockers we have ` You 're all I have ' , ` Hands open ' , and the pulsing and catchy ` Headlights on dark roads ' , The epic melancholic ` Chasing cars ' is reminiscent of ` Run ' ; a slow solemn build up to a big killer chorus . ` Shut your eyes ' sounds a bit like fellow Brits Coldplay , as does the tinkly ballad ` You could be happy ' . Other standouts are the haunting ballad ` Make this go on forever ' -LRB- an awesome song which builds up to a big chorus -RRB- , ` Set the fire to the third bar ' features Martha Wainwright harmonizing with lead vocalist Gary Lightbody on an eerie yet dramatic ballad that builds up to a jangly chorus , and the dreamy ethereal ` The finish line ' . I 've got the UK version which features a pair of extra songs
 This is one of the best albums of the year . `` Chasing Cars '' and `` Open your eyes '' are the two best songs on the album . If you are interested in another excellent Irish band , Bell X1 are excellent , same type of music that goes right to your heart .
 i like this group tey sometimes sound repticous but chasing cars , headlightson dark roads i like the most . i am a 60 's music psych listener , but there are some groups after the 60 's that are good . snow patrol are good .
 not only are the 2 singers hot , but this band produces some great indie music . the songs are poetically and thoughtfully written and do n't sound as `` polished '' as the mainstream pop or rock that is out there .
 The service was speedy & the CD was in perfect shape . I wish all my used products would come in at this condition !
 This is a very nice CD . The music is pretty mellow and the lyrics are good .
 I just love the vocals and how it sounds as well as lyrics .
 It has been awhile since I 've loved an entire CD but this is it . Great lyrics and the music is varied enough to make interesting - the whole CD does n't sound the same .
 ` Eyes Open ' is a very nice addition that shows a slow maturation by the Band . ` Final Straw ' was better than ` When it 's all over ... ' , and this is better then it 's predecessor.Standout tracks include Chasing Cars , Hands Open , It 's Beginning to Get to Me , Make this Go On Forever ...
 Snow Patrol are a clever sounding band . They have been around for a while , and now they are like a very popular band all over . They are playing two shows in LA this next month at a very large venue . They played on my birthday at the Troubadour a few years ago . I do n't think we will be seeing them there any time soon . They are hitting the mainstream as we speak and read . The first two songs `` You 're All I Have '' and `` Hands Open '' are very appealing songs . The latter one is one of my favorite songs by them . Snow Patrol sound more aggressive and louder on this one . The last album was more known by some of those ballads . `` Hands Open '' has a reference to Sufjan Stevens , which is funny . This album does have some ballads , but they do n't seem like the showpieces . `` Beginning To Get To Me '' is a very cool song . Sometimes this sort of emotional music might be annoying to me , but Snow Patrol seems to create a balance , that does n't seem so predictable . Snow Patrol is a quality act . It 's too bad that they had to cancel their american tour .
 Ex-boyfriend introduced me to the better side of this band . I am an ex-DJ for an alternative radio station , and the only SP song I 'd ever heard of was the Counting Cars song -LRB- ? -RRB- . . , I am not sure why that was a single , as there are far better songs from this band ! However , that is the way it goes in the biz ...
 College Girl introduced me to this CD , and I was initially resistent because I ca n't stand most of her music.But she hit it on this one.We listened to `` Chasing Cars '' over and over and over during the three-hour drive from her dorm to our house , and when she returned to college she left me the disc.I have n't taken it out of the car yet , although I have progressed beyond Chasing Cars to the other songs on the album.Smooth , beautiful music ; words that make sense 85 percent of the time ; easy singing that 's easy to sing to or simply listen to . I 'm almost afraid to listen to another work by this group because I love this one so much , but because I love it so much , I 'll take the plunge some day -LRB- especially if College Girl buys it first and leaves me the disc -RRB- .
 My favorite CD , probably of all time . This is the 3rd one I 've already purchased . I keep giving them away as gifts . If you 've ever been in a tough relationship , or just ended one , this is the CD for you . It hits you right in the heart .
 I heard the song `` Chasing Cars '' and I just had to purchase the CD . It 's an awesome album . It 's worth every penny !!!
 ive had this cd since it first came out and i can listen to it everyday and not get tired of it !
 I love it the songs have alot of meaning to them and you can listen to it over and over again . its mellow and beautiful .
 Has not left my player for weeks . It seems there is a song for just about every mood . You wo n't regret buying this .
 Eyes Open starts and never looks back . The music is like a journey , it is both eloquent and beautiful . Yes it is just as good as the final straw and might be better on many levels . It has a tighter more produced sound than final straw which may turn off some older fans but for me it was a breath of fresh air . I loved final straw and I love this one just as much . I was one of those who found snow patrol by hearing the song `` run '' on the radio and picking up final straw . I did n't hesitate to pick up Eyes Open when it was released and have loved it since . Snow Patrol often gets compared to Coldplay for no reason other than that they play similar music . Both play emotional music with good lyrics . Go out and pick up Eyes Open if you like any of the singles you wo n't be dissapointed . It is good from start to finish .
 I was so excited two years ago when I stumbled upon Snow Patrol . Like a lot of fans , I discovered them through Grey 's Anatomy . I 'm just finally deciding to do a review of their CD , not because I have a lot of time on my hands , but because I want to share my rave compliments and excitement on this talented band with the rest of the world.I 'm not sure where to really place this CD as far as genres , it 's sort of alternative rock , my favorite kind as of late . Something new and different . With the appealing voice of the lead singer , unique and catchy lyrics and great back ground instrumentals and vocals , Snow Patrol is truly a hidden gem ! I enjoyed this CD so much that I went out and bought Final Straw and I like that one nearly as much as this . Some of my favorite songs here are
 I 've enjoyed Snow Patrol for a while now . As a mom of 22 & 16 year old daughters , I 'm probably not their typical audience since my daughters love their music , too ! Anyway , this album really shows their musical maturity . Their range of styles is expanding , and the track with Martha Wainright really shows their ability for sophisticated sound . My CD purchasing criteria is that I have to like at least 4 tracks and this one exceeds my limits by far . My advice ? BUY IT !! : -RRB-
 I really like this album , a good 3.5 star effort . I completely agree with previous reviewers that there is n't anything particularly groudbreaking or phenomenal going on here , but for me that 's not necessarily a bad thing . I really enjoy the steady indie-pop sound and the vocals provided by Lightbody . The first time that I listened to this , I did n't feel incredibly impressed , yet I keep listening to it over and over again , and I guess that says more than anything else . There is something very comforting in the sound of `` Eyes Open '' and I imagine a lot of open window/sunroof drives this summer with this as the soundtrack.Personal favorites on this include `` You 're All I Have '' , `` Shut Your Eyes '' , `` You Could Be Happy '' , `` Make This Go On Forever '' , `` Open Your Eyes '' , and `` The Finish Line . ''
 As a huge Snow Patrol and Reindeer Section fan , I was more than eager to pick up Lightbody and company 's newest effort `` Eyes Open . '' But I must say , aside from a few standout tracks like `` You 're All I have '' and `` Chasing Cars , '' these songs sound a lot like its predecessors from `` Final Straw '' and Reindeer Section albums . That being said , this album still sparkles with Snow Patrol 's trademark sound and Gary Lightbody 's sincere vocals that will lull you into its emotional trance . `` Eyes Open '' grabs a hold of you and for the uninitiated listener , its a slice of indie heaven .
 After their silently mediocre major label debut , Snow Patrol was still an obscure band . Thus , `` Eyes Open '' is highly pleasing , pleasant , and radio friendly . But that does n't mean it is n't good . The highlight `` Chasing Cars '' is a highly radio friendly pop love song to the utmost , but it carries a moving quality of originality and emotion . And it must have carried one heckuva sense of mass-appeal , since it still seems to be played at AC stations across America every hour , on the hour.But coming in a close second is `` Open Your Eyes , '' a song that builds slowly , driving home the magnificent chorus in epic fashion , without coming off cheesy . It also would have made for an awesome closer to the album , instead of the dreary `` Finish Line . '' In terms of lowlights , `` You Could Be Happy '' sounds more of lullaby , and is sure to put you to sleep with its sappy lyrics.But not all is a snooze fest , as the album primarily unleashes the band 's rock side . Songs like `` You 're All I Have , '' `` It 's Beginning To Get To Me , '' `` Shut Your Eyes '' and especially `` Hands Open . '' All achieve their goals , and all and well-made , well-produced , and keep you interested in the album . Other songs like `` Set Fire To the Third Bar , '' `` Make This Go On Forever , '' wind up as mixed bags , achieving goals in some areas , and missing them in areas , and leaving a general sense of , `` I do n't know what to make of that . '' The album lyrically holds onto the strange theme of ` eyes , ' with half the songs mentioning the important body part in some metaphorical way , or in a literal sense , depending on what you make of it.Overall , Snow Patrol crafts a very good album , but there are a few critical flaws that keep it from becoming great . But make no mistake , it 's not very original , although it 's the band 's most original , it 's radio friendly , but highly pleasant . It also shows brief flashes of brilliance , making this the album I would most likely buy from Snow Patrol 's now-vast catalog . They 've certainly come a long way from their former days as `` Polar Bear . ''
 A very dear friend of mine passed away last month at the age of 45 , and this album reminds me of his personality and spirit . I found an email he wrote several months back where he was telling me how much he loved the song `` Chasing Cars , '' which has been a song I 've loved too . But hearing the whole album affrims that Michael would have loved every song on this collection . I think of how much he 'd be enjoying the lead song , `` You 're All I Have , '' and `` Shut Your Eyes , '' describes what he needed to do when things were going bad as he dealt with a terminal illness , while `` Open Your Eyes , '' is very deep and all too chilling as it sounds descriptive of Michael 's passing and those of us who knew him and believed his spirit would never die . On a more objective note , Snow Patrol have a great , radio sound , both commercial and quality modern rock as this album is an addictive listen from start to finish . Personally , I will always think of Mike when I play it , and can only hope that while he 's in heaven , he has that garden bursting into life with him as they sing , `` Forget what we 're told before we get too old . Show me a garden that 's bursting into life . All that I am , all that I ever was is here in your perfect eyes , they 're all I can see . ''
 There are n't too many new or recent bands that catch my attention these days , as I mostly listen to veteran acts from the 60 's and 70 's . But the Irish group known as Snow Patrol definitely caught my attention with their outstanding , hypnotic song , `` Shut Your Eyes , '' which has been getting a LOT of airplay on my local rock stations . I think `` Shut Your Eyes '' is one of the greatest songs of the last couple of years -- I was instantly entranced by this tune ! So I went out and bought the band 's album , `` Eyes Open . '' Quite simply , Snow Patrol are a GREAT band . Lead singer/guitarist/songwriter Gary Lightbody is a musical genius , his charismatic voice , guitar-playing , and songwriting chops are terrific , his lyrics quite intriguing too . And his four bandmates are no slouches either . Their tight sound , with Lightbody leading the way , is a musical powerhouse . Although `` Shut Your Eyes , '' for me , is the key track on the album , other winners include the beautiful `` Chasing Cars , '' `` You 're All That I Have , '' `` You Could Be Happy '' -LRB- love that wind-up musical box on this song -RRB- , the dramatic `` Make This Go On Forever , '' and `` Open Your Eyes . '' I 'm an instant Snow Patrol fan , I 'm definitely going to get their other albums , and I 'll most certainly be buying tickets for their concert when they tour again . `` Eyes Open '' is a stunning album by a very unique , important band . May Snow Patrol rock on for many years to come .
 Eyes Open es , sin duda alguna , uno de los mejores &aacute;lbumes que han salido del Reino Unido . Las melod&iacute;as y las letras -LRB- compuestas por Gary Lightbody -RRB- , son muestra del talento de este grupo Irland&eacute;s .
 -LRB- 4 & 1/2 stars -RRB- Eyes Open is one of the better CDs I 've heard all year . Singer Gary Lightbody has a very captivating vocal style that reminds me of Dan Wilson 's -LRB- of the late Semisonic -RRB- . Combine that with some excellent songs - especially the exceptionally strong `` Chasing Cars '' - plus some complex and intriguing arrangements , and you have a definite winner -LRB- to echo another listener/reviewer -RRB- . This is a disc I 'll recommending to friends and relatives .
 This album left me speechless . Great song-writing , mind-boggling appeal and heartstring tugging . The guitars will blow you away , and the duet with Wainright will make the toughest man cry . I 'm just ... speechless ... No words can describe how brilliant this album is .
 This is a very solid effort by Snow Patrol . While their last album , Final Straw , had a couple of songs that really packed a wallop -LRB- `` Chocolate '' and `` Run '' -RRB- , this one is more consistent . While there is n't anything as driving as `` Chocolate '' on this one , the album from start to finish is a great listen all the way through . There 's no filler on this one , and the peak for me comes near the end with `` Set the Fire to the 3rd Bar '' . Guest Martha Wainwright adds a nice touch as the song becomes a duet between lovers who apparently have some type of pyro-fantasy between them .
 ` Eyes Open ' by Snow Patrol is one of those very rare albums -LRB- like the first album by BOSTON , or the Gin Blossoms , etc. -RRB- that from the first few notes you know you have a musical collection that will get ` stuck ' in your CD player for weeks and weeks . There is not a bad song on this CD , and several that are wonderful . I appreciate a band that is NOT yet another derivative imitation of some other band 's sound . Snow Patrol reminds me a little bit of Interpol , but a little more melodic -LRB- think Fountains of Wayne -RRB- with vocals that sound a bit like the eighties punk band `` X '' -LRB- John Doe -RRB- . But , you would n't really say they sound `` just like '' anyone else . This is one of the best albums I have purchased in a long time , and I do n't think I 'll be tiring of it anytime soon.I always shake my head at the classic rock dweebs who say things like , `` There 's no good new rock & roll these days . `` Just listen to this , guys .
 I first heard Run on HBO promoting some garbage movie , but the song was memorable and stayed with me for some time.Then I heard Chasing Cars put two and two together and purchased this album.Solid effort . Nothing spectacular here , but they have an interesting sound , a little on the Gin Blossoms side , and I can honestly say I have enjoyed most tracks .
 Contrary to the impressions of many , Snow Patrol 's excellent 2004 album `` Final Straw '' was not the Scottish band 's debut album . Snpw Patrol 's first album was released in 1998 . Now , close to the 10th anniversary of the band 's formation , Snow Patrol releases its fourth album.In `` Eyes Open '' -LRB- 11 tracks , 45 min . -RRB- , singer-songwriter Gary Lightbody shies away from the overly melancholic overtones of `` Final Straw '' and instead delivers almost straight-up pop-rock , check out the first 2 songs `` You 're All I Have '' and `` Hands Open '' . That does n't mean that the band has abandoned the slower and more intimate songs altogether . Prime examples of that are the excellent `` You Could Be Happy '' , as well as `` Make This Go On Forever '' , and `` Set the Fire to the Third Bar '' -LRB- the latter featuring Martha Wainwright on vocals -RRB- . The `` open/close '' theme appears throughout the album , and in 3 of the song titles . `` Open Your Eyes '' serves as the bookend of the earlier `` Shut You Eyes '' . Snow Patrol is often compared to Coldplay , which I find a bit curious . While both Gary Lightbody and Chris Martin write about similar themes , musically I do n't feel the bands are all that close . Regardless , Snow Patrol keeps steadily building , and this album may very well be a true break-out to bigger mainstream success . `` Eyes Open '' is Snow Patrol 's best album yet . Highly recommended !
 There are a lot of albums in my collection that I purchased on whim and ended up hating . This one , on the other hand , I instantly loved . If you 're a fan of subtle love songs and gentle yet powerful vocals this album is for you .
 Snow Patrol has a great sound . Eyes Open in particular is mellow with peaks of high energy . It 's great to sing along to or just have on in the background .
 if you liked the first one you will like this one EVEN BETTER
 I love the song Chasing Cars . It really moves me . So beautiful and simple yet deep . Snow Patrol can write both music and lyrics . Catches you by surprise .
 Obviously this album could n't be as good as Final Straw , which was very likely the best rock album of 2004 . But Eyes Open has plenty of brilliant songs that are n't `` emotionally lacking . '' You 're All I Have and It 's Beginning to Get to Me rival the best songs on Final Straw , and the rest of the lineup is just a small step down from their last studio album . The music is softer -LRB- more Sufjan and Keane , less Muse -RRB- but just as touching after a few listens .
 They might have more studio albums available than their English rivals , but Snow Patrol are quite up to the global stadium level of Coldplay ... yet . Following on from the surprise success of 2004 's Final Straw , Eyes Open finds Scottish Snow Patrol captain Gary Lightbody further showcasing his interest in the singalongs that Coldplay mine with spectacular public response . Using the building augmentation that fellow Scottish acts such as Idlewild and Mogwai have employed with critically acclaimed results , Eyes Open has plenty of uplifting songs among its 11 tracks . Yet for all the heartfelt complexity of Lightbody 's personal visions , most of Eyes Open fails to make it into the box marked ` classic ' due to the lack of fully satisfying pay-off hooks and showstopping choruses . While there 's an air of disappointment to Eyes Open , when they hit the mark , Snow Patrol know how to create something outstanding . With U2 producer Jacknife Lee at the desk , there 's a number of songs that will soundtrack stadiums filled with waving mobile phones in the near future.Hands Open rocks out with nods to Talking Heads and Sufjan Stevens , Chasing Cars is as epic as Embrace 's catalogue squeezed into four minutes and You Could Be Happy is a music box of tenderness featuring strings and balladry akin to Coldplay 's beautiful The Scientist . Make This Go On Forever features the enriching sounds of a choir and a delicious coda , Set The Fire To The Third Bar finds a delicate vocal tango taking place between Lightbody and Canadian chanteuse Martha Wainwright and The Finish Line marks the sudden end to an album rife with glory.While their eyes are open , for Snow Patrol 's fourth album there 's no doubt that it 's actually all about the heart .
 Set the Fire to the Third Bar is the winner in a walk for best track of the year . I really ca n't emphasize enough how much you should download this song immediately.The rest of the album is quite good , also , but that song is just lovely .
 I was so excited to get this cd in the mail . The best concert of my life was Snow Patrol in Austin , TX recently . Their lyrics are fantastic -- aggressive in a good way . And the music is exciting ! You 're gon na want to buy every cd they 've ever made !
 I liked the song `` Run '' in their last album , so I ordered Eyes Open and I am not disappointed about my decision.This album is absolutely a success for them and a joy for me , they deserve a lot for this one.-Open Your Eyes-The Finish line-Chasing Cars-You could be happyThese songs I will probably listen for a while , but all the songs on this album have something special , not much I did n't like of Eyes Open .
 I 've seen those reviews which complain that Eyes Open is a step backward from Final Straw and those that see it as a step forward . I agree with the latter wholeheartedly , this album is simply amazing . There are so many individual highlights here that also blend together so well as an album . I would think the vast majority of Snow Patrol fans will be very happy with this release .
 Snow Patrol has frequently been compared to Coldplay , but frankly , I do n't hear it . `` Eyes Open '' begins with an otherworldy keyboard sound on `` You 're All I Have , '' which soon transforms to pure heart-on-the-sleeve pop . Gary Lightbody 's straightforward lyrics do n't leave much to the imagination -- he 's a pretty lovestruck guy , either in the throes of some horrible relationship or overjoyed in another transcendent one . The lyrics on `` You 're All I Have '' would describe his latter state of being , with music that is instantly accessible . `` Hands Open '' possesses the punchy sonic quality that drew me to this band in the first place , and the song 's cool video on VH1 is how I discovered Snow Patrol . The bombshells of romance litter `` Hands Open '' as well , but the sound is harder-edged and rocking , with great rhythm guitar and solid drumming . Most of this album , however , features soothing -- in some cases lullabyish -- songs that definitely do n't rock out but are easy on the ears . `` It 's Beginning to Get to Me '' has some spark to it , as does `` Headlights on Dark Roads , '' but the majority of `` Eyes Open '' contains mellow sounds and heartfelt , sensitive lyrics that were custom-made for shows like `` Grey 's Anatomy . `` You 've got to admire Snow Patrol for being versatile and bold enough to write great rock tunes , great pop and great schmaltz . Like Def Leppard -LRB- seeAdrenalize -RRB- and the Goo Goo Dolls -LRB- seeLet Love In -RRB- before them , Snow Patrol is certainly capable of rocking out with the best of them -- but are choosing not to at the moment . The band is going through its sonically calmer , more romantically inclined phase where ear-pleasing pop rules the day . With this band 's penchant for good melodies , though , Lightbody and the guys should consider an all-acoustic album in the future , something I think they could thrive at . A few guitar solos mixed in would n't hurt either .
 Wonderful cd , but I give the import 5 stars.I can understand not wanting to spend the extra $ $ on the import , but do NOT miss out on the bonus tracks `` In My Arms '' and `` Warmer Climate . ''
 A couple of reviewers put it well by stating that this is more of an `` easy-listening '' or `` soft '' indie-rock album . With that being said , this is an overall good album -LRB- 3.5 stars -RRB- that starts off great but then gets a little boring near the end . The first song `` Your All I Have '' is a great , rocking song that starts the album off on a good foot . A few mixture of slower and a power ballad -LRB- indie rock style -RRB- songs here and there smooths out the album . But the last couple of songs on the album get to be a little dull and monotonous . The decent lyrics are superceded by the great vocal talents of the singer . The music is nothing ground breaking but will definitely keep you going . Friends of Colplay and Sebadoh will dig this album.Got to see this band play with Athlete in the Tampa Bay area and they were great . They put on a good and entertaining show .
 I bought this for `` Chasing Cars '' -LRB- after hearing it on Grey 's Anatomy -RRB- and really did n't like much of it on the first listen . The more I listened to it the more I loved it . Open Your Eyes , and the `` Set the Fire to the Third Bar '' are outstanding . Several of the other tracks such as 1,2 , and 4 are some of my favorites also . I am a big Coldplay fan and there are similarities , but Snow Patrol has been in my CD player more often lately than Coldplay . I was aware of some of Snow Patrol 's earlier work and will definitely consider buying those other CDs now that I have grown to be such a fan .
 I ca n't stop listening to this CD . Way too often , I 've bought a CD after hearing one song & been bitterly disappointed to discover that same ONE song was the only track I liked ! Well , ok , I did the same thing here -- heard Chasing Cars and ran to buy this . Finally , I scored!Like all but 2 here . In fact , I 'm so impressed that I wrote this review so others will know to get their hands on this CD . I never ever write reviews about anything -- well , until now that is .
 I 've listened to `` Final Straw '' , the `` Songs for Polar Bears '' and this one , and I have to say that this is by far my favorite . -LRB- Though I found at least 3 songs in Final Straw that I loved -RRB- What I love about Snow Patrol is their mix of both excellent lyricism and catchy musical hooks . All the songs in this album have that awesome mix of both , very nicely done . I love the line in the title track '' ... collapse into my arms , tired with joy '' ! Almost all the songs on this album have `` repeat potential '' -LRB- that is , I 'll be putting it on CD repeat until I get sick of it -RRB- -- it 's almost as if one artist made the perfect mixtape . That much `` repeat potential '' is uncommon , so I 'm giving it a rare 5-star rating .
 This album left me speechless . Great song-writing , mind-boggling appeal and heartstring tugging . The guitars will blow you away , and the duet with Wainright will make the toughest man cry . I 'm just ... speechless ... No words can describe how brilliant this album is .
 I bought this album on a whim because I liked Final Straw and thought I 'd see what their new stuff sounded like . Initially I was a bit skeptical , but after a couple of repeated listens , I think that this actually exceeds Final Straw musically and in lyrics . This is not guitar pop or indie music ... this is lush , beautiful , modern music . It 's adult ... complex and interesting.There are some truly amazing tracks on this record . Some are reminiscent of -LRB- similar in style to -RRB- `` Fix You '' by Coldplay . My favorites include
 Indie kids added Snow Patrol to their mixes with the band 's 1998 debut `` Songs for Polar Bears , '' whose title references a previous incarnation of the group . How could you not love a Scottish indie band with chops big enough to cover `` Crazy in Love '' by Beyonce Knowles as a B-side ? -LRB- Yes , the bootylicious singer from Destiny 's Child and `` Austin Powers . '' -RRB- Snow Patrol relies on atmospheric , pop-tinged melodies , shimmering keyboards , and distorted guitars characteristic of the Glasgow alternative scene of the 1990s , overlaid with lead singer Gary Lightbody 's floating tenor . The band 's fourth disc , `` Eyes Open '' , builds on the band 's signature style.Songs like `` Make This Go On Forever '' , `` Headlights on Dark Roads '' , and duet with Martha Wainwright `` Set the Fire To The Third Bar '' hypnotize with dark imagery and minored vocal chords . `` You Could be Happy '' and `` Shut Your Eyes '' lend a sense of acoustic purity to the album . -LRB- Both were recorded live in one session ; you can hear chairs creaking , breathing , and feet tapping in both , but it just adds to the mood . -RRB- The self-described `` emotional knife-twisting '' of Lightbody 's lyrics is absent from the album 's biggest single to date , `` Chasing Cars . '' Like `` Run '' , `` Chasing Cars '' is a deceptively simple love song filled with `` garden -LSB- s -RSB- bursting into life '' and `` wasting time '' with the one you love . `` Cars '' gets a lot of radio play across the FM band in Boston , from Emerson College 's eclectic WERS 88.9 to Top 40-Music-In-A-Can Kiss 108 . Whatever station it 's played on , it 's almost always followed by a moment of silence and the DJ saying `` Wow , what a beautiful song . `` True to form , `` Eyes Open '' starts with aggressive guitar riffs and builds to a rousing , uplifting finish . Repetition of a single chorus `` tell me that you 'll open your eyes '' and increasing production layers in `` Open Your Eyes '' pull listeners willingly across `` The Finish Line . '' This last track reminds us that finish lines are `` good place -LSB- s -RSB- to start . `` If there 's any justice left in the music industry , `` Eyes Open '' should be a starting point for even better things from this talented quintet .
 I have to admit I am not all that familiar with this band . I heard one of their tracks on a movie I was watching recently and dediced to buy one of their cds . Without even knowing it ... this is the cd I have been waiting for . I am just tired of listening to the same type of music and this band really does offer something different . The words , music and use of some instruments you would n't necessarily hear on a pop/rock album make it all the more worth listening to . I do love this album and will be looking forward to discovering more music from Snow Patrol . Thanks Snow Patrol for giving us such a great cd to enjoy .
 nothing strange about this band being compared to coldplay ; their music does mine a similar vein of sound . this is lush , powerful music , with big times waiting ahead . they should find mass appeal with this stuff , and there 's nothing wrong with that . a strong , strong effort that deserves its big audience . long may snow patrol run .
 Okay , I have to admit that I did n't even know Snow Patrol exisited until about a year ago when I met my husband . Yet still , this CD is a keeper ! This is my jam CD when I 'm cleaning the house or just lounging around . There really is n't a bad track on here . If you get this , whether you are a Snow Patrol fateful or newbie , you will not be disappointed .
 I love this album . I was enamoured of the Chasing Cars song from radio and decided to check out the rest of the CD . I am very pleased with the purchase . In addition to Chasing Cars , You 're All I Have and Shut Your Eyes are standout songs . I plan to check out the older albums from Snow Patrol .
 Almost as good as the first album . Takes some getting used to but very nice nonetheless .
 I absolutely love this CD !! As far as I 'm concerned , there 's not a bad song on it and that 's very rare ! I recommend this to everyone !
 I really like this cd a lot but some of my friends are not as crazy about it . The first 3 songs a excellent but it does tend to get pretty mellow into the album . Still , I have really enjoyed it !
 Another great CD by Snow Patrol . I like all the songs , but `` Chasing Cars '' is my favorite one .
 What can I say its bigger , louder , more emotional . I will be listening to them till im 80 ! With my tats and nose rings . :O -RRB-
 The two bonus tracks on this limited-edition CD , `` In My Arms '' and `` Warmer Climate , '' are very worthy . In fact , I 'm shocked that neither made the cut for placement on `` Eyes Open , '' as they both probably best some of the lower-key tunes that made it on that album . `` In My Arms '' is a crisp rocker that would have made a great single , while `` Warmer Climate , '' which does n't have the same immediacy , is also very good.Snow Patrol has frequently been compared to Coldplay -LRB- seeParachutes -RRB- , but frankly , I just do n't hear it . `` Eyes Open '' begins with an otherworldy keyboard sound on `` You 're All I Have , '' which soon transforms to pure heart-on-the-sleeve pop . Gary Lightbody 's straightforward lyrics do n't leave much to the imagination -- he 's a pretty lovelorn guy , either in the throes of some horrible relationship or overjoyed in another transcendent one . The lyrics on `` You 're All I Have '' would describe his latter state of being , the title of the song a pathetic sentiment were the music not so instantly accessible . `` Hands Open '' possesses the punchy sonic quality that drew me to this band in the first place , and the song 's cool video on VH1 is how I discovered Snow Patrol . The bombshells of romance litter `` Hands Open '' as well , but the sound is harder-edged and rocking , with great rhythm guitar and solid drumming . Most of this album , however , features soothing -- in some cases lullabyish -- songs that definitely do n't rock out but are easy on the ears . `` It 's Beginning to Get to Me '' has some spark to it , as does `` Headlights on Dark Roads , '' but the majority of `` Eyes Open '' contains mellow sounds and heartfelt , sensitive lyrics that were custom-made for shows like `` Grey 's Anatomy . `` You 've got to admire Snow Patrol for being versatile and bold enough to write great rock tunes , great pop and great schmaltz . Like Def Leppard -LRB- seeAdrenalize -RRB- and the Goo Goo Dolls -LRB- seeLet Love In -RRB- before them , Snow Patrol is certainly capable of rocking out with the best of them -- but are choosing not to at the moment . The band is going through its sonically calmer , more romantically inclined phase where ear-pleasing pop rules the day . With this band 's penchant for good melodies , though , Lightbody and the guys should consider an all-acoustic album in the future , something I think they could thrive at . A few guitar solos mixed in would n't hurt either .
 I spend a lot of time in front of a computer each day . Frequently , the time I spend with my computer is intensely stressful . The best method I found to address the stress is to listen to music , generally the less obtrusive the better . For a long time I used the Garden State soundtrack for my mellow-out music . Now that I have `` Eyes Open '' , I have found a new favorite mellow-out disc . The lyrics are great , and although the songs can make great `` wallpaper '' I also like them for their own merits .
 This is my favorite Snow Patrol album . Every song makes you feel touched . I would recommend this CD to all of you that enjoy alternative music .
 I love this group and the CD is excellent . I listen to it all of the time and it has made me want to buy more of their music . I am also going to try and get to one of their live shows .
 No surprises here on this brass fitting . The item was exactly as described with acceptable machining and got the job done .
 These are nice gloves , but they do seem a little thinner than the ones I am replacing . Nice supple leather and easy to use the first day , not stiff at all . Very nice for clearing tumbleweed out of the pasture .
 Nice leather gloves for light yard care work , love the sninch strap on the back of the gloves -LRB- helps keep them on , snug and tight -RRB- . This is why I bought 4 pair ... never have to many . Highly recommend !
 As a remodeling contractor , a reliable battery drill is a must . Porter Cable has proven to be just that . Durable , good quality features and sharp looking .
 Big , beautiful ceiling fan . Looks fantastic in a large space . Uses 4 candelabra bulbs , which is a bummer , but the four together produce a good light . Also , because it uses a remote , you can not use CFLs , which is true of any light with a remote .
 I 'm glad I purchased this via Amazon - because directly thru Pantone is expensive . However , this metallic swatch book sure was expensive for the 300 or so swatches . The only thing about this book that annoys me is that it 's longer than my other Pantone swatch guide books so it does n't fit in the Pantone holder with the other guides . I ca n't zip it up ! Warning to those using metallics - the darker the metallic , the less metallic the ink looks .
 It is a PANTONE ! product so as a designer you HAVE to have it . Also Pantone recommends that every single year you destroy your pantone swatch books and spend another $ 500 on new ones because they may not be slightly accurate down to the smallest molecule and has nothing to do with profits . But whatever . Do n't leave it out in the sun?Oh yeah ... the quality of this product is exactly as advertised .
 This is a great product if you have a small wiring job and need to protect the wire . It is a 25 foot roll of 3/8 flex conduit . It comes neatly packaged , does n't take up a lot of space , and is reasonably priced .
 I bought this bearing to replace one that wore out on my Fitness Quest 280 stationary exercise bike . The quality of this bearing is superior to the el-cheapo original one in the exercise bike . I have no doubt this bearing will hold up far better .
 This meter works great . It is a little sensitive for static electricity but if you leave the test leads hooked up to the lines you are trying to get a reading on it will give a good reading . The case quality is really cheap and not good quality .
 I needed to replace an antique R.S. multi-meter , at the same time wanting to expand my amperage measuring capabilities . I just inherited a diesel truck with some cold starting issues , and this meter seemed a good partner to tackle the job.The AC/DC amp ranges are 400A and 1000A and the hold feature allows you to clamp it in place , energize the system under test , then read the peak . Glo-plugs can be corporately and individually tested to compare for benchmark differences , helping to determine if all are working , and working together properly . Alternator output current measured during idle in loaded and unloaded conditions . Battery output current measured during glo-plug initiation , and then start up sequence to quantify the delivery of the Cold Cranking Amps that the batteries are rated for . -LRB- They should deliver at least half of the individual CCA rating for 15 seconds or be replaced . -RRB- When the engine starts you can see the reversal of the current flow and measure the rate of current going back into the battery , indicating whether it is properly recharging the batteries . My diesel system has two batteries connected in parallel and the DC amp-clamp helped to determine if both were contributing equally to the starting sequence , and receiving re-charge current equally . This helps to quickly determine if one battery is weaker and the other is doing more than it 's share of the work , or resolve wiring & connectivity issues.The meter comes with a set of test leads that are PVC , but still remain reasonably flexible down to 10 deg . F -LRB- coldest I 've had it -RRB- . AC amps readings seem very accurate - when testing a CF bulb stamped 390mA AC that 's exactly what it read -LRB- with the help of a X10 line separator - which multiplies small readings like this to 3.9 amps so the meter can read it -RRB- . The temperature in the room read two degrees higher than the thermometer on the wall , probably right , cold day = cool wall . Voltage readings are right on what you would expect -LRB- new `` AA '' battery 1.625 Vdc -RRB- -LRB- Wall socket 117 Vac tru-rms -RRB- -LRB- Hertz in the wall measures 59.99 Hz -RRB- . The Ohms scale corresponds well within tolerance while measuring 5 or 6 precision -LRB- 1 % -RRB- resistors I keep in my supplies . Capacitance also works well matching several caps I keep around . Continuity is indicated at measurements of less than 30 Ohms . Diode check shows the forward bias voltage and indicates `` OL '' when reversed.The back light on the display is useful in anything less than full daylight , which is when you need it . Display is large enough to read easily and the selector knob has an `` OFF '' position at both ends of the selection range , so you can go to whichever your closest to . Meter has a powerful enough spring in the clamp to easily hold it 's own weight and more , when clamping it and walking away to energize the part under test , and then returning to retrieve the measurement.It came with a padded vinyl carry case , test leads , K type temp probe , 9V battery , and instructions.I like this meter even more after working with it for the last several weeks and now have a good starting diesel to show for it , already paid for itself in savings ! Thanks Triplett !
 This is a great all around digital multimeter . The ability to measure current in a wire without interrupting the circuit is really useful . Works as advertised .
 EXCELLENT TEAM . . VERY MODERN . . . . FINE QUALITY IN CONSTRUCTION ... MANY FEATURES A LOW PRICE COMPARED TO OTHER SIMILAR ... . IS A GOOD BUY ... PRECISE IN MEASUREMENTS , HAVE ALL ACCESSORIES . .
 I bought this meter to check the DC amps in an automotive circuit . It performed as well as I had hoped . The light in the meter was a big help also . The Quality was good and I was well satisfied with the product .
 This strap wrench replaced an old one that wore out and that I missed a lot.It grips items that can not be gripped with other tools because there are noflat surfaces to grip or because gripping them would degrade the appearanceby marring or scratching the surfaces . It is ideal for fittings on faucetson sinks or bathtubs and any polished surfaces on pipes that need to begripped for turning .
 I have several of these strap wrenchs to open things like bottle lids -LRB- water bottles , pop bottles , glass jar lids -RRB- . They say that necessaity is the Mother of invention but I believe that maintaining your independence in your life is vital for anyone . This wrench adjusts to almost every lid I have tried to open . I think it would be helpful to anyone esp . for those whose hands arent as strong as they were once or those with arthritis and opening tight lids is both impossible and painful . Could be a very thoughtful gift for someone you care about .
 Strap is sufficiently strong enough to break free full floating rails on M4 rifles without marring or scratching the components your working on . In some cases you may need a bit more muscle than this can give but for the most part it does the trick . An example would be a Rock River Arms weapon , I swear they weld their rails on LOL ! You need more than this to get them off the RRA weapons . Otherwise will suffice for most light Gunsmithing work . Peace .
 This is a plumber 's tool . It is not intended to hold crankshafts , or other high torque objects . It will not break free something that is rusted together or tightened with &#34; never seize &#34; . It is excellent for it 's intended purpose , loosening objects such as shower heads , tub spouts , chrome pipes , etc. . It will also do a very passable job of opening jar lids , etc. . A caution on the jar lids
 I bought this to use as a oil filter wrench and figured it would come in handy for other things . I 've used this for oil filters , fuel filters , opening jars in the kitchen , turning pipes , end caps , etc. . This blows oil filter wrenches away because it is extremely adjustable and the strap can come out , wrap around something and be threaded back through for use . Example
 My husband uses these at work . He is a sign fabricator and they work very well under tough conditions .
 The Rev-a Shelf , 38 '' Half Moon Tray is an excellent product , for those who do n't like to get down on their knees , and search for pots and pans , in a blind corner cabinet . It was easy to install and comes with good installation instructions and templates .
 This is a great compressor . Not knowing much about the construction biz , I splurged to start work on my basement . Very good decision . Mostly agree with what others have said , but here are a few notes for those of you who are like me and DO N'T do this stuff for a living :1 . The manual says 15 Amps , but its more like a hair above that . It will trip a 15 Amp circuit breaker if there is more than one appliance . It even tripped my 15 amp dedicated circuit for my sump pump . My only good performance came from plugging into my dedicated washing machine outlet which happened to be 20 Amps .2 . One of the tubes came disconnected out of the box . The copper one that pumps the air into the reservoir . Not a big deal , but it took me about 2 hrs to figure out that a gasket was NOT missing and that the tube connects through a `` furrowing '' ring -LRB- basically it self-tightens to hold the tube in place -RRB- . Perhaps a quality control issue .3 . The cut-off pressure is not adjustable . Also not a big deal , but I do n't need 120psi in the reservoir just to inflate by car tires to 35 psi or do some minor household stuff . -LRB- I definitely would n't want to buy a second compressor for that either . -RRB- 4 . Aside from those minor inconveniences -LRB- hence the 4-stars -RRB- , this is a very plug-and-playable compressor for the DIY homeowner . Strong enough to do that wall framing project but delicate enough to handle the trim finish work and inflate your car tires . I made the mistake of buying one of the pancake style compressors and found it a little weak for doing the basement framing .
 I warn you this is long winded , but it will payoff in the end . I promise ! I chose this model over its oil lube sibling because of the higher recovery . I bought this compressor reconditioned at a great price of $ 189 about 6 months ago and it arrived within 2 days and in great shape ! I assumed by looking at it that either it was not what someone wanted or expected or used it for a quick job , cleaned it up and sent it back . I did n't care as long as it did n't need any parts . I turned it on and got no pressure . After a quick lookover I realized that the quick disconnect behind the removable control panel was , well , disconnected . Proving the latter assumption . After reconnecting all was fine except as everyone points out it cycles often . And after cycling 5 times , it tripped my 15A breaker . If you turn the unit on until it cuts off with nothing hooked up and the valve turned down to 0 , watch the gauge to see how long it holds . IT WO N'T BE LONG !!! I removed each air line fitting one at a time and resealed each line using Teflon tape AND dope . YES you can use Teflon tape for compressors if you get the correct rated tape and dope for gas lines . After 2 hours of tedious work the compressor now will achieve 160 PSI AND hold it for over an hour !!! I figured out a way to get the wire to stay wrapped up and all it required was to wind it in the opposite direction ! The only thing that would be nice is if could stand up on end . I 'm gon na make a couple of outriggers to accomplish that , but it 's not a priority for me . It 's compact enough to put in the trunk of my Civic ! And if you put a rubber washer under each of the bolts holding the top plate on it will stop rattling ! Put your work in ; IT 'S WORTH IT !!!
 Where else could you get 6CFM at 90psi and 150psi operating pressure in such a compact and portable package ? Price is a little high , but all of my tools -LRB- as do most all of them -RRB- have a maximum operating pressure of 125psi . And unlike the other compressors I have owned over the years , this one can actually provide enough air at 125psi to get the most out of my air tools . The only thing that I do n't like about it is that it only has a 50 % duty cycle .
 Michelles husband John using her account -RRB- I ` ve had this compressor for about a year now . Sometimes we use it on the jobsite , sometimes we use the comprable DeWalt that the guy I work with has - depends on who gets there first . The only complaints I ` ve had with it is that its heavy and the cord wrap stinks ! Lugging it into houses is a pain and since I primarily do finish work , most of the time it needs to come into the house to be close to the power source . -LRB- manual recomends not using extension cords whenever possible -RRB- I ` ve run every kind of nail gun imaginable on it , frequently more than one at a time , sometimes three or four at a time with a splitter and had no problems . I definitly find it to be better than its DeWalt counterpart and the older twin stack Emglow a guy who used to work with us had . I ` ve also had no problem with it starting up in below freezing weather while others I ` ve seen need to warm up for a little while . I would definitly buy this compressor again.John
 This the best compressor on the market it keeps up with 2 framing nailers with no problem all day this machine is for constuction not for paint gun with high volume you need a bigger tank 10 gallion or bigger . My Dad 's friends were amazed on how well it kept with my DAD 's 2 FC 350 FRAMING GUNS RUNNING THEM AT 90 PSI all day long . The only problem we had with is setting the psi , it was set after one or two try 's it works real well
 I install windows as part of my job . I use an air hammer to break out the old windows and they require a lot of air . This compressor worked well with some catch up time but hey , it 's only a 4 1/2 gallon tank . Cord wrap is fairly useless , handle makes it portable , regulator worked , switch and air release are protected . Mine was $ 214 after the $ 50 off , A9 , and the old $ 269 price , worth that and then some . I can lift this into my truck a lot easier than my contractor wheel barrow type Emglo . I hope it lasts a while but at what I paid I will consider it disposable though after one year .
 This compressor has delivered in all of the areas I expected . It is very portable and easy to use . CFM output is very adequate for small jobs or larger demands for short periods of time . My only disappointment was with the handle assembly . I feel that it should be more secure with some sort of locking mechanism .
 Here I am 4 years later and the compressor still works the same as the day I took it out of the box . It has been outside the whole time under my barn and still works perfect . I will buy another when this one dies ... if that ever happens .
 I purchased this compressor in 2002 and have been using it regularly for the past 6 years . Its terrific . I used it to roof my home - 25 squares . To do an addition and other heavy framing on some projects . I 've used it to blow texture.I really like the wheels - it makes it really nice to move around . Its really small for the amount of air it can produce.I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 I bought one of these to use with a my framing nailer . My old one was having trouble driving 3-1/2 '' nails into 100 year old , rock hard framing . This machine is solidly built , well designed , and powerful as hell . The big air filled tires and pull out handle make it easy to move around . It 'll put out as much as 150psi , but running it at only 120 -LRB- the limit of my Porter Cable clipped head framing gun -RRB- it counter sinks nails into 4 '' of the old lumber , no problem . Highly recomended .
 The first unit I purchased had one of the wheels significantly out of alignment . Way too much play in it . So , I contacted amazon and they promptly shipped another one out to me -LRB- 2-day shipping -- impressive -RRB- . I 've been using this compressor for about 3 months now . Nailing , stapling , and air cleaning . The wheels and extension handle are a monstrous plus -- the unit is quite heavy . I love the concept of being able to detach the valves ' console in order to bring it closer to the work place -LRB- need to purchase another hose for this ability , however -RRB- . The pressure , for the most part , maintains its equillibrium . What I do n't particularly care for about the unit is the airflow adjustment valve . It 's disappointingly cheaply made ... and I do n't trust it for the compressor 's duraction . Sometimes when I pull the plastic valve out -LRB- to adjust the PSI -RRB- , I 'm uncertain as to whether I unlocked it or not . Same thing when pushing it back in.Finally ... she 's loud and she exudes tremendous vibration . Be warned .05 update
 i have had the compressor about two years . no problems so far . i use it every day . as a i make my living trimming out houses all i care about is that it puts air in my guns . if the compressor is to loud you need to find another line of work guys .
 The job boss does the job it claims . The only complaint is that the outlet pressure regulator is cheap . I feel like it 's going to snap off at every turn . Other than that , it delivers .
 The first one of these I got tripped a 20A breaker about every third time the compressor kicked on . I made a call and dropped it off at a service center and within a week they sent a new one to my home ... no questions asked . Good service ! It is kind of noisy and a bit cumbersome to handle , but it works great and service means a lot !
 I warn you this is long winded , but it will payoff in the end . I promise ! I chose this model over its oil lube sibling because of the higher recovery . I bought this compressor reconditioned at a great price of $ 189 about 6 months ago and it arrived within 2 days and in great shape ! I assumed by looking at it that either it was not what someone wanted or expected or used it for a quick job , cleaned it up and sent it back . I did n't care as long as it did n't need any parts . I turned it on and got no pressure . After a quick lookover I realized that the quick disconnect behind the removable control panel was , well , disconnected . Proving the latter assumption . After reconnecting all was fine except as everyone points out it cycles often . And after cycling 5 times , it tripped my 15A breaker . If you turn the unit on until it cuts off with nothing hooked up and the valve turned down to 0 , watch the gauge to see how long it holds . IT WO N'T BE LONG !!! I removed each air line fitting one at a time and resealed each line using Teflon tape AND dope . YES you can use Teflon tape for compressors if you get the correct rated tape and dope for gas lines . After 2 hours of tedious work the compressor now will achieve 160 PSI AND hold it for over an hour !!! I figured out a way to get the wire to stay wrapped up and all it required was to wind it in the opposite direction ! The only thing that would be nice is if could stand up on end . I 'm gon na make a couple of outriggers to accomplish that , but it 's not a priority for me . It 's compact enough to put in the trunk of my Civic ! And if you put a rubber washer under each of the bolts holding the top plate on it will stop rattling ! Put your work in ; IT 'S WORTH IT !!!
 I bought this compressor as a factory reconditioned unit a year ago for $ 188 . It has exceeded my expectations . It is hard to find compressor with that much hp and CFM at that price . It is a heavy tool but that is expected given the nature . The wheels and handle make the weight very manageable . I particularly like the ` quick ' valve for draining the tank ... makes things much easier!This compressor will run all my pneumatic nailers , impact wrenches and sprayers . Great compressor for the money !!
 We used this compressor outside over the summer , generally 8 hours a day running two guns off of it -LRB- mostly brad/finish , sometimes framing -RRB- . Think of it like this , it 's somewhere between a pancake and a larger 15gal garage model . So expect this compressor to be good for driving more nails than a pancake , but not being able to keep up with air wratchets etc. . So for a homeowners stand point , this is total overkill for nailers , but not big enough for other tools . From a pro 's point of view , this makes perfect sense if you nail a lot -LRB- especially if its two framers at once -RRB- . This is what I think : * Its got power like a larger compressor , but at the cost of having to be run with at least 16 amps dedicated to it -LRB- very annoying if you want to run anything more than this and a saw off a 20amp -RRB- . This is more of an issue with a homeowner -LRB- its not always as simple as plug it in and go -RRB- , still though for a pro chances are you will be working on the site for a few days at least , so the 10min of effort required is not that big a deal . * For what it can run -LRB- 2 framers at a decent speed ! -RRB- , its very small and compact , still however the small tank really only limits you to running nailers . * Noise is comparable to that of maybe a diesel pickup idling , hard to talk over but it only runs for a little bit.So who should buy this ? People who plan on running a lot of nails . If you are a homeowner , i strongly suggest a pancake for nails , or a large tank for impact hammers , air ratchets etc. . Itll trip too easy , and the tank isnt large enough to run bigger stuff.This is a GREAT product for med/large remodeling jobs however , you can easily run 2 guns off of it at once , its portable enough to not get in the way of homeowners -LRB- especially if you have to move it everyday -RRB- . Since the tank is smaller , the pressure builds VERY fast in it . The only quip again is , this thing draws enough power that some thought has to be put into the circuit itll be put in -LRB- if not guaranteed you are going to be tripping this way and that -RRB- . Also in case I did n't mention , its reliable . As long as common sense is used , the thing will last .
 I am a General Electrical Contractor . I have owned quite a few compressors thru the years . I love the handle , and the wheels so that I can move this compressor easily . It is low enough to fit anywhere , also . Great Compressor ! Great buy .
 Arrived promptly and was exactly what I needed -LRB- the outside and inside parts -RRB- . As a note , when installing be sure to install the parts in the correct order -LRB- wall plate and then outside handle extender -RRB- . If you do not your water on/off tap will fall off after minimal use - I know this sounds elementary , but this problem stumped me for weeks ... -LRB- I guess it helps to read the instructions vs. just putting it together -RRB- . : &
 I was initially sceptical about the performance of this item , but I live on a hillside where raking is difficult , and decided it was worth a try as I was ordering a multi-attachment string trimmer anyway . The Amazon review indicated it would fit brands other than Poulan , and I was certainly happy when it snapped right on to my new Troy Bilt trimmer . The Amazon review also said the blower would produce a 150 mph jet of air , which I dismissed as ad hype.I was wrong.This blower BLASTS ! I kicks up a duststorm of leaves , gravel , small branches , and the occasional garden gnome . I works great for my hillside situation , allowing me to jet out leaves from under bushes and garden structures from 20 feet away , and cut my raking time from over an hour to just minutes . I would have given this unit 5 stars , but I have only used it for 2 weeks , and I have no idea of its durability over time .
 My neighbor had me buy this item and several of the attachments . This is really great . I would recommend it to any one . My neighbor and I use it often . The neighbor uses the chain saw and I use the weed eater and the blower . It is a great tool to have .
 As noted by other reviewers , this blower attachment produces high-speed , high-volume air flow that far exceeds the typical electric blower . We have a standard 12-amp electric blower and this unit is much better . In fact , in side-by-side comparisons with my neighbor 's backpack-mounted blower , this attachment seems to produce more of a blast . -LRB- Sorry , but I do n't have specs on his backpack unit , so the comparison is n't as meaningful as I 'd like , but the point is that this attachment has capabilities that meet or exceed dedicated units . -RRB- I 've owned the unit for over a year with absolutely no problems . The Poulan engine and drive unit is , of course , reliable and easy to start , with tolerable noise levels . The only downside to the blower that I 've noticed , which is n't much , is that the intake for the impeller is on top of the blower unit , which means that when I sometimes stick the blower into a pile of leaves to blow the whole pile away , some of the leaves get sucked onto the top of the blower and I 've got to bend down to pick them off . Like I said , it 's not much of a downside , but I 'm trying to be fair .
 This blower is fantastic . I have a 33cc poulon pro trimmer . This blower is quickly attached and switched with the trimmer . Works well . Saves money as i do n't have to purchase a blower and trimmer . I am interested in the edger attachment as well . Only negative is that i hoped for for blowing power , although there is plenty of power for the jobs i am doing . Would definitely recommend this product !
 I only used it once so far , but it is doing exactly what I expected it to do . I do not think it 's too weak - it creates quite a tempest wherever you direct it to . Of course , , I can not yet say anything on a long-term basis -LRB- durability -RRB- , but the product appears to be solid , not flimsy . It avoids having a 3rd gas engine to take care of , besides by lawn mower , and my weed-eater .
 This is a good blower attachment for your trimmer . Some reviews -LRB- justifiably -RRB- comment on the slight lack of power for this attachment . Keeping in perspective that a multi-use tool rarley compares @ 100 % to one that is specialized for a particular job , I think this attachment works very well . I do n't have a huge yard , and the Poulan Pro attachment system works very well for me . The cost of the implements combined with the space I save in my gagarge is key . It works great blowing out my gagarge , driveway , front and back porches . The only reason I did not give a 5 star is due to the plastic construction and not being sure how long it will last , however , the plastic construction makes the unit nice and light .
 It works okay but it is a little awkward to use at times . On occasion you have to tilt the blower to actually aim at the leaves etc. you are trying to move , this can be somewhat difficult and bothersome . The good thing is that the engine you are using is probably already warmed up and you do n't have to cold start another engine after you are done trimming your lawn .
 Was the cheapest way to get a gas blower . Already had gotten the Poulan Pro gas weed eater and the edger attachment , this attachment finished off my lawn care needs . It is n't the best blower , but it gets the job done and that with the price , it ca n't be beat .
 Do n't need a seperate blower now . Good power and wind speed , like a minature wind tunnel . Works really well , but is plastic , so longevity might be an issue . Time will tell , but so far , so good .
 The blower is a very nice addition to my attachments for the Poulan Pro . It does an excellant job with the leaves.The only problem I have had so far is that the blower fan was not attached to the cable . This was right out of box . I had to take apart and put the bolt into the cable adapter . No problems yet . I have had it about 4 months .
 great for light duty stuff around the yard if you do n't need a heavy duty one . Electric cables can be annoying , so if you already have a trimmer you can attach this to it may be a good choice . Do n't buy a trimmer just for this though , just get a cheap blower . And it blows pretty well too .
 I do the lawn maintenance at our apartment building and this attachment has saved me a lot of time now that I do n't have to sweep the grass clippings off of walkways . Have n't had any problems so far . I was n't sure if this attachment would do the job but it actually does it very well . Since I already purchased the Poulan Pro weed wacker this lightweight attachment was a money saver .
 This does exactly what I needed it to do and has more power than I expected . Because it is an attachment I was not expecting it to have as much power as a regular blower but it did and was able to clean up the lawn and driveway of all the leaves . Definitely worth the price to save my backaches that always follow using the rake .
 It saves you from buying several equipment that you may otherwise not use a lot . I already had the Poulan weedeater and when my electric blower died , I decided to give this a try . It is lightweight and powerful . I do n't think it would fit the needs of a professional gardener or if you have a big yard to maintain . This would be more appropriate for a homeowner with a small yard .
 I really like this blower it does it 's job ! Comes with 2 attachments and it 's powered by the weedeater . East to change and store ! Great product .
 Very happy and satisfied with this product . Found it to be compatible with my Craftsman four cycle power head . Have no problem directing air flow as some reviews state . When air flow is pointed down the Craftsman power head rests under my arm pit and is very comfortable there . No excessive heat or noise . The Craftsman power head blows the air , noise and exhaust back and away from my body . I was reluctant to purchase this item after reading that some customers found the power head of other makes right next to their ear with the blower pointed down . I have given all of my two cycle equipment away and have purchased several more attachments . Note that I happen to be right handed . Thank you Amazon .
 I 'm very satisfied with all my Poulan products . This is the latest item I added and it works as I expected .
 Easy to change out from other attachments . Works really well , could blow a touch harder .
 I bought this to work with my new Toro gas trimmer . It works pretty darn well , but the angle on the shaft I think could be a little better . I often find that I have to raise my arms pretty high to get it to blow straight ... just a minor annoyance . And I do n't think I can recommend it for large yards . It just seems if you have a LOT of blowing/clearing to do , you might want to get a dedicate blower . But for my yard , -LRB- roughly 7,000 sq ft. -RRB- it works pretty well .
 Replaced a 10 plus year old electric weed eater blower with this attachment . Works great . No longer limited to the length of a cord .
 Excellent deal on Amazon ! Cost less than Walmart . My husband loves it .
 I am glad that these tools are not bulky and can get into small , narrow spaces . I 'm a little worried that they may rust easily , but time will tell . They are shorter than I thought they would be , each piece being the length of my middle finger .
 This pick set works very well for working with o-rings in hydraulic hose connections . The magnet is also strong enough to pick up metal hardware that is dropped in a difficult to reach location .
 For the past two years , I have used this set for various repair projects . All of the components have held up well . Like other small tools , the owner will find many previously unplanned applications . For example , with this tool set an internet instructions you can repair and iPod nano . Complementary to other small tool such as miniature screwdriver sets and hemostats , this set will enable users to repair tiny items previously outside of your ability . Given their low cost , they are nice to have around even if you have no specific use for them at the time of purchase .
 Have used many times . Especially the hook tip . Seems to be strong enough for most uses . Good product for low price .
 This is a fantastic set ! All high percentage moves and great Russian belt-grab throws and pick-ups . The throwing dvds are worth the entire set !!! Great stuff and I really love the flying armbar section . Tons of techniques plus fantastic instruction from a Sambo Master -LRB- and gentleman . Excellent production quality ... a HOME RUN !
 I purchased this to upgrade both a Macbook and a Macbook Pro . It worked well , it seems to be of good quality , it provided a nice fitting for the macbook screws , and the magnetic hold is also beneficial .
 hard to find good quality `` 0 '' phillips head screwdriver . This is a good one , high quality , crisp head . A must for computer or other small phillips head screws .
 This tool was great to open a 2007 Honda Civic key remote for battery change . These can be very difficult to open without stripping the screw head . I had to take it to the dealership and they also struggled . This tool worked like a charm on my spare remote .
 Screwdriver had decent hold . Only problem was it was a bit too small to open my 13 '' macbook pro . I was still able to use it with some effort .
 I have a goldblatt texture gun and have had it more than four years , used it many times on many jobs . The trigger broke , I ordered the repair kit and rebuilt the gun I was worried that the brass air rod was not part of this kit the original rod in the gun has a set screw that was filed down and I could not get it off but the rebuild kit has the brass air rod with the kit it is -LCB- not shown in the picture -RSB- I 'm happy to say my gun is like brand new again thanks . they should show the brass air rod also comes with the kit so other people know that it comes with the kit because I destroyed mine trying to ge the trigger off of it Thanks Again !!!
 The quality and fit of the components in the kit was on par with the factory original parts . No modifications were necessary and the gun worked perfectly after re-assembly .
 Look high and low for a repair kit.Best pattern gun ever built and have used it many times .
 The blades would have worked fine but came with large holes and none of the rubber hardware that was needed to make them fit my fan . I ended up cutting the original blades down to fit , so returned the item.The were nice blades , though and would have looked good on the fan .
 wrench is great . ordered it to hold crankshaft pulley and worked great . can be used for multiple applications . i 'm just hoping it will stand up for many years to come .
 I Use it for timing belts to hold the crank shaft , works great , buy ! cant go wrong price is half of ones on the truck its the same thing !
 I wanted to put some vents in my home theater cabinet , so I picked up some120 mm fan grills . 4 1/4 inches turned out to be the best size hole for the fan grills , so I ordered this hole saw . It cut through the veneered MDF on the back of my cabinet with no chipping or splintering.If you do n't already have one you 'll need ahole saw arborto hold the hole saw and mount it into your drill .
 I 've had this for two years now , and it 's still working great . Good seal , easy installation -LRB- even for someone like me , with no plumbing experience -RRB- .
 This size crowfoot is not easily found in hardware stores , and if you are lucky enough to actually find this size , it is very expensive . This crowfoot worked for my project at a very affordable price .
 I bought this for work and it is of good quality , and definitely worth the price , especially when compared to what you would pay at sears
 The blades would have worked fine but came with large holes and none of the rubber hardware that was needed to make them fit my fan . I ended up cutting the original blades down to fit , so returned the item.The were nice blades , though and would have looked good on the fan .
 Got this to measure for garage I am building and because I was tired of trying to measure distances over 25 ft with the typical Stanly tape measure . My concrete contractor saw it and said I better put my name on it before one of the contractors walks off with it .
 havent used it , not tons of space , but just right for car bag or jumpers and other handy items needed when out on the road . found other little pouches handy , but wouldnt mind more , but i would just overdo it and have to much stuff ... havent had to hike anywhere or test it , but feel confident of materials ...
 This has everything you need in a corded drill.Unlike other imports , this BOSCH is a solid and extremely well engineered tool . The controls are as simple as possible -LRB- form follows function -RRB- , this drill is well balanced and a pleasure to use . Lengthly drilling into difficult materials has not resulted in an overheated tool!This BOSCH can be serviced -LRB- carbon motor brushes -RRB- by the owner and is designed and built to last a lifetime . -LRB- It replaces a Chinese-made US-brand drill that cost less , looked like a bargain but did not last -- and could NOT be serviced . -RRB- The BOSCH is so well made that I would actually feel good paying even more for such a life-time investment.All this begs the obvious question
 Somewhere in Switzerland there was a convoy of parts destined to built military tanks , aircraft , and mining equipment . For some reason this convoy got diverted to the Bosch factory and they decided to make 1012VSR drills out of them . I feel as if this drill was literally forged from the finest steel and uses nothing but the highest quality plastics in the grip and housing . The torque is not only adequate but surprisingly powerful for the heaviest of home improvement projects . This drill makes short work out of a garage renovation I am undertaking . They could have charged me $ 249 for this drill and I 'd still feel as if I was getting a bargain.I 've used some very nice Makita , Dewalt , and Milwaukee drills before . All of them were very nice but they also had a clunky , rough feel to them . The Bosch 1012VSR feels just as strong as the nicest drills from other manufacturers but the controls are so much smoother . The trigger for the drill speed is so smooth and linear that it honestly took me by surprise . Backing out a screw takes just a fine but controllable squeeze yet the drill can speed up to a screamingly fast RPM within a split second if needed.To put it plain and simple this is the last drill I feel I will ever need to buy . I ca n't imagine another feature that a drill would need which would make it more desireable than this one . I do n't care for cordless drills nor do I need them . The Bosch 1012VSR is perfect for home improvement and is a perfect drill for people who love quality tools that they will own forever .
 I purchased this drill from Amazon in early 2012 . It is Swiss made and is easy to handle for drilling and attaching screws . I own about a dozen drills of other brands -LRB- mostly 1/2 inch or larger -RRB- but wanted a 3/8 inch drill since I had given away my Milwaukee 3/8 inch to my son-in-law . I looked at a number of 3/8 drills but settled on the Bosch . This is my first Bosch drill and the place of mfg. entered into my decision but was not a deciding factor . The drill is quality all the way through like other Bosch tools . It has a great chuck that seems to really hold well and has a lot of torque and power for all 3/8 level applications . The gear train does n't sound as good as a Milwaukee 0234 drill but the run-out is very low -LRB- unlike some of the China made drills on the market -RRB- . This drill will likely last a lifetime and in my opinion is worth the cost .
 This drill says made in Switzerland right on the handle . It feels and sounds like power tools made before the great migration to Chinese manufacturing . The trigger is variable speed , offering smooth control from low to high speed . The gearing is high enough torque that there is plenty of power at low speed for driving screws and the motor stops spinning quickly when the trigger is released . The hand tighten chuck is accurately machined so it has no problem hanging onto bits . The motor shaft spins true on center . The forward/reverse switch is above the trigger , easily accessed but not subject to accidental operation . The cord is eight feet long and tough . I have not used the included auxiliary handle.Yeah , you have to plug it in . But I think this drill is lighter and better balanced than the popular battery drills of similar power . And I 've wasted enough money on tools that have proprietary rechargeable batteries that are so expensive to replace you just throw the tool away when the batteries die . This drill should last me for years and I 'm proud to own it .
 I bought this drill as a Christmas gift for my brother , who just bought a fixer-upper and as a result has a lot of tasks that need doing . I have to confess I know not a lot about drills , but he told me exactly what he wanted and he is more than pleased . The drill is quite powerful and well-balanced in your hands when using it . The keyless chuck is a timesaver and makes changing bits a lot faster . All in all , an excellent all-purpose drill .
 Do n't shy away from this tool just because its made of Beech instead of rosewood . I have one of these and one similiar made by Lee Valley tools . Though not as pretty as the rosewood models , they are tougher than they look and work well . I have several marking gauges -LRB- I think 5 -RRB- , mainly because I tend to use the same dimensions a lot , so I have them set to the most common ones I use , with a couple to use with other stuff . Saves time and besides I like looking at em . HaHa . Every serious or want to be serious wood worker needs at least one of these . Much more accurate for layout than a pencil , especially for mortise/tenon , and dovetail joints . Highly recommend .
 I just ordered and received this . I have n't used it yet , so this is an initial impression . It 's fairly nice , and feels solid . The only thing I do n't like is that the thumb screw used to adjust the unit is made of plastic , and looks cheap . It may hold up well over time , but it makes the unit feel cheap , which it is n't .
 This classic marking gauge meets my expectations for a quality tool , A must for any progect with mortise and tenon or dovetail joints . Would recommend this guage if you are looking for a value priced tool .
 I really wish I could afford the nicer rosewood marking gauges , but I am not in need of using one that often . The marking gauge I received had no defects and worked well for my project . The plastic thumb screw really makes it feel cheap , but a work-around was a visit to my local big box home improvement store . I purchased a brass 5/16 - 18 brass threaded insert and a matching 5/16 - 18 x 1 '' zinc thumb screw -LRB- I could n't find a brass matcher -RRB- . The threaded insert outer threads matched the threads in the wood and the thumb screw fit perfectly . Now it does n't look so cheap and works well too .
 Just Got the gauge in the mail , the thumbscrew was a bit stiff but freed up after a few turns slide works well , Pins seem solid . Nice to have a gauge that does not cost a fortune
 My gauge was delivered in nice shape . The brass adjustable slide was difficult to move at first so I spent some idle TV time working on it , sliding it back and forth a little at a time . Now it slides nicely.The plastic thumb screw locks the beam just fine too , so no problems there.I may have to buy another one like other reviewers mentioned , one to mark the mortise , and one to mark the tenon.I feel it 's a very good value for the money .
 I must admit that when it comes to bits I am no expert . I have used many different kinds but most of them have been the cheepest I could get . Most bought at the flea market . This was the first Grizzly set I have tried and it was for the dewalt router I found here on Amazon . I love it . It cuts much cleaner and smoother than the other bits I have . I believe I will buy more of the Grizzly bits for my tools . I was greatly surprised at how well it cut the NO. 2 white pine . I have been trying to make some nice things out of not so nice wood and this set was a pleasant surprise . It is well worth the extra money even though it is a relitevly inexpensive set .
 great value , great package . on sale the value is super . i bought a set of another brand , they were junk , only wish grizzly made set in 1/2 '' shank
 I bought this to do little knock around work around the house . When I saw the price my expectations were really low because there is no way you can get a good drill that cheap . Boy was I wrong this little Black And Decker drill is amazing . It is powerful and feels well built . Now I would n't use it to do big jobs like build a house or a deck but to do minor home improvements around the house you cant beat this . Black And Decker hit a home run with this drill everyone should own one .
 You just ca n't beat this for $ 13 . Better deal than shopping at Harbor Freight . You have to have the right tool for the job . This is not what I would grab to build a deck with . You surely wo n't see me doing any framing with it . But what I do use this for is putting together inexpensive furniture -LRB- IKEA -RRB- , and running my Chip Foose Mothers Power Ball . Nice drills have motors with brushes . After a certain amount of use , those brushes wear down and you have to have them replaced . Why buy an expensive drill , then wear down the motor doing little things like hanging a picture , then not be able to use it when you 're actually working on a building project ? Save your good tools for big jobs where you need a good tool . For petty projects , get something smaller & less expensive.Mothers 05147 PowerBall 4Paint KitMothers 05140 PowerBallMothers 05141 PowerBall Mini Polishing ToolMothers Power Polishing Kit
 Received quickly and packaged safely . This is a great tool for little jobs around the house , and at a great price . I would recommend this product .
 great drill at a great price , has a lot of torque and high speed . drives screws real fast also.black and decker is awesome
 I 'm very pleased that the drill had arrived in like new condition , was received in due time , if not sooner.I would buy from seller at anytime in the futer . Thanks .
 We love this faucet ! We renovated our kitchen 8 years ago and purchased this faucet as well as the matching bar sink version . They have held up well with no issues . They are as beautiful today as they were when we purchased them.The solid brass construction is terrific - another non-brass non-Kohler product in our home has not worked out as well . The finish is durable and beautiful.We have purchased Kohler products for our baths as well as Kohler sinks in the kitchen . I love these products . No concerns like with American Standard -LRB- toilets have chronic clogging issues due to poor design per contractors -RRB- . I ca n't say enough positive things .
 The items arrived quickly and were very easy to install . Water does flow away from foundation . They do flip up but holding clips on the downspout would make it much more functional
 This is a must for crimping narrow ends of metal . I needed this to secure a motor mount insert to its bracket by expanding the corners on the circular ends . Worked great !
 I needed new blades for my mower , and was finding the right blade difficult.The Maxpower Universal blade fitted well.Delivery time was excellent . Thanks Regards Paul
 Great product for the money . No problems so far , but I 've only used them for a couple months . Seriously look into these bits if you are a weekend warrior . You ca n't beat the price .
 Okay , it 's a cable ... so it works , but a few upsides here :1 . flexible - I used this for my Varizoom controller to reach the camera on the end of my jib arm . I use the Skycrane which gives you a great degree of rotation and I did not want a stiff cable . Good feature .2 . reinforced plugs - hoping this will help with prolonged life , eliminating fatigue where the plugs join the cable .3 . length - it was what I ordered 10 ' . This is a great choice for an 8 ' jib arm , allowing room for extreme tilt axis .
 Great Buy , everything works perfectly . No complains . I will buy it again ! Suggested !! Great . Love it . Thanks , so much ! Great
 It 's a cable . It works . It seems to be of good quality . It 's exactly what it is supposed to be .
 Although not quite as durable as the maglight and does not have the adjustable beam feature the all aluminum case is better than any regularflashlight out there and the price -LRB- under ten Dollars -RRB- ca n't be beat greatall around flashlight
 Every wood worker needs at least one of these in their tool chest , I have several . Much more accurate than marking with a pencil , I use em for laying out mortise/tenon joints and dovetails.This gauge is every bit as nice as my Lee Valley marking gauges , very nice fit and finish and operates smoothly . Fits the hand well and the points take and hold a nice edge -LRB- I like a chisel point on my gauges , cuts the wood instead of tearing it -RRB- . The brass inserts insure the face will last for years . The knobs and slide are also high quality brass and are easy to operate.This is a quality tool and I recommend it highly .
 I have been using this mortice/marking gauge for a while.It does its job well and did n't build up any play over time.Definitively a good buy
 There 's no doubt that a marking gauge is essential , and makes for for more accurate joinery cutting . And this particular example seems really well made for the price . The biggest thing that bugs me , however , is that it uses pins rather than knives to do the marking . Being round , the pins tend to wander when traveling with the grain , making for less accurate lines . With cross-grain marking , then tend to tear the wood fibers rather than slice.The mod I 'd recommend would be to file the pins flatter near the ends , creating knife points rather than sharpened rods . This will help in cross-grain situations , slicing the grain and giving you a much sharper line . And if you angle the front of the `` blade '' away from the tool just slightly , it will pull the tool tightly against the workpiece when marking with the grain -LRB- instead of following the grain off your intended line -RRB- . This little modification should make this gauge a sharp performer . -LRB- I apologize for that horrible play on words . -RRB-
 Well made tool that is beautiful to hold and works great . Of course my husband could use a much less expensive tool to accoumplish the same task , but for those that appreciate fine hand tools , you will appreciate this mortice marking gauge . The first one arrived with the brass knob missing-I can see how that could happen-but they sent me a new one that arrived in 3 days ! Fab customer service and great tool-what else could you want ? My husband loved it . Thanks !
 I 've been doing wood working for a number of years and seen the value of using a marking cage . I finally decided to actually go buy one . I 've looked at and tried a few and this one had the features I wanted including the double pins . The price was right and have used it now several times and I 'm satisfied with its performance .
 Blade arrived on time exactly as promised . Instructionsh are very easy . Came with plenty of parts . Fit on my machine just fine . Would order from here again . Blade does good mulching job
 We recently updated our kitchen and it was suggested that we replace our existing kitchen cabinet handles / pulls with new Pewter ones since they would go well with our new Stainless Steel appliances . We liked the variety of styles offered by Top Knob and reviewed their on-line catalog for a selection . We found the ones we liked on Amazon and saved some money by ordering through Amazon .
 If you are into 18V Dewalt this is a decent enough deal . It 's only missing one feature - the impact hammer drill , but you do get 2 batteries , a charger , and the handheld inspection light . I was never that impressed with dewalt 's halogen lights mainly due to bulb life , light output , and the klunky design of black & decker ; 's patented vacuum hose handle - but their fluorescent lights are efficient and bright enough to work with.Price on this has moved around - when I bought it it included the drill holster and was significantly less dough which made it a good deal all the way around . It 's still a deal since nothing is refurbished , but dewalt should just throw the holster into the bag rather than running a special for 1 month like they did.Bag is heavy and holds lots of other tools as well - put your name on it so it does n't walk off on the site .
 Do n't buy this if you have a heavy duty project and need a jigsaw , I do n't think it will hold up . This is great for the occasional weekend warrior though . Just an FYI , DOES NOT COME WITH A STARTER BLADE . Make sure you buy one .
 This has really held up well for several years . The design is good and the pruners are easy to get in and out .
 We recently updated our kitchen and it was suggested that we replace our existing kitchen cabinet handles / pulls with new Pewter ones since they would go well with our new Stainless Steel appliances . We liked the variety of styles offered by Top Knob and reviewed their on-line catalog for a selection . We found the ones we liked on Amazon and saved some money by ordering through Amazon .
 Never heard of Felo before i stumbled upon this driver handle . I am very pleased with the design as it allows you to get more leverage by using it as a T-handle , and you do n't need to carry around another handle . It 's odd rippling shape really helps you grip it both as a driver and a T-handle . A ratcheting version would be awesome
 If you 've never seen an amana bit before and have typically used bits like freud or bosch from home depot . . this bit will surprise you with both its quality and size . 2-inches is quite long for a cutting height . It means you can saw through a 2x4 with this bit . Since it is solid carbide it can be resharpened until the edge is gone or you shatter it by hitting a knot in the wood and torquing the bit . . or chipping it on a nail/screw . One application of a bit like this is plunging into OSB/plywood on the side of a house for window cutouts after boards are just nailed up . Another would be cutting grooves for 1/2 '' shelving to rest in , similar to a dado blade.Hope that helps .
 I have used this drill for many years . I just replaced the battery again . It is well worth the money . The construction is tough plastic or nylon . It will stand up to everyday use and it runs on a charge for plenty of time . It was recomended to me by a plant manager . He used it because it was light and would drive sheet metal screws all day long . It is a light duty type of drill , every day home use is where it fits . The chuck on mine is almost worn out and slips on round bits . I use the hex sided bits in it now and I could replace the chuck but the hex sided bits solve the problem . I will go through this set of batteries and then get a new drill . Three battery packs and it is still going after all these years . Great purchase for home use such as putting up blinds , curtains , hinges on doors , pilot holes , all around general use for the home . I used it to put up my fencing driving screws all day long . It can drill throug metal with the correct bits , but keep in mind it is two speed and if you were going to use it to work metal it will not go as long . I also used it hang kitchen cabinets and it never runs down . I think it is a winner . Industrial it is not but for home use its the ticket .
 This is a handy tool , solidly built and you 'll find a surprising number times you 'll be glad for the swivel neck for getting into awkward places . The neck locks firmly into place , with no play . The quick change bit system makes changing bits fast and painless , and the three finger trigger is nice and comfortable to use with great control over drill speed .
 Everything about this scoop is fine , except the handle is just not great . It does n't show in the description that the handle is not solid underneath . It is hollowed out in a channel shape that runs down the handle to the scoop portion . After working with for about 30 minutes , your hand will tend to rub against the edges which are n't cast too great . The ridges are hardly noticeable at first but once your hands are soaking wet and you have been digging a while , you really start to think about it more.While uncomfortable , it is not overly so . My thought is that it was done this way to make the scoop cheaper ... I think a bit of smoothing with some sandpaper could fix the problem though.Overall , I would buy again .
 This bit is a masonary bit to be used in a hammer drill . It is a good quality bit from a company that is known for quality tools , esp . when it comes to hammer drills.If you were only making a small number of small holes in masonary , say for anchors , you might be able to use a standard drill with non hammering masonary bits . But if the job calls for larger quantities or larger holes , Step up to a hammerdrill with hammer masonary bits like this one.I have used this bit to drill through concrete block foundation walls in order to feed conduit and wires to exterior outlets . This bit when used in conjunction with a hammerdrill , made the holes needed much faster than a rotary non hammer masonary bit in a non hammer drill.Bosch bits seem to stand up to tough use better than the B&D ; / Dewalt bits that I had previously used . The Shank of the bit is reduced down to fit in the chuck of a 1/2 inch hammer drill . So you can not use this if your hammerdrill has a 3/8 inch chuck . Also , I use this bit in a Ridgid Hammerdrill that is rated for this size bit . Many other brands do not generate enough power or torque to turn this large of a bit , so check the specifications on your hammer drill before using it with this bit or you could risk damaging the tool . I would resist the temptation to try using this bit with a cordless drill for the same reason .
 I have used one of the smaller bosch bits for anchoring in my basement walls many many times . On the strength of that performance , I purchased this bit . I got this one for running some wire through my basement wall to the outside . I used it in my Milwaukee Cordless Hammer drill . Smooth as butter . I think this bit will last a long time . The price was right , the performance is good , and if it performs like other bits in this family , the longevity will be excellent .
 when used with a corded hammer drill , it goes through most concrete like butter . Older and harder concrete make the job tougher , but it still works great .
 I was very impressed with the high quality of this bit . It makes the hardware store brands look like toys . I was using -LRB- not for intended purpose -RRB- to drill hardened lawn mower blades and the hardware store bit completely failed -LRB- unusable -RRB- after one blade . This bit drilled eight before needing sharpening of the well mounted carbide tip .
 The only thing they could improve on with this simple ceiling fan switch is to provide the buyer with a chain instead of a string to extend the length .
 I have owned several pairs of the boxer model of C.L.C. I like the rubberized grips on the gloves to grip onto boxes and water bottles at work . They are perfect until the rubber dots wear off , which is about 2 months . Using them to grip anything after that is very difficult . I do use them as weight lifting gloves at the gym and they are great for that reason . I would recommend them for multiple purposes but not solely for grabbing boxes .
 These gloves are very comfortable & very grippy . I use them everyday & I love them . I have thought about buying another pair , just to keep for the day these come apart , but I will just wait it out & see actually how long I can get out of them , probably going to be a while .
 I recieved the gloves in a timely manner and they are still to this day in excellent shape . I even had many at work who like them and asked me to get them a pair for the job.I love these gloves
 I 've had these gloves for over three years . I 've never used them for work related situations until now . I 've used them for just the cold weather , these gloves actually work pretty well over 30 degree cold weather . I recently just started using them for work , they provide comfort as well as sensitivity so that you do n't have to actually take your gloves off to get something out of your pocket . Ideal especially if you work outdoors . I have to get them special ordered for some reason at brick & mortar Hardware stores . They do n't seem to carry this particular model which is better than all their other models . I wish it came completely black is the only bad part i feel about it .
 Excellent case . Clasp will not break . Write your name with broad tip magic marker all over case for security . Selection includes two larger nut drivers -LRB- HS-16 , HS-18 -RRB- than often included in such kits .
 It was tough for me to break down and spend the money on this Starrett combination square , but I am so glad that I did . I have used a few different combination squares in my 22 years of woodworking ; Starrett has always proven to be the most accurate and last the longest.I bought a $ 40 square several years ago and noticed it was just a little off from being square . When I put the Starrett square against my $ 40 square , you can really notice the difference of how far off my cheaper square is . I compared the Starrett square with my machinist protractor and they matched up . So I checked all the squares in my shop with the Starrette and all but one were off by around .75 degrees . I know they were not perfectly square before checking them , but it is now very nice to have something that is perfectly square so that I can properly set my machines.This item arrived without an oil protective coating . I like that since I do n't like to have to do a lot of cleaning before using a tool . Before I used it , I applied a good coat of Renaissance wax to help the parts slide well and protect it from rusting . This method of protecting my metal tools has proven very good in my high humidity environment.The ruler has a satin finish and the lines/numbers are engraved . It is very easy to read and the lines are very thin so you can get precise measurements -LRB- unlike stamped or CNC 'd rulers -RRB- . The adjustment knobs are also very easy to handle compared to my other squares.The square arrived in a quality plastic case with cut foam inserts for each of the pieces .
 Footprints are sort of the Wusthofs of the `` chisel world . '' The other Amazon review from Alpha Chi on this product was excellent , so I wo n't get into the fact that the grip is polymer rather than plastic . I will tell you that you can immediately tell this is a `` best in class '' tool the same way you know when you hold a Snap-on dual 80 ratchet , a Craftsman full-polish open end wrench , a PB Swiss SwissGrip Phillips screwdriver , or a Stabila level . You know when you pick up this tool and * carefully * run your finger across the finely honed edge and feel the quality of the handle as well as the substantial weight of this chisel , that you 've bought one of the best chisels made . In addition , how many chisels come with their own storied history of being made in a region -LRB- Sheffield , England -RRB- that was making cutting tools before the United States was even a country ?
 My night lights arrived within 3 days of ordering . They are lovely ! Much prettier than I expected . I ca n't wait to give the gold one as a gift to my mom.Thank you !
 This is the most beautiful item I have seen . The detail is amazing , the colors send a thrill through me . I highly recommend this product , the delivery was very fast . This product exceeded my expectations in every way !!
 I love the copper color with the purple undertones ! Sturdier than I had expected . Really lovely when the light is on or off ! Great purchase !
 When this light is on at night it looks exactly like the photo . It is beautiful , but during the day the copper has a fake reddish tint to it that I would not wish to view so I put in in a floorboard socket , which most people use them anyway . Maybe that is the color they had to use to get it to light up with a nice color ; I do n't know , but I would give it a 5 if the color were more realistic .
 It 's nice but does n't have an automatic on off sensor . Still , it 's lovely and perfect for me . If you 're looking for something you do n't have to switch on and off this is n't the one for you , but if you do n't mind that , then this is a beautiful night light with a good level of illumination .
 This is just what I wanted . It has such fine detail and the color is perfect for the powder room that I have it in . My only wish is that the light base would swivel as my outlet is horizontal - but I knew this before I bought it . It was a bit pricey , but it is well worth it .
 Very delicate , but beautiful as a night light in one of our extra bedrooms . Came with a clear bulb , may replace it with a white one for a bit softer light . Beautiful when lit in the dark !
 This is more stunning lit on the wall than the picture . A friend said - `` This is really a piece of art '' . Extremely sophisticated .
 We recently updated our kitchen and it was suggested that we replace our existing kitchen cabinet handles / pulls with new Pewter ones since they would go well with our new Stainless Steel appliances . We liked the variety of styles offered by Top Knob and reviewed their on-line catalog for a selection . We found the ones we liked on Amazon and saved some money by ordering through Amazon .
 Right.So why did this manufacturer put so much effort into producing a tool often relegated to the bottom of the tool box ? Noting the quality of the metal and its forging to a Rockwell hardness that rivals some expensive hunting blades just makes you shake your head , as in who would do this for a BRICK CHISEL ? Wood chisels sure , and these can be priced into the stratosphere , but for a BRICK CHISEL ?! It must be a FOOTPRINT!Footprint is one of those rare manufacturers that strive to make the best product of its kind , no matter what that product is . You wo n't find this name epoxied to a dirty plywood cut-off in a cluttered isle at your local home improvement warehouse or in dusty makeshift wooden bins piled like loose nails.I must have them ALL!This chisel , like most Footprint products , is the heftiest , hardest , sharpest -LSB- yes , I said sharpness -RSB- , safe , and well-balanced * professional * chisel out there . I was shocked at the Amazon price for this quality and hard to find chisel and grabbed up a collection of just about every useful variation Amazon had to offer from Footprint . I had to wait six months for this one but when the boxes arrived -LSB- yep , boxes , as in double-boxed and fully cushioned -RSB- and I finally pulled this chisel from its cardboard and airbagged surroundings was I peeved or piqued over the long wait . No , oddly , holding it in my hand and turning it from every direction admiring its well-executed form , clean finish , and massive feel , I was ecstatic . Go figure.Ok , so I 'm a little OCD ... But quality like this is really difficult to find at a price most regular folk can afford . And price aside , how much do you think your eyes , hands , heck , even the project you 're working on is worth , overall ? I think I deserve the best and can only hope all tradesmen and DIY'ers feel the same when buying their tools . Most of them , especially the ones with all their parts attached , do.Ok , so it 's a chisel with training wheels , yes?The protective very hard and oversized polymer -LSB- yes , I said polymer , not plastic -RSB- cap is a necessity , not an accessory , no matter what brand of chisel you purchase . Here again , FOOTPRINT makes theirs from a very substantial and easily gripped polymer that will bear the brunt of an occasionally misdirected blow far better than your hand.AX ~
 Works great so far . Beautiful design and it seems to hold the edge well . The guard is nice for when the wife comes along and distract you while your hammer is coming down ...
 My dealer here wanted to get my arms and legs for a replacement of this item . luckily amazon came to my rescue . this item was a terrifect fit and has been working in top condition so far ! I would definitely recommend this as alternative for those seeking parts on a budget !
 This replacement motor fit right on the shroud and installation was a breeze . Hope it lasts 10 years like the original . Fast service and good price .
 Works great and installed perfectly . Much better price than the stock fan I was quoted for $ 250 ! I got this fan and had installed for less than $ 140 total !
 This item works just the same as the original Honda part , but at a fraction of the price . Fits and functions the same as the original .
 I picked up this iron at a swap around ten years ago , and since then it 's been the first iron I grab for anything short of soldering tinplate . The Antex irons are better and easier to use than just about anything else you might try , and that 's because they 're very different from the typical iron most of us learned on in a number of significant ways.First , they use a slide-on tip . Slips on , slips off , requires no tightening or adjustment ever . Second , because they heat the tip from the inside , not via a clamp or screw connection , they 're much more efficient than the usual iron - they say an 18watt iron is the equivalent of the typical 30 watt iron , and if anything , that 's an underestimate.Third , they heat super fast - usually in 45 seconds or less . You do n't need to leave you iron plugged in all afternoon and worry about it burning up while you 're busy working on some other aspect of a project . I keep mine plugged into a switched power strip . When I 'm ready to solder , I switch it on , and when I 'm finshed I switch it off.And last , they 're incredibly light . This is truely a featherweight tool . If you 're doing any sort of electronics work at all , I 'd strongly recommend an Antex iron . In 40 yers of electronics work I have n't found anything better .
 Antex ironI have used an 18 watt Antex iron for almost 30 years , and I have to agree that it is one of the best soldering irons ever made . It is the iron I reach for first . It is unmatched for printed circuit and small connector work . Other irons , despite nice , fancy temperature controls , often are simply too big to deal with today 's small components . I have even used it to solder 12 gauge speaker wire , and it worked great.You will need to order tips separately , as they are not included . Amazon has a good selection . If you do not know which you should get , a medium chisel tip is a safe bet to start . Depending on what kind of soldering you do , you may want several different tips.You should also get a good stand to hold it . It is very lightweight , and the cord is actually heavier than the iron . If not in a good stand , the cord can pull it off your bench quite easily.I am pleased to discover they are still around and am ordering a new one for work . If you solder in small spaces , use small components or connectors , you will not go wrong with this iron .
 Do n't be stupid ... Read the copy . You will need a tip -LRB- or tips , and maybe a stand -RRB- If you can get past that little test you 're home . Uses half the power to reach the same temp because the heating element slides into the tip , rather than the other way around . Much less waste heat , fewer burned boards , wires , components , fingers ... Heats to temp VERY fast . small wattage makes small size , cooler handle , less fatigue . Excellent assortment of tips . I have had mine 12 years and I work it like a rented mule , by contrast a 30W Weller last me about a year . Awesome for tight work like TTY patch bays and high count multi-pin connectors . Keep your tips clean and this iron makes it easy .
 ... it does n't come with everything pictured . You 'll need at least one tip for the iron itself -LRB- as the previous reviewer mentioned , they slide on and off -RRB- and a stand and sponge . Both are easily found on the site.That aside , it 's a very fast and useful iron and very good for beginners .
 The only iron I want to own is Antex . I have half a dozen irons of many types but this is the iron I use . Super light and radically fast to heat .
 Ordered this to replace my smaller 12 Watt unit , as always a quality product from Antex ! 6 more Watts really did the trick , but turning it off when not in use now is more important , the tips deteriorate sooner . Very happy with tool , changing tips is super quick and easy -LRB- can change while hot with a pliers -RRB- only seconds to warm up a different tip . Definately recommend this tool , the best soldering iron I 've ever used !
 I have to confess that I did n't get mine from Amazon , but I will -- eventually -- get my spare tips here.I say `` eventually '' because I 've had and used my ANTEX `` G '' for 30 + years.If you do any kind of fine electrical work , this is THE mini-iron to have . -LRB- At the time I got mine , I believe the USAF was using the same model . -RRB- This is a SMALL , LIGHT soldering `` needle . `` At only 18W it heats quickly , and cools quickly . Of course , do NOT expect to be brazing or soldering # 4 lugs on with this.The tips do n't thread on , they slide on , so there 's nothing to goof up , gall , strip , or wreck . I use mine a fair amount on projects and repairs -- and I STILL have the original 3/64 '' and 7/64 '' tips . They just require care.The wires are easy to replace -LRB- at least on my older one -RRB- , and the only caution is to keep some slack inside the grip and keep the strain relief snug.To those who seem disappointed that this product did NOT come with tips , consider that there are many different sizes and shapes for different purposes -- had they enclosed one of each , this would cost twice as much.So -- after over 30 years , I 'd say this rates 5 Stars .
 all irons need tips . No tip is pictured . I have owned antex 's for 30 years . They will work for you.you should get a 3/32 chisel tip . I lost my stand years ago -LRB- which resulted in me burning up the cord on more than one occasion.This is the one you want .
 These occupy a prominent place on my pegboard - a very good value in flush cutters . Sure , they 're not ESD-safe Wihas or NWS ones , but when doing wiring work these are the ones I go for . They seem to hold up a lot better than a cheaper pair of Xcelites I had previously .
 these are great , i still use em for tie wraps after 4 years . i take care of my tools , they are still sharp . only last week the handles plastic cover started cracking because i have been using brake kleen on them . indispensable . still made in usa ! even blu3-point rebrands these as their own .
 I use this all the time for striping multi conductor wire great handy tool to have in every electricians tool box . My co-worker uses it for his finger nails ... It is gross I made sure I got my own so I do n't have to use his .
 I like these a lot better than the Xcelite 's . Very good cutting edge . Great for cutting wire ties and not leaving sharp plastic edges behind .
 These cut the spurs off lead and leaves a clean cut . Worth the money any day , ordered 2 pair of them and wish I had ordered 5 pair .
 This is a great precision product and leaves whatever material ultra flush . The only reason it lost a five star rating was for the slight play in the hinge . Very slight .
 Get in close just like they should , nice and sharp , trims Ethernet in a straight line like it should . The fact they DO N'T have an ESD logo actually makes them safer to use in my work environment . - That takes explaining I 'm not prepared to do in this format .
 Excellent tool . It is really usefull specially for cutting those tie raps ends that might scratch your hands . Just be carefull because if you use it to cut anything heavy it will snap of .
 I think a flush cutter should have a flat , smooth and fairly thin -LRB- not bulky -RRB- cutting surface . While building up a little shop after years away from the hobby I picked up a Radio Shack flush cutter . It did n't have a good feel to it so I decided to give this a try . I 've never owned Klein tools though I kind of remember using them in the Navy -LRB- not too sure -RRB- . I have heard good things about them.Comparing function and feel of the Klien compared with the Radio Shack tool the difference is significant . The Klien feels like a precision tool where the RS is clunky . The cutting surface that faces the board is flat and the blades match up nicely . The blades are thin and sharp on the Klein where they appear more blunt and thicker on the RS.The RS cutters were about $ 3.00 less than the Klein but $ 3.00 more is n't too much to pay for a good quality tool.By the way ... RS seems to be getting back to their roots a little carrying some nice basic electronics stuff including Parallax and Arduino comonents . This is wonderful news ! When I need a 555 timer or a 741 op amp or just some odd ball component it is nice to know Radio Shack is right around the corner . However ... I 'll probably avoid buying tools from RS .
 Another good item to have when working with electronic projects . Nice and sharp . Nice close cut ! I have to order these pliers off the internet because you ca n't find them at Lowe 's or Home Depot and all the good electronic stores have closed down or are just to far to drive to -LRB- Fry 's Electronics -RRB- about 10 miles away . Cheaper to just order on line .
 They work great when you use them for what they are meant for . Shipped fast . Mine were slighty off at cutting end but not enough to effect their use . They were great until I accidently tried to cut a soft price of metal . Ruining the blades in the process . But if you use them on wires like they should be they are great . Four stars because one of the handles became loose and slides off from time to time . Otherwise great !
 I thought the product worked very well . It was really helpful in buttoning up short sections of fence where there was n't a good anchor for a come-along . It ca n't fully replace a streching bar and come-along but it was very handy to have . The way the slots are angled , it keeps the tension bar from twisting when you pull the fence tight . It worked very well .
 I used this product to wire up a dog kennel . The post were set in concrete and the longest section of wire that I pulled tight was 10ft . It worked great and made it easy to pull the sections tight while I clamped the fence to the post . It hooks onto the tension bar and keeps it straight when pulled . The amount of slack that this device will pull is limited and I do not think that it will work for pulling long runs of chain link fence . It work great for my short pull application on the kennel .
 I was glad that I read the other reviews , which convinced me to purchase the kit -LRB- includes extension and case -RRB- , instead of merely the tool . At first glance , it seems that the legs of the tool are long enough to give you accurate readings on any wall . HOWEVER , calling the `` extension piece '' an extension is completely misleading . The extension is really a piece that slides over one of the legs allowing you to slide it past the `` pivoting joint '' of the tool , which means that you now have a SHORT side . This allows you to measure short wall transitions as well as stair angles , etc. . Trust me , it is absolutely necessary , and yes it should be included in the basic model even if they wish to increase the price to compensate for its additional cost . One other thing , in a number of reviews the reviewers lament that they wish there was a locking device on the pivoting joint so that the angle could be maintained when transferring the angle from the wall to the miter saw . After reading the reviews , I also thought that this should have been an easy fix . However , I found that this locking device would have been completely unnecessary . At least for my tool , you would have to be a gorilla to inadvertantly move the legs while setting up the miter saw as it is extremely tight . Also , since you know the angle after taking the measurement , on the few occassions where this may happen , it is no big deal to simply move the legs a bit to get back to the recorded angle . Overall , I am extremely pleased with this tool and have used it as part of my equipment setups with fantastic results . As an engineer I am a bit pedantic when it comes to setting up equipment accurately because I know that settling for less than the best can cost you in the end product . I realize that this review is supposed to be only about the Bosch DWM40LK , but word of advice to those interested in setting up your equipment accurately . If you combine this tool with the Wixey Digital Angle tool or a like measuring device , you will think you died and went to heaven as your equipment will be so accurate , resulting in phenomenally accurate end products .
 I purchased this kit about a year ago and since then , I have found many uses for it . Of course , the ideal use is to use the digital protractor for installing crown molding , but it comes in handy any time you need to measure accurately an angle . Recently , I used it extensively putting up baseboard and trimming out my basement windows . I also use it to set up my saws , but it is a little big for some jobs . I recommend highly getting the kit instead of just the protractor itself
 I have owned this kit for a couple years . The best test I gave it was not for finish carpentry , but to erect an eight feet high , 40 feet long board-on-board fence , sloping about two feet from the rear to the front of the property . This tool allowed me to quickly and accurately calculate the miter cuts for the four 2 '' X 4 '' stringers between the 4 '' X 4 '' posts set at nearly eight foot intervals . A couple posts had also acquired slight twists and the `` Miter Finder '' gave me quick and accurate numbers for miter and bevel cuts on those stringers . Also , it helped figure the cuts on the cedar slats and the upper lattice panels . The project gently walks down the slope and the twisted posts are not noticeable.I 'm glad I made the purchase of this complete kit . The case is adequate and contains the protractor , extension leg and instruction pamphlet all in one place . Of course I do n't throw this tool around at all since I think the only `` tools '' for throwing are things like baseballs or softballs .
 I am a finish carpenter specializing in high end homes . I am presently trimming out a 3M $ home that is loaded with odd angles -RSB- . This tool makes the job a snap . It saves time and materials with virtually no return trips to the mitre saw to take of a degree or two.The only thing negative I found was that it bit me twice . For me , the easiest way to set the spring angle is to hold the unit against the forarm and gradually open it up to the spring angle . If you do this , the hinge will take a pretty good bite out of your skin . -LRB- I 'm finding other ways to do this -RRB- ... IF you do large crown , you will love this thing . And it 's well made .
 I am completely satisfied with my protractor and use it on all miter cuts that I make . I also use it to square my blades on all my cutting equipment . I found it to be a little pricey , But I would not want to go without it as I have become very comfortable with the reliability that I get from it 's use .
 I purchased this to replace my Starrett -LRB- manual type -RRB- Pro series angle finder while it is being recalibrated . I am a finish carpenter and have my hands on this almost every day . So far it is great , very accurate , and a nice big read out . The size of this tool is nice for people installing trim ... -LRB- i.e. , big enough to get a good reading on a outside corner -RRB- . One really nice feature is the hold button which lets you hold the angle read out on the screen , just in case the tool moves as you remove it from the wall . If this thing stays accurate and does not need recalibration in 6 months I 'll be thrilled .
 this is one fantastic tool , i have been doing trim for 28 years and just in the past 6 have started using a compound sliding miter saw . when properly using this tool and a compound miter saw - there is absolutely no guess work and perfect crown joints , i have also used this for commercial cabinetry lay outs . this tool was a birthday present that will be enjoyed and valued for many years to come.sincerely , tom matthews-pres . equinox construction
 I bought the Bosch DWM40LK because I was installing a lot of crown molding . I used it for the crown and also when I built a bar.It is a precision protractor and is well made . The extension leg comes in handy for the long sides needing measurement .
 Product works well , shortens time needed for crown installation , and even I could figure it out by reading the instructions .
 For years I have used mechanical protractors for determining inside and outside angles . I do n't ever make a miter cut on molding until I know the precise angle of the corner being covered . If you have an outside corner of 93 degrees and you cut your molding at 45 , well ... get out the wood putty or caulk . Nothing is a better measure of a craftsman 's workmanship than perfect miter joints.And then along came this miter finder - basically just a digital protractor . But , WOW , so easy to read and use.My only drawback -LRB- as with any IC tool -RRB- is whether the factory will provide support when the circuits go out on you.At this price , I do n't want a tool that is disposable . My experience with Bosch is that even though they make some of the best tools , their after sale support is not the best . Let 's just hope that this thing lasts for a long time .
 Very well made and convenient to use . It 's just what I 'd expect from Bosch . Bought it to do crown moulding , but it can also be used to set up saws and anything else that requires precise angle measurements .
 If you work with angles and you do n't have this tool , you are losing time and money . Plain and simple . Just buy the freaking thing !
 I bought this tool because of a remodel job on my house . I am not disappointed . I have been using use it to transfer angles from roof peaks onto my miter saw . I have not used the crown-molding option yet . I wish this tool could automatically divide an angle when measuring an angle . Dividing by two is not a big deal but it would speed things up a bit . This is one well-made tool . A lot heavier duty than I expected . The more I use it the more I appreciate it .
 I have been looking for a tool like this for a while and when I saw it I had to have it . The first thing I did was to prove that my dining room is not square . Crown molding is a challenge when everything is square ; when it is not it gets expensive to get it right . It will come in very handy for me and for some of my neighbors when I show it off .
 This is a well made instrument by Bosch that does exactly what is was designed to do . It seems to be extremely accurate . I like the fact that it has a built-in calculator that makes finding miters much easier . Now that I have it I am finding all kinds of uses for it . I 've used it to check the angles and levels on my miter saw , table saw , and belt sander .
 i used it its nice and its very handy got in on time
 A fantastic tool for crown molding , it makes outside corners a breeze . I use it mostly for installing baseboard and trim molding . I also use it to keep my compound miter and table saws honest . It has n't replace my speed square or sliding bevel ; makes a very nice addition to my top hand tools . The carrying case is nice and helps keep the tool out of harms way .
 I 'm a novice building a big sailboat and have found this tool invaluable for taking compound angles off a structure that has few straight lines in it . Climb into the hull with a list of the pieces needed ; take the angles correct to 1/10 degree off , and write them next to each item ; get down and run them off on the SCMS . THEY 'LL FIT ! For inside measurement the Lee Valley gadget that holds two 1/4 `` x3/4 '' battens to exact length is a perfect companion . And the numbers on the list do n't change if you bang it against a bulkhead like a bevel gauge will .
 I have not used the Miter Finder for its intended purpose yet which is completing the crown molding in a few rooms in my basement . I have however used it to hang a railing , replacing rotten wood on my roof , and building shelves under the stairs . It works great and makes anything with angles much easier to do.Update October 2009I finally used this product to install crown molding and it worked like a champ . I was installing both an apron board and a crown in a dining room with an octagon tray ceiling so there were 16 pieces to the project . I took all the measurements and then just made the cuts on my Bosch Miter saw . The only real challenge is to be accurate down to the degree on the saw .
 I bought this item because by husband & I own a cabinet & custom counter top business . When we go to our customer 's houses to measure for their new counter tops it is important to know the angle of the corners in case it is not a true 45 degree angle so when the tops are built the mitered corners will work . So far it has proven to be very accurate & it was so easy to use right from the start - a very user friendly tool ! I recommend this for anyone who feels they have a need for knowing degrees of angles - it will save time . It also seems to be very well built . I would gladly recommend to this to anyone .
 Works very well . No guesses on the angle . Simple and easy to read . Digital meter is straight up with no fluctuations in the reading .
 The BOSCH miter finder is the best for crown installation . We all know that a house is not perfectly square in every corner . This product takes the guess work out of adjusting crown cuts . Use it right and you only need to cut your crown once . Would n't use anything else .
 I love the accuracy of the angle finder . For non 90 degree corners , it allows me to choose between coping the trim on an inside corner or offsetting my miter saw from 0 degrees . For outside corners this angle finder makes the world of difference .
 As a DIY homeowner , I had no experience in cutting crown molding yet every room of the house was getting it . This device makes it very easy to transfer the corner-by-corner results to the compound miter saw settings . It would be hard to make a major mistake . Though I am not finished with this ongoing project , at least my trim work is looking better than it would have . It also helps to like gadgets -LRB- tools when describing them to the significant other -RRB- . I personally find this is an easy one to use . You can find circumstances where the size is a problem yet most can be worked around . I have no idea if the trades people ever use/need these but if not they work great for the DIY homeowner .
 I works great . Do n't know what else to say to make this review 18 more words . It works great . yeah .
 This is a supurb instrument . I use it all the time for my crown molding . Since , walls seldom have perfect 90 degree angles , the machine will measure the angle of the wall then give you the angle of the bevel and miter to make perfect cuts on your miter saw . Miters come out perfect every time . My only criticism is , you have to re-enter the spring angle of your crown molding every time . When you put up crown molding the spirng angle is angle the crown molding attaches to the wall . It is usually 52 or 45 degrees . It would be nice if the miter finder had a memory button which could retain the spring angle instead of re-entering it every measurement .
 This chisel is used to remove mortar from mortar joints prior to re-pointing them . It 's a well made chisel with an angled blade and a groove that keeps it from getting stopped up with debris . It does a good job , and has a nice guard that keeps you from clobbering your fingers with a big hammer -LRB- or a little hammer , depending on what you 're using . I personally find a big hammer to be most effective with this chisel . -RRB-
 My inlaws own a fence company at which I work on occasion . Recently a few of the full timers bought fence pliers from a local fence supplier . I went with a recommendation from a relative and I am glad I listened . These pliers are way better than any of the pliers stocked at the local fence suppliers . The curved handles basically insure that you do n't squeeze your own hand while you are using them . The price with shipping was still cheaper than the junk that is being sold around here .
 This is the best knife that I have tried . I have purchased several ones similar but none is as good as this one .
 Title says it all , this is a perfectly weighted , highly functional -LRB- storage handle , etc -RRB- , sexy little utility knife . I had started with a `` Husky '' model and was very disappointed , Bessey 's was slightly more expensive , but after owning both for over 3 months now , I have to say Bessey is by far the best . This knife also has a cool blade set combo package available , if I knew the quality of the knife before ordering the knife by itself , I would have been smart and gotten the cool blade set combo to save money and get the cool black canvas carrying case . Highly recommend this utility knife , I even bring it deer hunting with me as my hunting knife ... blades cant stay dull when you 've got 5 more in the handle ; -RRB-
 all pros mostly , BTW BESSY AND SHEFFIELD ARE THE SAME FOLDING KNIFES IN THIS CASE !!! ... i bought both thease knifes off amazon to be sure ... they are exctaly the same!only diff is the blades , one says bessy one says sheffield . . other wise there exctaly the same , so which ever one is on sale get it !!! because there the same . . now I own 2 of them . . one for work . . one for home I suppose . . only con i can think of is this . . I WISH IT WAS ALL BLACK ! I DONT LIKE HAVING TO CHOOSE BETWEEN BLUE OR RED , this is a big thing for me , because , I dont perfer blue or black ... i dont like either color ... im not picky i just want a black one period!there needs to be 3 colors ... make it happen thanks lolplease note this pkg dosent have a sheath as well ...
 This is the best utility knife I have owned yet . And I have owned a lot of them in my work . It is well built a locks and unlocks great . I prefer the blade storage over the wood handle . I would not hesitate buying another . AAA + + +
 This Product has superb Machining the blades are always kept very tight and the surface of the handle is unlike any other knife . The Storage for the blades is genius ...
 Overall design of the product is sound . The blades that come with it are sharp and good quality . The handle seems like it 's going to hold up long term . However , there have been two instances where the switch that opens the blade storage in the handle has been activated in my pocket . The blades did not fall out , they also appear held by a magnet , but it was a bit disconcerting to know it was a close call . I 've taken to keeping this in a belt pouch since , which also better distributes the heft .
 This is my first Bessey folding utility knife.Rigid design . Blade is well fixed . Very convenient handle . Very useful storage with additional 5 blades.I like it .
 I use this at work to cut jungle wrap works great have 2 an friends coworkers want one i let them use mine an they want one of there own
 I had a Husky branded version of this knife for 7-8 years . I searched for weeks for a Husky replacement but could n't locate one with the blade storage and the `` thumb saver '' on the top . Was delighted to find a suitable replacement in this product .
 This utility knife really works as stated in the description.Also as many other reviewers has mentioned , the grip on this knife is really comfortable and makes a reallyGood addition to any toolbox out there.The convenient 5 blade storage compartment on the side is a great feature not found in many other utility knivesI 'm very happy and satisfied with my purchase and I hope others will make a decision like myself based on theReview of honest typical home users such as myself.Would recommend this item , and even though the price seems a bit high , trust me it 's worth not having to goAnd look for a penny or a flat screwdriver to change the blades.Seriously I 'm very happy with it and will get more if needed.Thank you for reading .
 First off , let me say that Amazon Prime shipping has only got better and faster over the years . Thanks Amazon ! This is a great utility knife . It replaced an old Stanley that I had used for for over 30 years and the difference is night and day . First of all is the ease of changing blades , no more screw driver and trying to line up the blade . I like the way it folds up and is easy to carry . It has a space to carry extra blades and it feels good in the hand . I just like it ! Yes , I will recommend it .
 I work in a large format print shop and have one of these in my hands for several hours a day cutting through all kinds of different substrates and materials . This knife if extremely durable and well built . I 've owned several big name brand knives that were similar , but this one seems to be the best ! Great product !
 This knife is great !! My husband uses it for all types of projects and at work in the construction field . This is his new favorite knife !!
 This knife is really sharp and the blade stays in place , unlike my previous knife . It also has a great grip . The only thing I do n't like is the plastic tip protector . It only goes on one way and you have to be very careful putting in on .
 This knife was OOS when I bought it and I coudl n't wait to receive it because it looked so nice and durable . This is way better then the POS sheffield I was using prior to this . This thing is heavy duty and storage of extra blades is a BONUS ! If you put your blades through abuse then this knife should be good for you as it is VERY VERY solid and durable .
 I bought this as a gift for my dad and husband and they love it . The storage compartment is extremely handy . I have no doubt that the knife itself is high quality . The `` rubberized '' feel of the knife make it where it does n't slip as much when you are doing those tough jobs . The quick change feature also seems pretty handy.This knife is a little bulky since it has the storage compartment . It probably is n't something that the average guy would carry around in his pocket on a daily basis . If you are looking for that , check out theBessey DBWH Quick-Change Folding Utility Knife - Wood Grain Handle . It is more compact -LRB- which means it does n't have the extra blade storage compartment -RRB- and is a little nicer looking . It is a little heavier -LRB- 1 1/8 oz heavier -RRB- , but I actually prefer it for my needs . I keep it in my purse and surprisingly use it quite frequently.If you are considering getting a new knife or a new utility knife , I would definitely consider this one . Good quality , love the storage compartment , and perfect just to have around .
 Great knife to have in a print shop . A little dangerous on its snap when closing the blade -LRB- I have since scrapped off the edging around the blade entrance 's finger zone in a warning pattern -RRB- . Also blades of different sizes can wobble inside the blade-lock area and a piece of tape on the blade will stop thate nicely enough.What I like most about this blade though is its grip . it does n't have that hard feel of pressed plastic or metal . It also has enough curves for a variety of grip positions.Way better than standard issue , break off blades . This changes faster.Watch your fingers ! NOT for beginners
 I am comparing this Bessey Utility knife against the Gerber EAB lite clip G-10 , and the Milwaukee Fastback Utility knives . This is how they stack up against each other.Category winner :1 . Size - Gerber EAB G-10 . It is very slim , tiny and doubles as a money clip . I actually use it as a money clip so I always have it .2 . Speed of opening - Milwaukee Fastback Utility knife . That opens just as fast as my Zero Tolerance assisted opening knife costing $ 230 . It snaps open and closed so quickly .3 . Features - Bessey Quick Change . It has a Spyderco like Clip , 5 blades discreetly kept in the grip and best of all , a thumb rest on the Blade holder for positive traction when cutting .4 . Looks - Bessey Quick change . It actually looks like an EDC knife like a Kershaw or Spyderco .5 . Quality - Bessey Quick Change . All 3 are excellent , but the Bessey just looks and feels like someone really made an effort not just to make it functional , but also to make it look expensive.Summary : All 3 Utility knives are very good , but the Bessey just is a little better all around . I use this in the house . I carry the Gerber and sometimes the Milwaukee as well as EDC . I have an extensive collection of High end folding knives from Zero Tolerance , Benchmade , Spyderco , Microtech , other less expensive Made in USA folding knives . But , I carry these utility knives because they are more precise and safer to use for everyday cutting . I use the Lenox GOLD , Titanium coated blades . They are tremendously sharp , and will slice through anything and ask for more.My suggestion is not to use your expensive knives to cut boxes . Use this Bessey and just change the blade once it gets dull . I keep my knife collection nice and in mint condition .
 This is a REALLY great utility knife . This is definetly the best design . Secure lockback locking blade , really nice thumb rest for comfort and extra pressure with precision , the blade storage is perfect , no more hunting for blades , and very easy replacement . A very comfortable handle with excellent grip , this is not a hard plastic feel , and there is a great high quality metal clip on the back for a belt , bag or whatever.Around the house for cardboard I 'll probably stick to a slimmer folding model , but this is the real deal for heavy duty work and convience with the blade storage .
 This is a great knife . It is very sturdy and the blade storage in the handle is great . Although it is a bit heftier than other utility knives I had , so I 'm a bit resistant to wear it around campus . Otherwise , great little tool .
 I have several of this style of blade lying around the house and in my car and truck . It seems like I reach for one at least once a day . This Bessey is a very high quality knife , well constructed , and I like the ease of a flip-open compartment that conveniently allows you to quickly swap out blades.I do n't have the wood-grain version which I think is more esthetically pleasing . But , the functionality of having an on-board compartment for spare blades is pretty nice . The ultimate knife for me would be to make this version in a wood-grain model which could be a challenge for the manufacturer.Nevertheless , a 5-star product that will last a long time .
 I just got my Bessey knife today and what a great first impression . It feels solid , yet has a comfy grip and some sharp blades . It actually comes with 6 blades
 This product gives a home a fresh feel . I intend to purchase more to complete my project
 This lamp is just beautiful . I bout 2 of them for behind my sofa and they make the room even more gorgeous . The quality is very good . The only problem I have is with the lamp shades not staying straight/even but it 's not that big of a deal
 I had previously purchased another lamp in this line and loved it . When I found a variety by the same manufacturer on Amazon , I was eager to select one . It was difficult to choose one of these antique reproductions . The thing that tipped the balance in favor of this particular lamp is it 's height . It is a very tall table lamp . It 's just the perfect thing in my living room with the high vaulted ceiling and oversized leather couches , though.As to the quality , these and others I 've purchased and seen from this line appear to be well constructed . They are easy to assemble . It 's the look I love best of all , though . Some styles have lamp shades with ornate embroidery . This one does not which is probably why its so much cheaper . I almost did n't choose it because I was afraid the lower price indicated lower quality . I 'm so glad I did , however . It 's just perfect in every way . Not too plain or fancy , but tall and stately . It dds a special touch to the room .
 Good product for the price . Not overly happy about how the end of the hose attaches to the spline nipple of the brass fitting as it seems to only be a friction fit which is not as secure as I had hoped . I have had to cut back and refit the hose the brass fitting twice now . This may be normal and expected . As this is the first time I have used this type of hose , I do n't have any previous experience to compare it too . Worth the price .
 It took me a minute to realize that you get ten nightlights here for about $ 17 total - so $ 1.70 each . Not bad and you 'd be surprised how quickly you can find a place for them .
 I have had neon night lights around the house for 30 years and they were great . just enough light to see by but they were begining to flicker out . I thought they were n't availible any more but found these on Amazon . The price was good for a package of 5 but I was pleased to find it was a package of 5 two packs ! perfect !
 I received 5 packets of 2 for a total of 10 guide lights . With shipping that came out be be about $ 1.70 each . A great deal.For those ordering , remember that these are guide lights not night lights . These are not bright enough to illuminate your path . That is not what they are designed for . they are simply a fixed point in your hallway not a lighted hallway.I use them for pilot lights . I have a switch controlling a plug . If the light is on the plug is one .
 If you hit your hand using this chisel , you must be either -LRB- 1 -RRB- very careless , -LRB- 2 -RRB- extremely clumsy or -LRB- 3 -RRB- have very large hands ! This made-in-Britain product is well worth the cost .
 After drying the individual coats of paint , this spray will bring out the true colors of your painting before going onto the next coat of paint .
 Used to seal and protect my oil paintings . Recommended by several sites . Easy to use . I will use this for all paintings .
 My boyfriend and I just bought our first place and are doing a lot more projects around the house . These little Stanley Long-Nose pliers should be in everyone 's tool box . We are constantly finding different and helpful uses for them . We are finding that Stanley products are of awesome quality !!!! Definately recommend this product .
 This is a mid-sized long nose pliers . It is well designed and priced well too .
 It works well or better than trying a cut a peice of square tubing straight with a angle grinder . I bought this machine because I am a hobby metal worker . I used it to so far to cut up to 5/8 '' bar at an angle and 3/4 '' bar at 90 degrees and the heaviest tubing I have cut with it would be 1.5 `` X3 .0 '' with 3/16 '' wall . For the retanglar tubing , it would start out a bit slow because of the flat top surface , but once you get it down in the thinner cross section , it will really start cutting.The only thing that I would complain about is the slow starts and some blade deflection because when you start , you have to push down pretty hard to get the cut started pushing the blade off a bit . There was some blade deflection on the 45 degree angle I cut on the 5/8 '' rod , but when I welded the part together , I just adjusted it to compensate.I payed -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks for this chop saw . I know it is a Dewalt , so it should last and Amazon had the best price on this machine that I could find . 200 dollars . Most other places wanted between 215 to 225 for the same product , plus I had to pay for shipping from the other suppliers.I have yet to trip the breaker while using it either . When using the Milwaukee that was in my high school welding class last year , it had a tendency to trip the breaker , especially when it was being used hard.Over all I would buy this machine , weather your a hobbiest or a welder / fabricator . This could have a place in your operation . I chose this over JET 's small bandsaw , which was about $ 400 . Plus the bandsaw took up some floor space , which is at a premium in my garage , while this chop saw I just set on the shelf in the corner .
 This is an outstanding heavy duty chop saw . I use it daily and appreciate all its features , like the quick change keyless blade change system , and the tool-free adjustable fence . The quick-lock vice improves my productivity by allowing me to fast clamp stock . The lock-down pin allows me to fold down the blade casing and easily move the saw around the shop . This tool works all day without overheating . It is truly a heavy duty metal saw .
 The product is everything I expected from a quality brand name . Powerful enough to cut thicker steel without blade speed being pulled down . Blade change is easy also . Would recommend .
 We used a Makita metal chop-saw for a quite while -LRB- having more or less stolen it from our neighbor -RRB- before buying this DeWalt -LRB- and returning his Makita at last -RRB- . The DeWalt is every bit the tool as the Makita , and it cuts through 2-inch steel tube easily . A ton of heat is generated cutting steel , and neither of the chop saws really blast through the bigger tubes , but both cut it smoothly , safely and relatively quickly.For the tube sizes we cut , the angle-cut support on the DeWalt is not very useful ; it helps on smaller angle iron and the like , but for big tubes we do not find it helpful . The DeWalt blades are long lasting -LRB- although we do not cut anything other than mild steel and some aluminum -RRB- . The blade change system on the DeWalt is even easier than the Makita , and takes less than a minute to swap out a blade.Get great eye protection and work in a fire-safe area
 I bought this after I burned out the harbor freight metal cut off saw after 4 years of intermittent use . I do blacksmithing and work with solid stock . This saw can cut 1 in square solid stock repeatedly without tripping the 20 amp breaker . I even cut a 2 in x 3 in solid steel block ; took 2 hours , turning the block after cutting down each inch and letting the saw cool off every 15 min . It adjusts rapidly , stores well and is very portable .
 Could n't wait to get this saw and try it out . I have never ordered a tool from the net but the price amazon had on this saw and the Dewalt name I thought what the heck , right out of the box it was ready to use , I was building some corners for a new section of fence and this saw cut right through the 4 and half inch pipe I was using like butter , cut the smaller 3 inch pipe just as easy even though it was a thicker wall pipe . The blade is really easy to change and the quick lock down really saves time . Overall I am very satisfied with amazon and the Dewalt saw .
 I bought this from Amazon with help from a gift card I had received . The price was very comparable to Home Depot . The first and only chop saw I had owned was a tool sale special . It lasted about 8 years . Great value for the money . Not that easy to work with.I took this out of the box and cut some 1 1/2 '' square tubing . I changed between the 90 degree and 45 degree cuts with ease . Much better than the standard saw I had used before . Each swap was quick and easy . Usually I would try to cut each angle separately and then change to the other to finish all cuts . This was so fast and easy to change back and forth that I cut each piece as needed.I am a home hobbyist and wanted a durable chop saw that was going to last . I feel very confident in purchasing this saw . One of the good features of the quick change back stop is being able to move it forwards and backwards on the table with ease . This is especially useful when your blade gets smaller . Some of those cuts I could n't make with a smaller blade , I think I can now . The blade that comes with the saw is great . Fast cuts and high quality.Due to a mistake on my part , I ruined the first blade . I did n't have my metal secured and it slipped and ruined the blade . Nothing to do with the saw , just me being stupid . Changing the blade was fast and simple . No tools required . Unscrew the knob and change the blade . The knob clicks when it is tight enough going on.Overall I would highly recommend this saw . I was going to buy it at Home Depot , but a friend gave me a gift card to Amazon and I used it with some money to buy the saw . Great purchase , quick delivery and it was free shipping . Actually cost me less than at Home Depot .
 Works great . I just bought my second one for a spare . Blade changes quick & easy with no tools . YESSSS There are 4 rubber foot covers on each bottom corner that wear easy & come off but NBD . I never use the adjustable guides so I just store them in my shed . I customized mine by cutting off parts of the guard so less sparks wo n't hit my lip & face , so not the sparks fly about 20 feet straight ahead . hmmmm watch for gas cans laying around . Overall this is a very good buy .
 Bought this from TSC for $ 199 which is a little higher than I could 've bought it online but needed it ASAP so paid a little more for it locally . Working on converting a lathe over to CNC and I needed to cut some ballscrews down to length . To make a long story short , a ballscrew is case hardened and a bandsaw blade just bounces off the surface ! Ca n't use a cutting torch for fear of annealing or hardening it so a chopsaw was my only other choice.It took a little time and patience , but the DeWalt Chop Saw cut through the ballscrew which was a relief so I 'm very pleased with it . Seeing how a ballscrew is probably 100x harder than what most people will ever cut , I ca n't see why anyone would be disappointed with this tool ! Yes , the blade does deflect a little if you do n't get the cut started straight which is similar to a bandsaw blade . This should n't pose much of a problem for those with experience!If this tool is like my other DeWalt tools , should last a long time without any problems : o -RRB-
 I used this saw to cut angle iron -LRB- about '' x '' -RRB- to build a support frame . Like others have said , the blade does have deflection , so be aware of that . The saw did do the job , other than on my first cut , I was only cutting about '' off the end of the angle iron and due that the blade started deflecting , the blade itself cut into it 's own guide . No big deal here . My only complaint is that it only offers 1 way angle cuts - meaning that you can only go 0 - 45 on one side , which is useless when you are cutting 90 angle iron . I ended up using my band saw for those cut . If they improve on offering 45 cuts in both directions I would have given this review 5 starts .
 I was strapped for time when I bought this and was glad to see it completely assembled . I cut a lot of square tubing the first day of use and had no problems at all . Accuracy of cut was more than adequate for my non-precision project and the saw is sturdy so I 'm guessing it could produce precision cuts when necessary . It comes with a good quality cut off blade . I 'm pleased with this tool .
 Works wonderful . Amazon 's price was better than my local tool store . Cuts thick oilfield pipe with ease and definitely a nice , neat slice . Much more professional than using a torch and spending a long time grinding the area .
 Portable . Dewalt Quality . Cuts metal smoothly . Has a vice to hold your work in place and locks down for moving it easily , also has a handle to carry with . Great saw . No key to lose if you need to change your blade . Cant say enough about this saw !!
 I almost got a cheap version of this saw at Harbor Freight . But then I compared the specs and saw that the Dewalt has a workhorse of a motor . I 've cut 8 pieces of solid 1/2 &#34; square stock at once with this saw and it did n't stop . Bogged down a bit , but got through it , sparks flying.Work it hard like that , though , and you will pop some circuits in the panel box . I popped a 15 amp circuit quite a few times . Even popped the 20 amp going thru all that bar stock at once . My mig welder does n't even pop the 20 amp circuits . Just something to watch out for , and , really , a credit to the power of the Dewalt saw .
 My son requested this item and is very pleased with it ! Thanks again ! Dewalt has provided some good productsin our family .
 How can you go wrong with dewalt ? I have had it for over a year and it works great ! Thanks dewalt
 I bought this to cut some iron balusters -LRB- solid 9/16 -RRB- - the saw cut through them without a problem . Had 79 to cut , and it took 2 blades .
 I am happy with this saw and it has limitations . The limitations are due to the fact that this is an abrasion saw , not a `` cold cutting '' toothed steel miter saw or a horizontal steel cutting band saw . I have used this saw to cross cut 1-1/4 inch 11 gauge mild steel square tubing without a problem . I use a carpenter 's triangle to set the fence to a true 90 degrees . I mark the length with a scratch awl and then cut a pilot cut on the corner of the tubing using an air powered cutoff saw . I then clamp the tubing using the fence clamp and an additional `` downward '' clamp such that the abrasion blade will enter the pilot cut.Now repeatable _ length _ 45 degree miter cuts are a different beast due to blade deflection and the lack of a solid length stop on a portable saw . You could ask a shop teacher about technique that will enable you to cut two pieces of 45 degree mitered 1-1/4 inch square tubing , corresponding to opposite sides of a mitered rectangle , the same length using this saw.So this is an abrasion saw . It throws sparks like an Olympic champ . It is loud . It will wake your neighbors . You need a cap , leather gloves , hearing and eye protection . I mean a lot of eye protection . It cuts hot . You will need to grind the edges of the cut pieces.Blades are much cheaper than `` cold cutting '' saw blades . This saw is much cheaper that a horizontal steel cutting band saw . No problem as long as you understand what this tool is and how it compares to other methods of cutting square tubing , steel strap or angle iron.Also consider hanging a welder 's blanket to catch sparks and buying a 4-1/2 inch electric grinder with a flap disc to grind edges and welds .
 I have have owned 3 chop saws and this is the best.It cuts 2 inch square tubing like butter.I can cut high grade steel as long as I do n't force it.I have had it for at least six months without a problem use it frequently for building feeders and stands .
 I purchased this chopsaw almost a year ago and I love it . Makes cutting steel around the house alot easier . The only issue I had was the quick lock vise had a defect from the factory and they warrantied the entire vise assembly .
 Plenty of power to do anything you need done . Great saw ! I suggest you buy if you need one . Buy one now !
 This shipped quickly , was a competitive price and worked well -LRB- I think -RRB- , not much more to say so I wo n't say it . .
 Great saw ... good people to do business with , UPS always the best way to ship with and great price 's on there products that they selljoe hopp
 I know there is no negative feedbacks yet for this Dewalt chop saw ... . but you know how people are ... someone has to find SOMETHING to complain about ... . but let me tell you , this chop saw is worth more than what they are asking for it . I am SHCOKED at the heavy duty quality of this item . OH MY GOSH . I have used a couple chop saws , and I ALMOST bought a cheap one from the local knock off tool sale place ... . ALMOST DID ... . and SOO SOOO SOOO glad I did n't ! I will have this SUPER HIGH QULAITY tool the rest of my life , and my kids will have it , and they can pass it down to their kids , and probably has a life around 400 years of hard work.Wow . Im not joking . This chop saw has me excited to cut anythign I can think of . QUALITY . I wish I could rate it a 10 stars ... Super heavy duty metal , the parts work perfectly , powerful , attractive design , quick blade change , even though I havent come close to changing a blade ... WOW WOW WOW what else is there to say ... I am very happy I spent an extra 80 bucks and got one that will last me forever.Heavy duty base ... . overall just amazingly heavy duty and awesome ! WOW !
 This drain looks good and works without any problem with our new vessel sinks . You push it to close the drainage , and push it again to open it . It works like a charm . We can also unscrew it to clean hair residue .
 After bing told by my local plumbing supply store that I would not be able to find this part I turned to Amazon . I found it an it installed quickly .
 We have bought multiples of this item , as we were so impressed with the first one we purchased . Well-packaged , arrived quickly , is substantially put together , and easy to install . Great item , great seller .
 THis is a great and affordable counter part to Duravit pop up drain . It works great and looks beautiful . We shall see about its longevity but I have used it for more than 6 months and it is going strong .
 This thing looks great , not your average sink stopper . It 's big and bold . Looks great in my new vessel sinks .
 ordered on a saturday and recieved it on the following thursday , the order was complete with all of the pieces it needs to mount to a sink .
 These lamps are great . Stylish , sturdy and two brightness modes make this lamp a definite winner !
 This is the least expensive version of this lamp style . The only literature is a sheet with bulb replacement instructions and an order form for more lamps and more bulbs.This lamp worked straight out of the box and the head tends to tuck in . Tightening the screws at the neck seems to work - but for how long ? Amazon had a one day five dollar sale in silver which finally got me to buy a much needed desk lamp so I will be keeping this lamp . The design is very au courant so it may date you but in itself , it reminds me of a heron.Watch out for the glass shield for the halogen bulb in the styrofoam .
 Great item for thermostat wires and small cat type wires . Of course the blades are precision and an inspection revealed no discernible wire nicks ... better than using my fingernails .
 I needed stripper for fine wire -LRB- telephone jacks -RRB- and this is perfect for the job . Sharp and easy to use .
 When I first bought my 1932 vintage house two decades ago , the real estate agent told me that the original light switches - which by that point were long gone - had been `` push button '' switches , where there was an on button and an off button operating a hidden toggle . She recommended that I find replicas of those originals if I ever replaced a light switch.When a 1970s era dimmer switch in my dining room quit being flaky and instead gave up the ghost completely , I remembered that recommendation , and found this Classic Accents line of switches . I bought this dimmer switch , since my dining room has a single switch and I wanted a dimmer . The switch looks like the original switches - which were not dimmers - but the top button is spring loaded and controls both on and off , while the bottom `` button '' is actually a dimmer knob.This switch has been absolutely great . It 's always good to have the dimmer control separate from the on/off control so you can `` save '' a favored dimmer setting . The knurled knob on this switch is a perfect dimmer control , making it very easy to find the perfect light level . That 's much better than on some more conventional dimmer switches , where the dimmer is a tiny slider beside the switch that 's rather difficult to set . The push button controlling on and off has been fine.Classic Accents also makes a variety of cover plates for this switch . I used theClassic Accents Polished Brass Single Gang Toggle Switch Plate . Also , this dimmer switch can replace a regular switch - just keep in mind that dimmer switches are n't recommended for compact fluorescents or LED light bulbs . It was great for my incandescent dining room chandelier , though.For the do it yourself folks , the switch came with good instructions and was fairly easy to install into a standard single switch box . I only had to provide electrical tape and a pair of pliers . That saved me an electrician 's visit , which around here costs way more than even the nicest of light switches !
 The first one failed after 5 years due to my working on the circuit while it was live ! I * thought * the switch was off . I shorted the lamp end to ground and fried the switch . Sometimes experienced people do stupid things.I remodeled my 1912 craftsman bungalow to look the same as before . I added switches to make the lighting code compliant and more functional for 2012 people . All the switches I bought worked as advertised , people ca n't tell the new from the original push button switches .
 I have found only one issue with these snips , when cutting thicker pieces if you use 2 hands it will rip the rubber loops on the handle . Other than that they work well .
 It 's too early to tell , but it appears that the mosquito population has been greatly reduced since plugging in the machine last month . There are still some around our pool , but not to the extent that were present all day long , prior to the `` mosquito traps '' use .
 This product works as well as my old mosquito magnet did and does not use expensive propane.It is easy to clean and cheap to run and buy . It starts with a flick of a switch , no propane to light.I recommend it .
 This gadget really works and looks nice outside , we even leaved out during the storm and is still working like the first day . Keeps the mosquito inside the unit and it is easy to clean .
 the mosquitoes have been really this year . investigated several devices in past year but this year had to get serious . reviews of various products seemed erratic so decided on the koolatron and one month in seems to be effective . back yard is now usable evening and mornings . the skeeters do n't seem to swarm . like it and will buy another next year for front porch . only with it could be used in the open . i have on a back porch with no problems .
 I was looking for something that can take care of the annoying bugs around my yard . This Mosquito trap seems to do the trick . Suck them in and dries them out .
 beautiful in every way . grohe is a high high quality product.i got this for my sons new bathroom , his wife was so happy and wanted another one for the other bathroom . amazon only had one . so i had to buy another one on an XXX site for 3 times the price.you will not go wrong with this towel bar from grohe chiara neu 24 '' satin nickel . again beautiful in every way .
 I was using another silica gel product in my microwave-sized safe -LRB- little pellets contained in a mini tin box -RRB- that worked well , but needed to be recharged when the color turned pink by placing it in the oven at 300 degrees for 3 hours . Since it usually required this during the humid months of the summer , it was not only inconvenient but also a bit crazy to have to fire up the oven for three hours when the AC was already struggling to keep up with the heat outside . With these packets , I can now just throw them out and replace as needed . Yes , this will cost more in the long run but I do n't have to spend the time recharging in the oven or risk burning down the house because I forgot the oven was still was on . I knocked off a star because it is not very clear how to tell when to replace the packet - the indicator colors are ambiguous . How I tell it needs to be replaced is when the content inside the packet turns from soft to hard as a rock - seems to work well but most likely not the recommended indicator .
 This works very well in a closed space to absorb moisture from the air . I love the sachet packaging . Easy to tell when it 's time to replace . No mess , no hassle .
 This product works great for keeping moisture down . For my purposes the sachet packets work great and are preferred over the other DampRid products . My local store does n't carry this product so Amazon came through for once more !
 About all you need to say about this product is that it works ! it does exactly what it says it will ... Period .
 Lots of us have screwdriver bits for use in our cordless drivers . We get them in sets with philips , torx , square , straight and other ends . This magnetic T handle accepts standard bits and gives you added torque without the bulk or somewhat hard to control power of the cordless driver . It 's small and very handy and well made .
 I bought this a year + ago and have been very happy with its performance . It takes standard 1/4 inch bits and I find myself reaching for it regularly.Jake
 I really like this handle . You can really apply the torque . I find I use it quite a bit more than I expected for those hard to loosen fasteners .
 Good bit fit . Very sturdy . Good weight and balance . Good magnetism . Quality Item . I have a variety of screwdrivers and ratchets to use my whole bit collection . This one is good for more power than a screwdriver , when i do n't want to get out the drill .
 This is a top quality tool . There is n't much to say about it . It works very well in allowing high torque to be applied to a fastener and the handle is comfortable , the magnet is also very powerful . Made in Germany .
 The driver is a bit larger and heavier than expected . Made in Germany . Extremely solid construction and excellent finish . The grip is very ergonomic and allows application of a * lot * of torque . The bit-holding magnet is at least as strong as the ones in my Snap-On drivers . I 'm going to get another one for the toolkit in my car . Absolutely superb value for money .
 This tool is the way to deal with stubborn fasteners of any type . The bit holder magnet is strong and the quality of the tool is top notch . Comfortable T handle .
 It 's effective at what it 's supposed to do ; what else do you expect from the tool . Only one complaint - I would have liked a stronger magnet . This one holds them fine but sometimes in tight spaces , I want extra strength so it would keep bit + screw in place .
 I had worked and worked to get a 5/16 bolt extracted . After I got this set I was finished in about one minute . I do n't know if this is the highest quality or the strongest but it worked for me , therefore five stars . The set is in a sturdy metal case which will be very handy for storing and transporting it .
 I purchased this to combat allergy attacks when I was doing my lawn work . The effect was amazing . No more sneezing or runny noses ! I could n't be more happy with this product . It is comfortable to wear and has held up well .
 Great Product ; Fits very comfortably and it filters perfectly . I am affected by airborne dust allergies and laundry room particles and lint . Doing my laundry is now allergy and headache free with the easy slip on mask . Provides cool air while breathing as compared to cheap masks . This is a mask you will like wearing for the dusty jobs .
 This product works GREAT , the ONLY problem , for me personally , was that it was a little hard for me to breath easily , without some effort , through the mask .
 I have been plagued by allergies and asthma attacks since my daughter brought home a puppy about a year ago . I had childhood asthma and suffered terrible bouts of bronchitis but had not had an attack in over 25 years until I began living with a pet in the house . I began sleeping in a sealed room with an air filtration system and actually dreaded 3-day weekends where I would be in the house for 3 days without a break from the pet dander . The doctor put me on advair and that helps alot , but I still have random asthma attacks . I bought the 3M HEPA Mask last week and it is a life changer . Sure , I feel silly walking around with a mask and pink `` Princess Leah '' filters -LRB- Why do they have to be pink ? -RRB- . But the mask has me breathing normal again even after the 3-day Thanksgiving weekend . As soon as I feel my lungs beginning to strain , I put on the mask for a few hours and am able to breathe easy without having to leave the house or lock myself in my sealed room . You may ask , `` Why did n't you just get rid of the dog '' ? Well , she has beautiful brown eyes and I fell in love with her the moment I saw her . I get to play with her alot more now that I have the 3M HEPA Mask . Also , the mask is easy to use , and the straps are very comfortable . The only drawback is the mask tends to stick to your face if you sweat . But hey ! Who cares ? I can breathe again !
 Bought this because hay fever kept me out of my garden and pasture . It works well at filtering pollen and allowing me to breath . Much better than a hospital type mask . Once in a while the exhalation valve gets stuck , but blowing out hard will clear it . Very nice fit around the nose , mouth and chin . As comfortable as it can be and still keep allergens out . I can work in the garden and even in the hay fields without feeling like I 'm going to die ! Have no idea how it might work to keep out poison gas .
 bought this product to relieve seasonal allergies . looks silly in public , but as a sufferer of severe seasonal allergies , it prevents almost all of my symptoms!Cons - condensation after prolonged use ; some discomfort round the nose for a good fit .
 This mask is awesome ! I suffer from life-threatening allergies . Wearing this mask has actually reduced the number of visits I have to make to the hospital . Great buy for the money !
 I am using the respirator as a pollen mask , and this product seems to be working to my satisfaction .
 My husband is undergoing a Bone Marrow Transplant at Stanford Medical Center in Palo Alto , CA . These face masks are givien to patients that have a compromised immune system . Dust can be deadly to these patients .
 Due to severe allergy conditions currently , my wife is wearing this mask around the clock . We can say with the mask and medications she has been stable and out of the hospital . Grateful for this product
 I Ordered this right after I took the tour of the Pig Farm in Mexico City while I was on vacation . I think It is working , cause only my Uncle got sick , cause he refused to wear one .
 Drill was is fine shape , only the screw-driver bits were missing
 This portable drill perform very good drilling into concrete walls and tiled walls , I just have to installs a lot of differents thins on a new project , like towel hangers , door stops , lights fitures , etc and the drill has good power and torque to drill holes into solid concrete , of course with a very good concrete bit too . I am very satisfy with this drill .
 Kit arrived in great shape ; I was expecting worse from a refurb . Great balance , good power , awesome value . Only gripe was it was missing the advertised/photographed bit set .
 I purchased this saw and have remodeled three houses with it . It has been a work horse that i would not want to be with out . I have had no problems with the saw after cutting hundreds of boards and installing several floors .
 These are fine bulbs . You used to be able to get them for about $ 3 . Now much more and impossible to find , thanks to our Congress .
 These are good bulbs that work well with dimmers . Some folks do n't like the color of the light which some people think is bit yellowish compared to a bright white of a typical halogen bulb .
 These bulbs came quickly , are bright and just like the ones they are replacing . Very expensive , but hard to find thanks to Congress . Buy them now if you will need them in the future . I am very pleased with the GE bulbs after trying several other brands and types .
 We ordered both the mailbox & the post & direct-buried the post . The mailbox is heavy & very sturdy . We 've already had a car back into it & the car ended up with a LOT more damage than the mailbox -LRB- we bent the metal piece back & there is no rust showing so far -RRB- . The mailbox functions well & our key does n't stick . Some boxes wo n't fit into the hopper -LRB- & we knew this might happen thanks to an earlier review -RRB- , so this is an occasional issue . Overall , we are happy with our choice .5 months later
 This is a very good secure mailbox for receiving your mail while on an extended trip or just a day or two . It is annoying when you have your mail held at the Post Office and you arrive home from a trip after they have closed either for the day or for the weekend and you can not get your mail . We receive our medications by mail and this mailbox keeps the curious at bay . I would suggest waxing the inside of the top section where the incoming mail is placed to ensure that it drops to the bottom secure chamber . We have had the mail hang up a few times because of the rubber band around the mail bundle.The directions state the handle should be 41 '' to 45 '' to the roadway surface . However the Post Office wants 49 '' from the handle to the roadway because of truck mounted delivery . Our mail carrier wishes it was installed higher than the present 43-1/2 '' . With this mail box you pull open the door which opens on an angle to the mail person and they drop the mail in the box instead of the traditional way of pulling down a door and placing the mail in the mail box . She is making out just fine-she never saw one of these mail boxes before so she is learning .
 I have to say this is the nicest mailbox I have ever used in my life . One thing I was a little disappointed in was the fact that you can not have a lot of outgoing mail . The little clip inside is not big enough to hold very much mail at one time . It needs to have another clip inside . We use it at a business and we have a lot of mail going out at one time . I have had to split up my mailing so it will all fit .
 This is a great mailbox to help prevent identity theft . Solid locking mailbox that holds alot . Made very well and should last a long time . Excellent design !
 5 yrs from now everyone will have a secure mailbox . It works great for most packages and mail .
 After having my mail stolen at Tax time . I searched for a nice looking , locking mailbox and found the Oasis . I built mine into an existing brick constructed mailbox , do n't know if I would put it on there optional pedestal . All around it is a quality , heavy duty mailbox , although maybe a little on the expensive side .
 A nice mailbox and certainly more secure that what 99 % of the public has . My only complaint is the lock . It is cheap , the aluminum key is hard to get into the lock and hard to get out of the lock . -LRB- Aluminum keys are easily bent . -RRB- I used some WD-40 which helped a little but I am not satisfied with the lock . I would advise having some lock deicer as well . My lock froze after a cold , near freezing rain . I am shopping for a better quality lock .
 Was for my own home . Match the color of my house exactly . Certainly added value to my property ! Thank you
 This is a great mailbox . It is actually huge , which came as a surprise . But this way it can hold weeks of mail and even small packages.The openings are weather-stripped and all hinges operate smoothly -LRB- i.e. no cheap paint job -RRB- .
 It 's a mailbox and it works.I 've owned for two months.Difficult to get intoFairly dust free despite being around new construction and dirt lots with wind so EVERYTHING is dusty.Dry when it rains.Of note , you only need this and the post . Amazon suggested an attachment of some sort for me that I did n't need . Just the post and mailbox is perfect.Be sure to check out dims . I 'm the house on my block with the big mail box . It is a bit large.Overall I am pleased .
 This is a high-quality product . It is well-made and is finished well . The entry door is designed and operates much like a standard , US post office , mailbox . When open , the rear portion of the door blocks access to the lower chamber of the box . Mail drops from behind the entry door into the lower chamber , when the door is closed . The door to the lower chamber is secured from the outside front by a keyed lock . The mailbox itself is all painted , heavy-gage , steel construction . It should not be easily damaged by inclement weather conditions or light impacts . It is doubtful a single swing of a bat or club would severely damage it . I also doubt if an exploding plastic soda bottle would do serious damage to the box.The security level is low , but sufficient to prevent the casual passerby from reaching in and extracting items . However , I feel quite sure the lock could be easily picked and the lower chamber door could be pried open by a determined thief.The box has a flag and the entry door has an inside-mounted clip to hold outgoing mail , for those individuals whom utilize mail pick-up from their home mailbox . However , there is no security with this feature.Those who want to mount the mailbox on a post should consider purchasing the optional 46-1/2 in . long , tubular steel , mounting post . They may also want to embed the post in concrete . It will require about one -LRB- 1 -RRB- cubic foot of concrete -LRB- apprx . 150 lb -RRB- . The mounting plate on the post fit right up w / the four -LRB- 4 -RRB- mounting holes in the underside of the mailbox . Threaded-fasteners are supplied w / the post . It makes a great looking and highly-functional , finished package.One additional thought , those homes on motor routes that have newspaper delivery will have to retain their present newspaper receptacles as this box has no provision to receive and hold a newspaper . Although , a newspaper receptacle could be mounted to the side of the mailbox , the highest point on the mailbox mounting post is too low for directly mounting the paper receptacle.Update as of 10/18/2012 : The mailbox continues to function well w/o a failure of any component . Painted surfaces continue to hold-up well , too . However , there are a couple of minor issues w / the box . First , larger items may not always drop into the lower chamber although they fit into mouth of the box . When the door is closed they do not clear the back edge of the flap and drop . Thus , they could be pulled back out of the door defeating the security feature . I 'd categorize this as a design flaw . Second , birds like to perch on the flat top surface of the box and it tends to accumulate bird droppings . This can be unsightly and messy .
 This mailbox works great ! It is very secure and has plenty of room in the locking compartment to hold lots of mail . This is actually my second mailbox . The first one was going strong at five years before being struck by a road maintainer . It hit so hard that it knocked the mailbox out of the ground along with the 160 pounds of concrete it was set in . The only damage was an unsightly dent on the side . The County paid for a new mailbox so I bought the exact same one and reused the steel post . Oasis mailboxes are built to last !
 Very sturdy built , items like magazines can get caught half way in the shute . Hopefuly mail person will notice and jiggle shute .
 i really like this mailbox . it looks big enough to hold at least two weeks worth of mail or a few video tape size packages.i did have to get a help having it installed on my existing post which was n't square and did n't accept the mounting plate available for order .
 This is a very high quality mailbox with heavy gauge metal , careful seam work , and excellent finish . I only wish the door was designed for larger boxes and the lock compartment was in the back .
 This is the second Oasis mailbox we 've purchased . We liked the first one enough to replace it with the same model . The first one was hit by a truck , which warped one side enough to make it unusable and pulled the post half out of the ground . Unfortunately the driver of the vehicle did not come back to let us know what happened , but we still have the passenger side door handle of his truck if he sobers up enough to remember where he lost it .
 The items arrived very quickly and except for one missing bolt was in good condition . The installation is rather straighforward with the post set in lots of concrete . There have been no complaints from the Postal Service and it does its job as expected .
 I installed this mailbox in less than an hour in dirt , using the matching post -LRB- purchased here as separate item -RRB- , with fence post concrete . Any minimally handy person can install it into dirt . If installing on top of concrete it would be harder but not impossible -LRB- I think they have a different post for that -RRB- . I got this box because it is large and approved by the postmaster . I do n't know what the approval signifies though . As a locking mailbox , the ease of use , size and security are great so far .
 BY FAR THE BEST MAIL BOX I HAVE EVER PURCHASED ... I HAVE OWNED OTHER MAIL BOXES BUT THE QUALITY OF THE OASIS AND THE WAY THE INCOMING MAIL SLOT IS MADE MAKES THIS MAILBOX # 1 ... IT IS SIMPLE TO INSTALL BUT UNLESS YOU 'RE VERY HANDY I WOULD SUGGEST YOU BUY THE POST THAT IS SOLD WITH THE MAILBOX ... AMAZON HAD THE BEST PRICE , WITH FREE SHIPPING ...
 This is a very large , very well-made mailbox . I recommend it.The top security drawer now has an extension on it which may address concerns that somebody could reach in . Since the box is 20 inches high , reaching in is close to impossible either way . The trade-off is the drawer increases security but also means no boxes can fit in . Cutting the security drawer shorter to make it easier to put boxes in would be very , very difficult -LRB- only way I can even think of would be to use a pneumatic cut-off tool -RRB- . White is good to minimize baking the mail , especially for folks who get their prescriptions by mail.I had a steel post welded up and Line-Xed it . The 4 box mounting holes are on approx . 4 '' by 10 '' centers so a regular post would be too narrow ; there are wide synthetic posts at Lowes & Home Depot or you could use 2 wood 4x4 mailbox posts . Then I used stainless bolts with stainless fender -LRB- big diameter -RRB- washers.This is not a safe . The mailbox -LRB- just like your house -RRB- could be broken into -LRB- or pulled out of the ground -RRB- -LRB- I used 3 80 pound bags of concrete -RRB- . It is not `` mailbox baseball '' proof , but probably ` resistant . ' If ` mailbox baseball ' is a problem in your area , then have a welding shop make you a mailbox .
 forget people 's negatives ! If you need a mailbox , not a bank vault , then this is your baby !
 I do n't know one way or the other about this mailbox ... since I have n't SEEN it yet -LRB- so I gave it the benefit of the doubt -RRB- -- one other reviewer said the Oasis Mailbox was available at Home Depot for $ 99 . It 's not ; it 's the Oasis * Jr. * that they stock , I discovered after a fruitless trip there . -LRB- And to think I said that review was helpful to me ! -RRB-
 See above
 Sturdy , large and worth the money . Easy to install and arrived on time . Large capacity allows for packages to be dropped off .
 After having a CHEAP plastic mail box for three years and always afraid of someone breaking into it , I now feel very safe having this heavy metal mail box so securely mounted outside our office !!
 Works perfect for a `` lockbox '' to receive checks in mail . Very sturdy construction . Hopper style allow the receipt of packages
 Got this mailbox to go into a stone and paver column and it was perfect for the job . It 's very well made , water tight , and easy to open with the key.So far it 's handled all of our mail and most of our packages without any trouble.Would definitely recommend .
 Im using this box for coin drop ins which kids are collecting and it serves the purpose one hundred percent , Thanks for amazon giving me the right item i was needed
 A very secure mailbox . Lots of room for your mail and small packages even if you do not pick it up for a few days . Easy to install with a few basic tools -LRB- would not recommend installing in inclement or very cold weather -RRB- . Probably the only real risk to the box is some adventuresome adolescent placing a lit M80 in the tilt out drop and running away quickly , and that would only destroy the mail inside -LRB- if present -RRB- . The box itself is very sturdy.The installation mount for 4X4 posts -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- could be reinforced a bit -LRB- if you are mounting the mailbox in that way -RRB- . The base part that attaches to the mailbox is really easy to work with and sturdy , but the anchors that mount it to the 4X4 post are too short -LRB- they extend only about two inches down the post -RRB- and use only 1 inch screws . In our rural area that would make knocking the mailbox off of the post quite easy , especially because it is quite heavy.I was able to reinforce the mount with 12 inch and 16 inch galvanized steel straps -LRB- one on each side of the post -- alternating lengths -- available for a small cost at the local hardware store -RRB- . I drilled through the anchor plating to match the strapping and used a 2 inch X 1/4 inch diameter lag screw with washer at slightly different heights and horozontal positions to drive through the overlapping anchor plate and the top of the strap to really secure the whole mounting plate -LRB- all holes pre-drilled -RRB- . The Mailbox is added after the plate is secured so that modificication can be done in your shop . Then I anchored the strapping lower down the post at different levels on each side with the same lag screws/washers . Just to be sure I added two inch galvanized deck screws to the part of the base plate that was not covered by the extra strap and at several places along the strap as well . I considered drilling a hole in the bottom of the mailbox centered over the post and drilling a hole down the center of the post for a much longer lag screw -LRB- 9-12 inches -RRB- or a similar diameter spike -LRB- I have a 16 inch long 3/8 inch drill bit -RRB- . I decided against that for now because our community may be changing the location of the mailboxes and providing a mounting platform which would make the mounting plate unnecessary . If the strapping proves to be insufficient to prevent vandalism , I may add that at a later date.The mailbox itself is s great pruduct and I highly recommend it .
 I have had this mailbox installed for 2 1/2 years now . It works flawlessly . I 'm frequently away from home for weeks at a time and this mailbox ensures that my mail is safe and secure . The metal is heavy gauge ... no corrosion at all since installation and no leaking inside the box . I purchased the oasis mounting post and it was easy to install and very sturdy . Highly recommended all around .
 A couple of years ago , we had an epidemic of mailbox baseball that destroyed several of our mailboxes . We get a lot of mail so we want a large mailbox which increases the target size for the vandals . When we put up the Oasis mailbox , it stood fine until recently . A driver coming down our street swerved to avoid a deer and hit the mailbox . It took an automobile to break the box . That 's good enough for us . We bought another one .
 the very solid and well built mailbox is perfect for a contemporary home and very secure in it locking mechanism and large mail storage space .
 We installed this at our medical office because of a conflict with the post office . The bottom is pretty large and holds everything except XRays .
 This locking mailbox is sturdy and easy to install and use.However , we bought it especially because we order quite a few books -LRB- from Amazon , of course -RRB- , and we wanted these treasures to be secure if we were away when the mail came . This mailbox is designed to make it just about impossible to insert anything thicker than one inch unless it bends easily . We convinced the thing to do what we wanted by removing an extension piece from the inner door and bending back the top of the inner frame -- now it can accept a box 2 x10 x 12 . That was NOT easy.We wish the manufacturer had planned for small package delivery .
 I researched several locking mailboxes for the benefit of 104 homeowners in my neighborhood . I did a careful hands-on comparison of the Oasis -LSB- not Oasis Jr -RSB- and theMail Boss -LRB- see disclosure below -RRB- . Advantages to each , but I preferred the Mail Boss overall.Advantages of Oasis : - - Hopper style door will accept some thicker packages up to appx 4 '' x 6 '' x 12 '' . Mail Boss max
 My wife and I liked the style of this mailbox , so we bought it . It has a locked storage compartment , so you can go away for a week and not have to stop the mail . It appears well made with heavy gauge steel -LRB- and the mail stays dry when its raining outside -RRB- . Because its rectangular , you want to make sure the post is plumb while it sets in concrete . You could always shim the mailbox with washers to trim it later if need be.Only issue is that it takes a bit of wiggling to get the key into the lock -LRB- the key hole weather shield sticks a little -RRB- . Overall we are very satisfied with this mailbox .
 The mailbox construction is top quality , no surprises . The instructions provided were also accurate . One issue is that my postman turns large envelopes -LRB- 9 '' x 13 '' -RRB- and the weekly free ads such that they do n't fall into the drop area below . They 're sitting in the top deposit door , so I always check in the locked drop area below AND pull the top door down , and find items in both locations . It makes me worry a little about going away for a few days - is it all going to be stuffed in the top hopper ? One of the reasons that I purchased this mailbox was so that I would n't have to put my mail on hold anymore when I go away . On the other hand , the normal-sized envelopes seem to fall below . The bigger items , which have a higher probability of being junk mail , are the ones that do n't drop .
 This Oasis mailbox arrived quickly and in good condition via UPS . I bought the 5100 which is larger than the 6200 . It is large but will accept small packages and hold mail for a few days . Regarding the in ground post , the recommended post is the 5105 which is 46 '' high . If you mount it 2 feet deep to ensure it is sturdy , it may be a bit low . What I found out from Architectural Mailboxes is that the Coronado in ground post -LRB- 5525 -RRB- is also designed for the mailbox . It is 53 '' high and costs the same . So buy the 5525 post if you want to mount it deeper and ensure a good height . This tip apparently applies to the 6200 mailbox as well which you may want higher as it is a smaller box . The Coronado post has the same size and bolts and it fitted fine . Call Architectural Mailboxes if you want to verify .
 This mailbox is a very secure . We were constantly worried about the possibility of identity theft from our rural box , but no more . The mailman inserts the mail in the top ; it falls to the bottom , and then you retrieve it by opening the bottom box with a key . It is heavily built and looks nice , too .
 This is a large mailbox and worth the extra cost . It is more secure than the ones I have looked at in the local Lowes and Home Depot ! It is easy to install and looks great at the roadside edge .
 The order was received on time and in great condition . The mailbox and post were simple to install . It is working out great for us .
 When we decide to replace our mailbox , we went through the neighboring blocks and went on-line to see what 's available . We found the Oasis mailbox has the best design in medium to small size residential mailbox , prvides the best protection of your mail from weather and theft . After we received the mailbox we are also impressed by its heavy metal contstruction and the quality of craftmenship . We think this would be the last time we have to replace our mailbox again .
 This mailbox was ordered a few weeks before Christmas , but it was delivered to our home in 4 days . It was expected that it would take longer to get the mailbox . The mailbox itself is just what we needed to keep our mail secure when we are gone from home for several days . The mailbox is sturdy and and mates with the post with strong bolts that can be secured . It is also very attractive . I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 Product as described . Mail carrier has no trouble delivering to it . Well-built , smooth operation and good weather seal . The post needs to be set in concrete . Maybe not as secure as a P.O Box , but a lot more convenient and cheaper in the long run .
 The Oasis Architectural mailbox is a solid , well engineered locking box that will accomodate a fair amount of mail , even small packages . Occasionaly , the oversize periodicals get tripped up in the dump tray from top to bottom , but otherwise it holds several days mail very securely . My thoughts for improvement would be to provide some sort of stop for the lower drop down door so it does n't swing all the way down and hit the bricks below , and to make it even more attractive with some detailing/trim on the exposed front/sides and perhaps even some metallic finishes ?
 I bought one and now half my block has the exact same . The peace of mind knowing no one can take your mail is awesome . It holds quite a few days of mail for those families that travel . I love not having to depend on the postal service to stop our mail when traveling .
 The Oasis security mailbox is very well constructed and shows attention to detail in its assembly . It has a large opening for small parcels , it is weather tight and was shipped without delay .
 I use a lot of permanent markers in my business . And Sharpie is a favorite among my people .
 I had seen homes with Scroll Brackets and did not even know what they were called.It gives a gingerbread look to plain corners at the top of doorways and other openings.I was glad to happen across the picture of one with its name.This one that I bought looks very pretty . I did not do the installation myself , a repairman worked this in with other repairs we were doing , so I do not know if it was easy to install but I know that I am satisfied.It is very light weight and needs to be painted or varnished .
 While the instructions imply that it might work for smaller pipes , I found it tough to get a grip as I got close to the 1.5 inch range . For larger stuff , it should get the job done great.If you think you can get by with the 6 '' , go with that one . You 'd be surprised how long a 12 '' handle can seem .
 Well made and durable . Easy to use . Really a helpful tool ! The strap is thinenough to get into some pretty tight places . Excellent !
 everything came on time , and worked great , no problems with the tool so far . came in the est. time frame .
 Have n't been able to use this because it does not fit under my sink . Seems like it would be nice .
 This German screwdriver looks great and performs well . The rubber covered , contoured grip is nice . It 's a hard grip so you get a sure grip . Like every screw driver with coated tips it quickly wears off after a few screws . It 's more of a marketing ploy than a lasting feature . The steel used appears to be of good quality but only time will tell . I use mine with electronics so I 'm not really tough on it .
 I bought this to replace a screwdriver I purchased in Germany in 1990 . Hope it lasts as long . Very good feel and sense of quality .
 I have a 14 inch Jet bandsaw , and needed a good 1/4 inch bandsaw blade . I went on Amazon and found this one with carbide tips at a price not much more than a normal blade . Shipping was fast and reasonable . I have used the blade several times , and could not be happier . Have even used this blade for resawing and have had no problems . With the carbide tips , this thing cuts through pine , oak , cherry , bloodwood , teak , and black walnut with no slow-up . I would definitely buy another blade from Grizzly and Amazon .
 this half inch conduit was well build and flexible enough to do the job . Seems like it will widthstand the elements well .
 Does anyone know which connectors to use with this conduit ? Should the connectors used on metal liquid tite conduit be use or some other type connector ? I found out this product uses the same connectors as metal liquid tite flex . Good stuff !
 Do n't you just hate it when you need to change sewing machine feet , but you drop the screw so many times it seems like you 're playing with a Yo-Yo , except it 's not any fun?This handy gripper-screwdriver is a really great tool and puts the fun back into sewing .
 Standard size AGD type 2 indicator is very accurate . This model has hardened gears inside and 1 '' travel with removable tip . # 4-48 thread for accessories . From the at rest position to `` zero '' it out is about 15 thousands so it will retain accurate measurements and still retain the shock proof mechanism . Very smooth movement . You can feel the quality . Highly recommended .
 Great indicator , Starrett is mong the best . Movement is smooth and repeatable . The dual scale is perfect for my application of the gage .
 Works flawlessly and such a pleasure after using cheap crappy China imports . This is a lifetime precision tool . Unfortunately , most of the precision tool companies in the US are gone . Supporting Starrett is good for the US and NO ONE ever complains when using a fine tool -LRB- after the sticker shock wears off -RRB- .
 Starrett is the gold standard of precision measuring instruments . You will never be disappointed with the quality of this instrument .
 Perfect for what we needed ! Great buy . . at first we were a little on the unsure side.But now that we have had it for a while , best buy we made this year .
 The drill has plenty of power and works as advertised . My only complaint is that it did not come with a hard case to store it in .
 Before owning this Black & Decker drill , I got a couple Craftsman cordless drills as a gift . With some planning , the larger cordless drill was handy . But ultimately the irony was that the cordless drill and its advantage of convienince was actually inconvienient since it was never charged when I wanted to use it immediately . I began to realize that I had to have a corded drill.I bought this drill at a local big-box home improvement store for at Amazon 's price and brought it home.Out of the box it includes the drill , a chuck , small instruction manual and the registration card . This is certainly a no-frills drill , but its got it where it counts .7 amps of power rocks . Plus it has a great handle for the other hand when you really need to control the drill or want to apply more pressure . The cord length will require an extension cord -LRB- like all drills -RRB- , but the drill chassis seems like it is built rock solid . This is my new favorite toy ! It comes with a two-year warranty , and given the price/name brand , I would n't recommend this unit for commercial use -LRB- go with DeWalt , Hilti , or something of that ilk -RRB- . But for occasional around-the-house use , it ca n't be beat.You could spend more for a household drill , but you do n't need to .
 This works great as a driver and as a drill . The power is controlled by the pressure on the trigger . I use it with an extension cord to make up for the short cord . After having bought other drivers , this will probably be the final drill or electric driver I will ever buy .
 I have owned rental properties for 20 years , so I have done numerous light and moderate construction tasks . I bought this drill a month ago , and have used it every day since then . Except for a `` reverse button '' on the drill handle which is easy to mistakenly push , I have found this drill to be sufficiently powerful and convenient . For the price , I am very pleased .
 More than enough power to do any job I will ever take on , it 's not heavy or bulkey and like I said plenty of power , I do wish you could get it with a keyless chuckI would recomend this drill to anyone that has a need for a 1/2 '' drill.Eddie PTexas
 Well made powerful 1/2 '' drill . Exceptional value . Only weaknesses ... the foregrip feels like a weak spot and the retainer for the chuck key is annoying . Minor issues . I 'm very happy with this tool .
 I got tired of the cordless drills always losing power in mid-project . When the batteries stopped taking a charge after a couple of years , it would have cost more to replace the batteries than to get a new drill . Since I do little drilling outside civilization , I can always find an electric outlet . Back to the good old corded drill . This one has all the power you need for tough jobs , and I do like the extra handle up by the drill ; it allows me to steady the drill very safely . The price was competitive , and I will be using this drill around the house for many years .
 This drill gives you that extra power you often need but never have around the house.Well balanced and handles well .
 I got this drill for the value to power and versatility ratio . Been using it to renovate a fixer upper almost every day for 2 months now . It has a good chuck , is comfortable in my hand , and has been used a lot . It still works great but does have a few flaws of note . It is heavy for my wife to use . The reversing switch has an annoying habit of slipping into neutral . The trigger frequently sticks when trying to squeeze it , I think this has everything to do with the loose reversing switch . Finally my biggest criticism is that it does emit a burning/acrid smell when used under heavy load , like driving lag bolts into pre-drilled holes , extended use , or using it to drill concrete , which it was not actually meant to do . If it had cost any more , I would have given it fewer stars .
 I just bought this drill to hook some pictures and kitchen stuff.this tool is great , it 's just a bit heavier than I expected but not too bad and second handle helps.It is powerful enough for what I had to do.My only regrets is that it does n't come in a plastic case to carry it around but I guess I should have read the description a little better.But I ca n't complain for the price , it does exactly what I expected it to do . Great product for the price
 Black & Decker DR550 7 Amp 1/2 - Inch VSR Drill/DriverItem purchased as a gift and the recipent was well pleased .
 The Black & Decker Drill is exactly what I wanted in a drill of this size . The quality is good and the price is very good . The adjustable grip handle is great , no problems . Excellent tool .
 This is an easy to use 1/2 inch drill . I have not used it heavily , but it works well when I need it .
 Like others , I bought this drill because my battery powered drill was never charged when I needed it . I 've used it a few times for small jobs around the house and It worked just fine .
 I 'm use to cordless drills so when I first used this one it was like drilling through butter . Ca n't go wrong with Black & Decker
 I was a little reluctant about a BD drill vs a rigid or other but it has performed admirably for the $ .
 Soy de Caracas-Venezuela y Recomiendo ampliamente a esta vendedor , Muy Buena Calidad , Putualidad en la entrega , Recomendable 100 % , Felicitaciones
 The price/value is what is driving my 5 star review . Best you can get for this price . Works as advertised and gets the job done . The next step up in quality will cost you almost twice as much . If you are only going to be using a drill like this a couple of times per year , go with this .
 I was hesitant to buy this because I generally go with the better rated `` pro-line '' brands . Even though I 'm just a do-it-yourselfer and hobbyist , I like to buy things just once . However , considering I only do a few projects a year , $ 100 or more seemed like a lot for a power drill . I have purchased Black & Decker household appliances in the past and been disappointed with the quality , but this model got great reviews , so I decided to take a chance.My primary purpose was for drilling screws into wood . My old drill , which I inherited from a friend , was an old 3 AMP B&D. ; The thing was reliable , and decent for drilling holes into wood , but just did n't have the juice to drive a screw . I always had to torque the screws by hand , which could take hours on a big project and cause cramps and blisters.I can say this tool will not only drive screws into hard wood , it can drive them in too far and too fast , even breaking screws from too much torque if I 'm not careful . This does bring up one minor problem . The variable speed trigger switch is a bit sensitive -LRB- which is how I snapped the first screw -RRB- , but after a couple hours of use I got used to it . That said , it would be nice to have a little slower and smoother acceleration . I was n't sure if 7 AMPs would be enough , but it certainly is -LRB- and the triple gear reduction makes a difference -RRB- . I can only imagine what type of torque you get out of a 10 AMP + power drill.Will this product hold up for years to come ? I can not say , but if you are a professional or person who would use it on a daily basis , my guess is you want to stick with something like a Milwaukee or DeWalt -LRB- although this B&D ; model is built like a tank -RRB- . However , if you are a do-it-yourselfer on a budget , but still want a heavy duty hand drill with some real power , this is probably the best at this price point . The most comparable DeWalt would be the DW235G 1/2 '' drill with 7.8 AMPs for about $ 90 . I rate this 5 stars based on the combination of features , quality , and value.PROS - Great features at a bargain price -LRB- 7 AMP , 1/2-Inch , variable speed , triple gears , etc. -RRB- - Incredible power , enough for just about any home improvement project - Built like a tank , all metal gear housing with hard rubber grips - Triple Gear Reduction , provides extremely powerful torque - Excellent chuck , does not slip - Removable 360-degree side handle -LRB- this part is plastic -RRB- - Corded-electric , no battery required ; full power and always ready to go -LRB- perfect for use around the house -RRB- - 2 year warrantyCONS - Variable speed power switch -LRB- trigger -RRB- can be sensitive , accelerate too quickly - Loud motor - Heavy -LRB- almost 1 lb heavier than the corded DeWalt DW235G with similar power ; 6.1 lbs versus 5.3 -RRB- - Corded -LRB- can not be used for some offsite projects -RRB- - Requires a chuck key ; rubber key holder on unit is cumbersome ; keys attached to the cord are faster to get at and more convenient - B&D ; is primarily a consumer brand -LRB- may not hold up for professional/daily use -RRB- - Removable side handle is plastic ; this optional product feature is not required for operation , but may not support heavy force -LRB- would not require service to replace -RRB- - No carry/storage case
 I do n't claim to know a lot about drills . I needed a drill that was not battery powered and I needed a drill that could power-through a custom cage I was making that was comprised of particle board & a 4 '' hole sole -LRB- bit ? -RRB- . My friends battery powered drill lost torque way too fast with a 4 '' hole sole on it -LRB- huge , I know -RRB- . . however , this drill powered through like a champ ! I was able to finish my cage with no problems.I now use it for lots of little tasks and it does a phenomenal job , exactly what I need for any projects I seem to always be undertaking .
 Buen vendedor , es una persona seria y responsable , lo recomiendo . La mercancia llego en buen estado , gracias , espero nuevas ofertas para una proxima compra
 I like the drill so far . The only complaint that I have is the plastic handle does not always stay put . I have taken it off and use the drill without it.I like the fact that the speed is variable , making it easy to screw in items .
 Great drill ! Very powerful . Excelent value . I will buy a couple more for friends and family .
 This drill is very strong , effective , yet viable , easy to maneuver . Excellent product for a variety of applications .
 Great torque , great value . The auxiliary handle is easy to remove ; a good thing because I rarely use it . Battery powered drills are more convenient in use of course , but they 're still problematic ... if you 're an occasional user , they never seem to be charged enough so you have to plan well ahead to charge them and the battery life is unpredictable . Torque is the other problem with battery operated units ; sure they have a lot on full charge , but if you have tough jobs , they deplete quickly . I bought this to replace a 25 year old Black and Decker that 's been used hard and finally died . You ca n't beat the price point . My only wish is that it had a keyless chuck , but that 's not a big deal . The grip is near the center of gravity so this is well balanced and as comfortable as these things get .
 Great for driving a 2 '' bulb planting auger , I 've used this drill for thousands of planting holes and it does n't even breathe hard ... better to buy 200 ' of outdoor extension cord than use a weakling cordless that dies before the 19th hole . Every cordless tool I ever had was way underpowerd , the battery packs died within two years and cost more to replace than the entire tool kit cost . I 'll never again buy another cordless tool ... far from a power source I 'd rather use a small generator .
 Needed this to cut 2 inch circle thru front door for replacement latch set . My rechargeable drill not powerful enough . This one easily did the trick . Very powerful . Not crazy about the chuck key holder . Prefer the type that attaches to the power cord .
 Stanley continues to make a good basic wood chisel at a reasonable cost . It came pretty much ready to use . Since I was doing a fairly nice piece of furniture , I wanted the edge as true and sharp as possible . Just a little effort with the `` scary sharp '' system got it that way . The job I applied this chisel to was with white oak . A previous experience with this chisel 's 1/2 '' big brother was with white pine.Neither application was particularly stressful on the tools but when I had finished with several cuts there were a few tiny nicks in the edge of each of them . White oak is medium hard . White pine is not . Did not expect the nicks.However , they did do the job and I expect they will remain at the ready for future projects . And for the money this was not an investment in heirlooms or `` designer '' tools . So I would recommend them for every day work .
 The thru tang lets you strike the chisel with as much force as you wish while the short chisel blade gives the user control and precision
 Bought this chisel as I needed one quickly for my fence project rebuild . A heck of a lot of notching in green wood!Had an inch and a half stanely I purchased around two years ago . I sometimes do n't like the new and `` improved '' designs , but this is a plus !!!! The tang goes through the handle . Because of this design improvement , I had excellent ergonomics and I moved through the many new fence posts with relative ease . My friend moved much slower.My other stanley chisel worked well . This one works better.There is no mention of how hard the metal is in this chisel , and I am hoping that this too is an improvement . Especially in sharpening and continuing to maintain an edge.All in all , a pleasant suprise as I purchased it on-line rather in a store .
 I got this to round out a 4 for 3 and it is my favorite of the 4 . Each item is better than I expected . The flashlight is small , handy , very bright , and more useful than I could have imagined . Both knives are Gerbers -- enough said .
 This works well to pick up small pieces of jewelry , but go slow . It is helpful , but magnet is n't very strong .
 Fantastic . Rips through wood like a hot knife through butter . A little rough on the cutting when using pine but this is expected . Waiting to see how well it holds out.What would be useful is if there are some instructions included about how to store the used blade . Quite tricky and dangerous I think .
 Stanley continues to make a good basic wood chisel at a reasonable cost . It came pretty much ready to use . Since I was doing a fairly nice piece of furniture , I wanted the edge as true and sharp as possible . Just a little effort with the `` scary sharp '' system got it that way . The job I applied this chisel to was with white oak . A previous experience with this chisel 's 1/2 '' big brother was with white pine.Neither application was particularly stressful on the tools but when I had finished with several cuts there were a few tiny nicks in the edge of each of them . White oak is medium hard . White pine is not . Did not expect the nicks.However , they did do the job and I expect they will remain at the ready for future projects . And for the money this was not an investment in heirlooms or `` designer '' tools . So I would recommend them for every day work .
 The thru tang lets you strike the chisel with as much force as you wish while the short chisel blade gives the user control and precision
 Bought this chisel as I needed one quickly for my fence project rebuild . A heck of a lot of notching in green wood!Had an inch and a half stanely I purchased around two years ago . I sometimes do n't like the new and `` improved '' designs , but this is a plus !!!! The tang goes through the handle . Because of this design improvement , I had excellent ergonomics and I moved through the many new fence posts with relative ease . My friend moved much slower.My other stanley chisel worked well . This one works better.There is no mention of how hard the metal is in this chisel , and I am hoping that this too is an improvement . Especially in sharpening and continuing to maintain an edge.All in all , a pleasant suprise as I purchased it on-line rather in a store .
 Great to have a few extras on hand . At first I was bummed when I opened the package as I thought I was missing a guide rod as the title may throw a few off , but after reviewing the description , they got it right .
 used to cut bicycle handlebars a little . Only issue is that I think the blade has to be either replaced or sharpened every once in a while . . True of all blades . .
 Blade lasts a good while , pressure screw is smoooth . Floating knob . Made in USA . 5 stars . Cuts copper and steel tubing
 Much smoother cuts than my cheap Chinese model , and I can get replacement blades ... which is why I bought it , since I could n't find a replacement blade for my cheap Chinese model . Inexpensive , American made and you can get replacement parts ... what 's not to like .
 Amazon got this Porter Cable 3/8 inch by 25 foot rubber air hose to me in amazingly record time . I am greatly pleased that it is made in the USA and did not come from China . The one it replaced was Chinese made and after a shorter time that I expected developed holes , making it useless.The price was low for such a great product , and if you need an air hose , I recommend this one higly .
 The stainless titanium coated nose and blade housing provides extended life over most every other fixed blade knife . For those of you who use utility knives every day , you know how fast the notches that hold the blade tight wear out . Lenox solved that with the stainless insert that is much harder and more durable than the aluminum alloy . And since it is only strengthened where it needs to be the knife remains incredibly lightweight . The quick change mechanism works flawlessly - a no frills hinge on the bottom and a finger turn screw to fasten the 2 halves together.Update 4/11/08 : Yesterday I discovered that the pins made of what appears to be aluminum alloy that hold the titanium head on have broken seperating the head from the body and rendering the knife almost useless - I may try to repair with some epoxy or glue of some sort . Another problem that I have found is that the notches that hold the blade are not deep enough and found that the blade would come out occasionally . A very good attempt but unfortunately I will have to withdraw my positive review of this knife .
 As a carpenter working in remodeling I did n't realize how often I reached for my utility knife until I had a crappy one sitting in my pouch . I 'd gone through all the `` quick change '' models and was always disappointed when the mechanism wore out and i was constantly losing blades . This knife feels great in your hand and the engineering is outstanding . Lenox finally got it right . It is a more expensive investment but is well worth it.The Lenox Gold blades included are awesome as well !
 Handles we purchaced were not the same as I was trying to match in the kitchen so we were able to use them in the bathroom . Like them there and I 'm still looking to match the ones I have in the kitchen .
 This is a nice little IR temperature device that works OK . Myself , I was wanting something a little more accurate so I could make HVAC temperature measurements . I got it during the cold part of the year so temperatures can easily vary 40F . On the same sample point it would match a normal thermometer sometimes and be as far off as 10F other times . I then read the specs and they only guarantee an accuracy of + -10 F over most ranges . I figure this is probably typical of this type of meter ???? I kept it because it is a nice form factor and I can use it for reading temperatures on motors and electrical boxes but I found it not accurate enough for real precision work .
 Probably most would laugh at the use of this type of device in the kitchen , but I use it on a daily basis - many times a day.I get instant readings of food , liquid and surface temperatures.Using it I can instantly read the temperatures of hot drinks to see if they are too hot for me or comfortable to drink at the moment -LRB- coffee , tea -RRB- . I can test temperatures of cooking items in the slow cooker or when I am heating items with other devices . I can determine the temperature of a pan or pot 's interior surface before adding oil , butter or other items . Great for use with Induction Hobs and magnetic cooking surfaces . Also for food surfaces in the oven.This unit is small , easy to use , reliable . I would highly recommend it . It is available at a fair price for the type of unit it is.I really did n't know how to use the laser , but after a call to the company found that pressing the ` turn on ' button , then the laser button , then the ` turn on ' again caused the laser pointer to work the way it should.Gary Hayman
 Bought this thermometer to check the insulation quality in my house -LRB- insulation was good to our builders credit -RRB- . Thermometer has since become a frequent `` loaner '' for neighbors who who have similar needs . Do n't use it much but it is handy to have when I need it . Amazing one can buy this technology for this price .
 This gadget so impressed me that I bought two of them so that one wouldnever be too far away . It is as accurate as necessary , and promotes alearning curve about how objects , both liquid and solid , transmit heat .
 There 's only one way to say this.This product does exactly what it 's supposed to do!In this day and age it almost comes as a great surprise.The readings are accurate and fast .
 * I bought these as a replacement for my normal duty gloves . The old pair had lasted for 25 years and finally were too worn to wear in public . * I must say that at first they fit a little too snugly . I made an effort to wear them for four or five hours and they have stretched to fit my hands . * I picked this cut of glove because they provide less of a chance of catching on my duty gear . The only thing I found was that they catch my forearm/hand hair , sometimes pulling my hair . * Beautifully made , soft , nice grip on my duty weapon .
 The gloves are a perfect fit . They do n't look or feel awkward . I would recommend them to anyone in a security/law enforcement position .
 I have owned these gloves for over 13 years of law enforcement and they are the best looking , best performing gloves I have ever owned .
 These gloves do the job . They fit great and work great and I 'd recommend them for duty use . I would n't use these for a true pat-down , but when it 's really cold these work nicely .
 Our son loved them as his Christmas gift He was looking for these for awhile . Very happy with the product - would buy again from company
 I have had this make of gloves for over ten years , during such time they dealt with biting dogs and biting people and everything in between . However after over ten years of service it was time to retire them and buy a new pair . Good quality - Good price
 I have had the same gloves before . They 're light , and last a long time . The only problem is that the fingers , especially the pinky , are tight . I wear a medium , and I think I have average size hands . Other wise great for what we use them for .
 As a Police Officer Ive used these gloves for years . Great protection from the fine upstanding citizens and scenes that Ive come in contact with . Highly recommended !!!!!
 I must say These gloves are wicked rad . The customer service was excellent due to me ordering the wrong size . they fixed the problem mid-transaction without a sweat . i 'm very very pleased . dare i say it ? ok i 'll say it . they fit like a glove ! nice . best gloves i own . and that says a lot !
 These are the greatest gloves ever.I work in a gun range for 8-10 hours a day & they hold up very wellMachine Gun Bebe
 Worked great o &#822; n &#822; &#822; t &#822; h &#822; i &#822; s &#822; &#822; s &#822; a &#822; f &#822; e &#822; &#822; I &#822; &#822; w &#822; a &#822; s &#822; &#822; b &#822; r &#822; e &#822; a &#822; k &#822; i &#822; n &#822; g &#822; &#822; i &#822; n &#822; t &#822; o &#822; for feeding the orphans in church . I will buy again when I need to p &#822; u &#822; n &#822; c &#822; h &#822; &#822; r &#822; a &#822; n &#822; d &#822; o &#822; m &#822; &#822; p &#822; e &#822; o &#822; p &#822; l &#822; e &#822; feed orphans again
 Great hammer . Does the job well however it would be better if it had a rubber grip for shock absorbance . If you spend a bit more , you can get a Husky drill hammer which is nicer with a rubber handle . But this is still a good hammer .
 This little guy is a nice product . Compact yet a true sledge hammer .
 I had dozens of wallplates in my 30 year-old home that I wanted to upgrade to the screwless versions . After hours spent reading online reviews and cruising local hardware stores , I took a chance with the Cooper Wiring Devices Aspire line , starting with a 6-gang plate that I figured would reveal any weaknesses in design.These Aspire wallplates are , in a word , fantastic . VERY easy to install , brilliantly constructed , and beautiful to behold . I ended up doing ALL the wallplates , ranging from single gang , 2-gang , 3-gang , 4-gang , and this 6-gang . The Aspire subplate gives access to the switch screws , making it easy to align the switches before snapping on the cover plate . On the 4 - and 6-gang boxes this was a huge PITA before , but the Aspire plates made alignment a breeze . The single gang plates -LRB- which you 'll use most often -RRB- were so easy to install , I did n't even break a sweat after doing about 25 in a single hour.If you 're thinking of upgrading the look of your wallplates , you ca n't go wrong with the Aspire line . There 's a good reason they get 5-stars in almost every rating . Note that you may find better sale prices for the single gang plates elsewhere .
 I am using these large bags as a something to hold large amounts of paper recycling -LRB- from the shredder , etc. -RRB- . I am lucky enough to have curb-side paper recycling , but my area is picky with regard to how the recyclables are presented . These bags seem to be working .
 I like the paper yard bags very much . They stand right up there with their tops wide open , and are much easier to fill than floppy plastic bags . The fact that they are biodegradable and do n't add indigestible clutter to landscape is a huge added plus . :
 I love these bags . They are strong enough to stand up on their own . I use them in my house to toss all of our recyclable items into and then just take it out to the bin when it is full . Sure makes it a lot easier than having a bunch of little bags or bins around , espeically since we do n't have to seperate all our our stuff by type .
 These bags are incredibly durable . I needed a way to deal with the debris as I cleared overgrown blackberry brambles . The bags never ripped , even though I packed them snugly . I was even able to reuse a few of the bags which is a good thing since they are somewhat expensive .
 I had dozens of wallplates in my 30 year-old home that I wanted to upgrade to the screwless versions . After hours spent reading online reviews and cruising local hardware stores , I took a chance with the Cooper Wiring Devices Aspire line , starting with a 6-gang plate that I figured would reveal any weaknesses in design.These Aspire wallplates are , in a word , fantastic . VERY easy to install , brilliantly constructed , and beautiful to behold . I ended up doing ALL the wallplates , ranging from single gang , 2-gang , 3-gang , 4-gang , and this 6-gang . The Aspire subplate gives access to the switch screws , making it easy to align the switches before snapping on the cover plate . On the 4 - and 6-gang boxes this was a huge PITA before , but the Aspire plates made alignment a breeze . The single gang plates -LRB- which you 'll use most often -RRB- were so easy to install , I did n't even break a sweat after doing about 25 in a single hour.If you 're thinking of upgrading the look of your wallplates , you ca n't go wrong with the Aspire line . There 's a good reason they get 5-stars in almost every rating . Note that you may find better sale prices for the single gang plates elsewhere .
 I 've owned the various types of tap and die sets sold at Home Depot and Lowe 's , but this Vermont American set takes the cake for the price . I put it through some pretty aggressive use for a project I recently worked on and it performed wonderfully . The other sets I purchased before this one -LRB- Irwin -RRB- were cheaply made , and the taps and dies did not seat properly in the handle . I felt that the Vermont American set was much more precise , and , as a result , my threads were made both faster and cleaner .
 I work as a custodian for a public school system . The new building has a chiller system for cool air . I need to be able to monitor the glycol concentration for proper operation . The Extech RF40 comes with excellent instructions and is easy to calibrate and use . All this at what I feel is a very fair price .
 As an RV tech , I use this tool to check the specific gravity of the house and chassis batteries on any RV that I am working on . Much more accurate than just using a DC Volt meter or hydrometer . Easy and quick to use . I can check all of the cells in just a few minutes . Highly recommended to anyone who deals with lead-acid batteries on a regular basis !
 Bought for use at my off-grid solar powered vacation home.Much easier to take and record accurate specific gravity readings on my batteries . With this easy to use tool I 'll be more diligent about watching out for my batteries ' health.Recommended .
 I think a spark lighter like this is a must-have for owners of gas torches without built-in igniters . I bought one to light my new propane torch , and it works great . Much more convenient than using matches.There are 5 replacement flints included , which should last you a long time . They are stored in a small plastic holder that keeps them safe .
 This is a fine product , made in the U.S.A. and it works as described . The only issue is that the product description says it includes 5 extra replacement flints , and it didnt arrive that way . The stiker arrived without the blister package it should have been in . It does come with 1 flint already in the striker ready to go however & Amazon customer service took care of the rest with no problem . They agreed to send out a replacement immediately ... for free !
 Should be in everyone 's emergency kit . Much safer than matches . Have n't used this one yet but have had one before and hope I wo n't need it to light our gas range during a power failure !
 This is a good spark lighter . The one I received did n't include the extra flints , but I need it so I guess I 'll just suck it up . Just a word of warning .
 It says right in the product features
 I have had one of these for years and use it for many applications with a Bernzomatic Jumbo Torch head . Among other things , I 've used it to waterproof boots and to remove old paint . Used judiciously it diffuses and spreads the flame over a wider area , a plus on many tasks . Paint removal in particular is where it shines , one can simply soften old paint and scrape it off to the bare surface without sanding .
 Bought this for my little torch for singeing chickens I was processing . Lost my original one , and I think this is actually a bit better made . Fits better anyway . Good buy . Thank you .
 We recently updated our kitchen and it was suggested that we replace our existing kitchen cabinet handles / pulls with new Pewter ones since they would go well with our new Stainless Steel appliances . We liked the variety of styles offered by Top Knob and reviewed their on-line catalog for a selection . We found the ones we liked on Amazon and saved some money by ordering through Amazon .
 I ordered these LEDs to replace an incandescent bulb in an HO scale locomotive . The seller shipped promptly and at a far cheaper price than I could have gotten them in a retail store . The LEDs are very bright -LRB- even when used with a 1K ohm , .25 watt resistor -RRB- . When I need more , I 'm certainly going to order from this seller again !
 I bought these for a small altoids tin flashlight project . They worked with no hassles . Fast shipping from the seller . Not horribly bright but I do n't expect much from a small led light used in this manner . I 'm still happy with them however and I 'd recommend them .
 It seems ridiculous to pay over $ 27 for a shower strainer , but this one was a necessity . We retiled our master bathroom , including shower , and the shower floor was done with 1 '' glass tiles . Any tile person will tell you that is a hard cut to make in a circular pattern . This square drain was great because all our tile person had to do was cut the mesh in between the tiles . It looks nice and has a satin-nickel finish . We love it , and it made the job a lot easier ! It is very solid and heavy so I know it 's great quality .
 We purchased one of these from Amazon about 4 years ago . Our local home stores did n't stock anything in black so I was really surprised to see that not only did Amazon carry the item in black but they were also eligible for the free 2-day shipping with Amazon prime . Knowing items like this are breakable we decided to pay the $ 3.99 extra to have it next-day delivered . The first sink to arrive was the wrong color , but Amazon had us a replacement sink the next day and the UPS guy picked up the other for a return . I really ca n't say enough good things about Amazon customer service , they are truly the best!The sink is typical Kohler quality , it looks beautiful and it arrived in perfect condition . I 'm glad to see that Amazon carries items like this as I 'd much rather order from them than deal with Home Depot or Lowes . Highly recommended .
 This is n't professional grade but seems to get the job done . I used it in several homes where installers poorly labeled the data and cable tv lines in a central communications box . Used it in some homes varying from 6 total cable/data lines to one that had over 40 . Hasnt disappointed me yet.PROS :1 . Its cheap . Units with similar capabilities cost about 3 or 4 times as much .2 . Has most of the bells and whistles . The pacakge comes in three pieces . There is a main unit that has only a phone and data connector -LRB- RJ11 and RJ45 -RRB- . The add-on unit that has a receptacle for the data connector to connect it to the main unit and offer capability for male coax or alligator clips -LRB- the inset picture in the product . The third piece is the sensor itself that looks like a long pen . It has a speaker with volume/sensitivity level control .3 . The sensitivity volume has a range of sensitivity that I have n't fully explored . I have bundled coax and data cables coming into a central hub . When I first tried to find a particular cable , I had the speaker turned up to loudest . This basically caused every cable to give off a signal . I then had to turn it down to isolate only the strongest signal from the cable I was looking for . If adjacent cables can pick up signal , this could be useful in certain situations .4 . It comes with a nice little case that holds and protects everything.CONS :1 . The plastic packaging was poor -LRB- clear plastic shell packaging -RRB- . The owner 's manual had fallen out at somepoint in packaging/shipping process . I just today realized that the manual is available on Amazon 's site .2 . Could be an isolated incident , but Amazon 's normally speedy service got this to me in about 4 weeks . Very slow by their standards .
 This product arrived in 3 days . It 's made of plastic but I do n't think this is a problem for people who take care of their tools . The generator uses a 9 volt battery while the won / speaker uses round button cell batteries . It comes with alligator clips , RJ 11 , RJ 45 and coax attachments . This is a very useful tool when trying to sort out wires or finding a particular cable .
 Working to overcome the effects of a lightning strike , I had to isolate and repair some fried CAT5 cables running between buildings -LRB- inaccessible for manual tracing , in a conduit under a paved parking lot -RRB- . Naturally , the cables coming into the switch were a a tangled mess of identical cables , and labeling was done by whoever set it up years ago ON THE WIRES with a felt tip pen . Illegible . More cables added since then , unlabeled . FUBAR.The TG30 arrived in two days , and solved the problem . Lacked any documentation , but then , it 's not rocket science . You might do well to have an inline connector on hand , as one does not come with the kit . This device is not what I would call `` Professional Grade '' , but it now occupies an honored place in my tool kit , and represents money well spent .
 This product worked for traceing audio cable in a church building where boths ends had been cut off . I would say it is a good value for the money and worth it for home or light commerical use . It does have a continutiy test which was handy .
 I knocked off a stay because it feels cheap , and not sure about durability . Not too much of a big deal for me , since I will use this 20 times and probably never again . The batteries in the wand are also 4 of the flat button ones stacked on top of each other , so those will be a pain and an expense to replace .
 It 's really cool to have a tool like this , it works very well and wont break your bank .
 The light is beautiful . The only problem is that it hags upside down since the fat side of the plug is a mismatch with our outlet . Mom says it 's okay , though , because that 's how the birds often hang !
 Used this on a customers vehicle where we wired in an inline maxi fuse holder to protect a certain circuit on their motorhome . They had been having problems blowing fuses and when it would happen in the middle of nowhere , they could not readily find replacement fuses of this size . This breaker is the perfect alternative . It fits just like a normal maxi fuse , but wo n't burn up like a fuse when the amperage exceeds 40 amps . Although it is a little expensive , all of our local suppliers were 2 weeks out . Amazon was able to get it to our shop the next day . I would highly recommend this for anyone who uses maxi fuses for high amperage applications .
 Needed replacement track for my closet doors . Could not find them at the local hardware . Purchased and installed these replacement tracks . They work beautifully ! Very happy with this product !
 They are what they are . Merchandise was as described , delivery was prompt . What more could you ask for ?
 on time as stated seem ok will put to use in shop and see what happens cheap enough to buy
 We have been searching for extension bars for awhile now . Never any luck in coming up with extension bars long enough for what we needed . This was just the ticket . And arrived very promptly as well making it an added bonus !!
 appear to be a good quality extension for thosehard to get to jobs . The order was received promptly and in good condition .
 FAst shipper but like others reviews the item was boxed about as poor as Ive ever seen . Item fell out of box at post office . Looked like a 10 year old taped it and boxed it . Same for other product I bought to go along with these extensions .
 Was not sure about fluorescent lighting for my undercabinet needs in the kitchen ... this light provides a very warm fluorescent glow that is soft and not harsh but still provides alot of light . Would recommend this .
 I needed an under-cabinet light to illuminate my 3 '' cutting board . I have grown fond of my fingertips , and my kitchen lighting put my board in my body 's shadow making it difficult to see well what I was cutting . I had installed some battery-powered LED lighting strips also sold by GE , but the 6 batteries needed in each of the 2 remote controlled lights lasted for less than 2 hours at full brightness making it expensive in the long run . Furthermore , the LEDs lit up only what was directly below them . On a 20 '' cutting board much was still left dim.For reasons of economy and in the hope that I would get more and better lighting coverage , I decided to try this light . I wanted sturdy construction , minimum profile , instant-on function and a light that would illuminate my entire 20x20 cutting board and not just a portion of it . With a full metal housing , this fixture does it all . I get a bright and steady light perfect for my needs . As the light is linkable , I will be buying another 3 to surround my entire sink area .
 If you want the best , buy these . Outstanding product with superb performance and a great track record . I could n't be more satisfied with both price and Felco 's F-2 .
 The Felco pruners are not just the best pruners - they are the ONLY pruners anyone should ever purchase . I 've had mine for twelve years and I 've replaced the blades and springs a number of times - very few companies offer replacement parts - it 's a real plus for Felcos . Whether you 're attracted to the basic F-2 or any of the others they are wonderful . Amazon sells them at the best price .
 These are my favorite pruners , but I feel they are overpriced at the current approximately $ 47 price . You could easily buy two to four other pruners for this price , and I really think you should buy others because I think you would waste -LRB- wear out -RRB- these on repetitive and abundant pruning if you have lots and lots of general pruning to do , as I do in Maine . I try to use mine only on harder brush type plants , like roses and rosa rugosas , and even then they do about 85 % great cuts . For my other general pruning I use my cheaper pruners -LRB- Fiskars -RRB- . I paid $ 37 -LRB- and I thought that was crazy -RRB- two years ago so if you buy them now you appear to be paying extra for the currency drop of the dollar . I saw these pruners being used at a local nursery and asked to try them . Do the same if you can to see if they provide that much of a better cut over cheaper priced , but still good , other pruners , especially at this price .
 I 've got large hands and I love these pruners . If you have roses you know that you need a bypass pruner to get a clean cut . So that 's why I bought these , but I use them for everything . I can cut up to an inch thick tree branch with very little trouble . They sharpen right up easily , they clean up with a bit of WD-40 and steel wool on the blade -LRB- to get the pine sap off from cutting up my Christmas tree . -RRB- Once I bought these I stopped using my larger pruners so often . Just not needed.I 've also bought a set of the F-6 size for my girlfriend . Her hands are smaller and they work better for her . After years of those other pieces of junk she can hardly believe what a decent set of pruning sheers is like . There is a reason they keep these things behind the glass at my local hardware store . They are definitely the choice of gardening professionals.I tried the roller grip pruners in the store but I do n't like the feel . I wear garden gloves or plain old work/welding gloves when I 'm cutting back the blackberry canes and the solid feel of the F-2 is easier to use with the gloves on.Once you buy a set you 'll never go back .
 The best part is the locking nut that adjusts the blade tension . Other pruners ' adjusting nut will `` float '' making it difficult to have consistent cuts . I have pruned acres of grape vines with these and will use no other pruner . It is high quality that cuts clean and lasts a long time .
 If gardening is a true passion for you , do n't think twice about the price on these pruners -- they are worth every penny . I have easily spent $ 40 on less-than-amazing pruners in the past year ... as long as you clean off the Felco pruners after using -LRB- I wipe them off with a damp towel , then dry , and then I use WD-40 to prevent rust -RRB- , they will last you a long time .
 I checked several web sites - including Felco - and got the same pruner here much cheaper . These pruners are top notch ... will last several years , if not decades , if you take care of them .
 They came in perfect shape and quickly delivered . They were a gift for an employee who is leaving to become a professional landscape designer . She swears by Felco 's , as do I. # 2 was the only size she did n't already have . No one could beat Amazon 's price and service .
 I have had this pruner for 5 years and it is the pruner most recommended by all my gardening friends . . I purchased the last Felco pruner as a gift for my son and I plan on giving another one as a gift . They are the best , I 've tried all the discount brands and these have lasted the longest . Others have fallen apart within 1 year of purchase .
 These shears are well designed with superior construction . They are wonderful to use in the garden .
 Heartily recommended to anyone needing quality secateurs . I use them most days in my work . From rose pruning to branches/twigs that hit you in the face whilst mowing . They do the job and do it well .
 I gave this tool as a gift for a die-hard gardener who lost his other Felco prunner . He loves it and he always has trusted Felco products . It is extremely sharp and when its pieces wear out they are replaceable .
 We 've owned various pruning shears over the years and were never totally pleased with their performance . I 've had a chance to use the Felco F-2 and it works like it should . Clean cuts every time . Highly recommend - worth the extra bucks !
 These are really high Quality Pruners I got them for myself but , my Husband saw them and really loved them . . stainless steel sharp blades in a nice case . . really the best I have ever had . . I would recommend them highly . . they may cost more but , will outlast any other pruner I ever bought..thumps-up on these . I love them .
 You wo n't be sorry you spent the extra bucks on these fine pruners . This is the second pair I have owned -LRB- someone swung with the first pair ! -RRB- and they continue to earn their keep . We have a small home orchard and farm and they get a workout . These are the regular size which are just a tad larger in my hand than I 'd like . If you have a small hand you should consider the smaller size . Keep them clean and sharp and they will last forever !
 Arrived quickly - these pruners were all I hoped they would be . Comfortable grip and sharp blades make the trimming easy .
 I kept buying cheap pruners and replacing them . I saw my landscapers using these and not struggling as was to do a nice job without damaging my plants . They are nicely made and with the replacement parts , should be my last pruners ever . They also seem to be designed well as hand fatigue is reduced . Expensive but cheaper than replacing pruners every year or two .
 Felco pruners have been my favored garden tools . The quality is excellent and reliable . The cut is clean and precise.I recommend the F-2 to any gardner .
 Cuts fish gills and fins without a problem ! Prunes very well , too , of course . I oil it after each use and cleaning . Comes with a small tool that needs to be kept separately . I 'm afraid to lose it .
 These pruners are used by every volunteer at our arboretum as recommended by our volunteer leader .
 I could not garden without these pruners . I had my first ones and lost them after Christmas so I ordered new ones and now feel that I can have a lovely garden this year . Could not live without them .
 I use and abuse these pruners everyday and they keep on working . Any part that ever needs to be replaced can be , making them the last pruner you will ever need to buy .
 This is great , top of the line , came quickly and the roses look great .
 I have only used these for 2 weeks , but so far I 'm very pleased . They have a good grip , and are great for pruning my roses , plants of all kinds , and have maintained their sharpness.Marge
 Asked for this for my birthday as a neighbor/friend has a pair and `` swears '' by them . I can see why
 I inherited a Felco hand pruner from a dear friend who could not do any gardening any more due to health issues . I knew they had to be good otherwise she would not give me an old pair of pruners . And boy , are they great!She had these pruners for a number of years , and they are still sharp and cut like new ! I have n't had to sharpen them . They feel comfortable in my small hand . They operate very smoothly , they lock very smoothly , much nicer compared to the others pruners I 've used . And they work ! I can cut through some thick branches with ease , despite being a relative weakling.If I ever needed another pair -LRB- even though I doubt this one will break -RRB- I would definitely buy Felco Hand Pruner .
 I was given one of them about 10 years ago . I saw this and thought that I would give one to my daughter .
 Received before advised delivery date , very well packaged , a delight to use this f2 pruner , a pleasure to use , very easy to adjust , and extremely well made , plus the available spares make this a product that will last for many years . Highly recommend .
 The Felco F-2 is my favorite set of clippers , I actually have four of them now , each in its own place . I dont have to go looking for a set.I like the clean close cut that they make .
 Great pruners ! Good feel and always a smooth cut . I have used many others but the felcos have always been my favorite .
 I purchased my first F-2 pruner 25 years ago and continue to use it . I have replaced the blade twice . I like the pruner since it cuts well and you can replace parts . I purchased another F-2 for my wife to replace the dull lower quality pruner she was using .
 These are wonderful clippers . They cut cleanly and easily even through thick branches . I bought them on recommendation of a gardener friend who had had her pair for 20 years and they only needed to be sharpened once .
 These pruners are top quality , much much better than any pruner purchased at Home Depot . Pruner has great ergonomics , they stay sharp and are easy to use . I recently purchased a second pair of Felco Classic 's for my son .
 Best pair of pruners I have ever owned . Sharp enough to cut through anything in your garden and makes very clean cuts . Easy on the hands and well made . Excellent product .
 This is my second Felco Pruner . THe first one lasted more than 20 years . Well worth the money and if you do n't lose them they will last a very long time .
 I have wanted a Felco pruner for years but would n't spend the money for one . Always something that seemed more important to buy . A gift card from a brother was like a gift from a fairy godmother and I finally got my wish . They are super , fit my size 8 1/2 -LRB- glove -RRB- hand . My only concern is losing them . And I do n't wear belts to put a holster on , being female . I would urge the company to add a loop to the handle so one could attach a cord which could tie to ... whatever . Then this product would be perfect !
 I purchase only Felco for personal use but this particular order was for a gift -- what a delighted response I received ! These will eliminate the annual purchase of cheap discount/department store options .
 One of the best hand pruners I 've ever owned . It just keeps going like Energizer Bunny . I 've gone through other brand pruners and have replaced them due to blade alignment problems . This quality pruner has performed perfectly each and every time over the past several years . Recommended .
 Pruner very high quality and easy to use . I am a weakling but am able to make 1 '' cuts with ease .
 I had this Felco 2 classic for over 20 years and very happy with it . Unfortunately I put it in the trash can while cutting the trees .
 As an avid gardener , I had purchased many pruners over the years and would inevitably be disappointed with them because they would either break or the blades would n't stay sharp.About 10 years ago , I decided to pay the -LRB- high ! -RRB- cost for Felco F-2 pruners because I was sick of purchasing cheaper models that did n't last that long . I 've never regretted it . These are the BEST pruners that I have ever found and would highly recommend them to anybody who loves high quality products . The pruners are very hardy and the blades are still sharp -LRB- and I 'm hard on my tools -RRB- . My latest purchase of these pruners from Amazon were for gifts because I wanted my friends to have them . The price I paid on Amazon was much cheaper than what I paid for pruners 10 years ago AND with Prime free shipping , my purchase was a bargain . Highly recommend !
 There are none better as far as I am concerned ! I have been pruning nursery stock and anything green and woody that needs a little TLC for over twenty years , and these are the best shears on the face of the planet ! A worthwhile investment for the gardening/horticulture enthusiast and a must for the seasoned nursery professional !
 Everyone in my family has one of these at their house . It was a race to see who could get one for me for the holidays . They are absolutely amazing . My landscaping brother has his every day at the ready . I have now been able to clean up the yard mess that has been growing for months with ease !! Highly recommended as a must have tool for the house
 I highly recommend the Felco # 2 pruner . My garden shed will not be without them . I have medium sized female hands and the Felco # 2 fit . They are built to last a lifetime .
 I actually had a Felco hand pruner for several years . I recently lost this pair and had purchased another brand as its replacement . The replacement just did n't ` cut it ' . I 'm now using my recently purchased Felco pruner and happy with it feel and results .
 Ever since I got my first Felco pruner , I will not even consider buying any other brand . Not only do they work better than any other brand , they are simple to take apart and clean and replace worn parts . They are even relatively simple to sharpen , although it takes a slightly different touch than your pocket knife or chef 's knife.The bottom line is that they work really , really well for years , even without sharpening . Their scissors action is much better than the anvil style . This F-2 model is the most general purpose design and I use it on virtually everything.I will suggest that if , like me , you have relatively small hands , the smaller F-6 model is slightly more comfortable and easier to use for most work . I have both and use the F-6 for heavy duty end of the year pruning and the F-2 throughout the summer for average pruning jobs .
 I have a couple of rules about tools that I 've developed for myself , I 'll share one here , do n't buy crap . Most expensive does n't equate best , but do your homework and buy good quality , it will cost you less in the long run.A few years ago I bought a pair of corona `` professional '' pruners after having borrowed my brother-in-laws felco # 2 's . I used them for a couple of cuts and could n't stand them ... so I took them back , which I really do n't like to do much but they just were n't what they were represented to be by the salesman . Which is as good as Felco pruners . -LRB- Corona makes other good products I 'm especially fond of their lopers . -RRB- Then I went to another store -LRB- before I grew so fond of amazon -RRB- and bought some of these . I LOVE THEM . I ca n't say that enough so just in case you missed it , I LOVE THEM . For the last few years I 've used them every year for a good number of trees , shrubs and bushes . They are still sharp , I have n't even had to sharpen them . They cut like the day I bought them . They are so smooth and feel so nice in your hand compared to any of the others I 've used . -LRB- When I was young and dumb I worked landscaping for a while , the boss had a set of these , but we got stuck using whatever else , now I know why ! -RRB- If you want the best hand pruners that will last you at least twice as long , I think you 've found the right pair .
 Ok , I am an ex foreman arborist , now a stay at home dad . You will not find any better pruners . I had bought some cheap $ 5 pruners from HD and the things literally fell apart with the first use . When i was trimming trees I used these same pruners for about 3 years straight and they are AWESOME ! If your reading this then you probably do n't need my advice on buying Felcos , your just trying to pic a model . The #f -2 's are the standard pruner that my old job , Davey Tree , gave to its arborists . They work great and fit the hand perfect . I would suggest this model unless you 've tried others and know what you want . Good Luck and happy Pruning !
 I 've used a pruner for years -LRB- and actually it 's done other work such as cutting baling twine -RRB- and until our nursery man showed me his Felco , I could n't part with the first one . Now I 'm looking for plants that need a `` little tweaking '' . What a joy to use ! With replaceable parts , this pruner with the bright red handles lives up to the Swiss reputation for a quality product . You definitely get what you pay for with this indispensable tool .
 Like most , I hesitated before spending this much on a pruner . Over time , however , I 've tossed away so many cheaper models that , in retrospect I would have been better off financially and less frustrated had I bought the Felco to begin with.The test of a pruner is in its cut . These cut through fairly heavy branches quite easily and without spreading the blades and jamming , which is what ALL the cheaper pruners do . The second consideration is comfort . Felco deals with that by offering the same basic pruner in several models , including one for smaller hands . I find this model comfortable and I wear a medium men 's glove . I do wear gloves when pruning , by the way . Anyone who does not , regardless of the pruner make or model , is inviting blisters!These pruners will rust . There are as many rust-preventive products on the market as leaves on your trees , but what you really want for outdoor tools is a non-drying product . I use Fluid Film , which is lanolin-based . Rust Prevention
 I did n't buy these Felco Pruner 's Online at Amazon . . I 'm a Landscaper that 's been in business and using Felco pruners for well over 6 years I 've used them to cut branches that no other pruners would not . I would NEVER switch to anything else . They never break , and the blade 's are replacable if you ever ding the blade were it can not be repaired . Now that I know there here on Amazon , I plan on buying another pair , just in case I end up losing the one 's I have . There more than worth the money whether your using them for commercial use or just residental . They will cut any hardwood branch you need them to . Garenteed . And for the person who put them as three stars because of rust ; you need to oil them and keep them in better care than leaving them out in the yard at night . . they stay in my truck toolbox even during the winter and as long as you oil them once a week ; they will be fine .
 The quality of these pruners are obvious when you pick them up . They are comfortable to hold , even for my wife 's smaller hands . They slice branches and twigs cleanly and effortlessly . These should be an essential tool for any gardener .
 I have used my original Felco # 2 for 25 years and just purchased a second home and could n't live without one in that location.Barbara Pensell
 I helped with landscaping/pruning questions as a part-time job some years ago , so have had occasion to use many pruners . Felco makes the best out there , with no question in my mind . Fits hands well , cuts like butter . When I lost my Felco of six years , I lasted about two weeks without it . All other substitutes fell below the standard Felco had set .
 I ordered this pruner hesitantly , because of the price -LRB- more than double the price of most pruners -RRB- , but with a lot of pruning and plenty of arthritis , I find that the quality and ease of using this tool make the price seem low , when compared to less expensive pruners . It works well with little effort , cleans up easily , and keeps its edge .
 I think these are the best gardening shears . I find them easy to use , even with arthritis creeping into my hands .
 Love these , high quality , you get what you pay for , ca n't go wrong , pricey but worth it ! Arrived quickly and well packaged .
 There is a good reason why so many people buy from this manufacturer and why almost every professional landscaper owns this product . It is because it is so well made . There are several similar products , depending upon your hand size and the thickness of the items you need to prune . You will probably pass this product on to your grandchildren -LRB- or they may permanently borrow it from you -RRB- .
 We have been using Felco pruners for decades -LRB- maybe 4 or 5 . -RRB- They would never have to be replaced if my wife would stop throwing them out with the yard waste ! Great item -- though expensive -LRB- you get what you pay for . -RRB-
 These work great . They are the best i do n't think I will ever buy another brand of sheers . They are just perfect
 Note to all other pruner manufacturers
 These are a Christmas gift to replace the ones my husband broke . I love all Felco products and know they have an excellent reputation . I look forward to using them later in the winter
 These pruners were recommended in a master gardener class . I have a pair for myself and bought this pair for my son . Outstanding tool !
 Recently purchased so limited use at this point . So far - solid , precise construction and operation ; ergonomic handles/grip . Value priced . Real test will be performance & durability over time .
 Night and day difference between these and the pruners you can get ate your local H *** D **** or L **** . The blades are very sharp and keep their edge .
 This is my second pair of Felco Pruners , they are well worth the money . They stay sharp and can handle all kinds of twigs and branches as well as delicate flowers . I 've tried other pruners and these far surpass any others I 've used . Money well spent !
 I love the Felco pruner . When you see gardeners that have been in the business for awhile they all use the Felco brand .
 I 've used Felco pruners for over 20 years . Every time I 've switched to a `` cheaper '' brand , I 've been disappointed . No more . It 's Felco only from now on . The #F -2 size is perfect for all-around pruning . The grip is comfortable and the blades stay sharp for a long time , and are easy to sharpen when needed . The quick-lock switch is a great , easy-to-use feature and provide an element of safety as well . It 's nothing but Felco 's for me . I use them almost every weekend during my gardening therapy sessions . Do n't skimp , get yourself some Felcos . Oh , I own three other sizes as well !
 I have found Felco pruners and lopers to be the very best . They last ! They are well designed for ease and effectiveness in use . It 's a case of you get what you pay for . Given the number of less expensive pruning shears I 've bought , Felco pruners may even be a great bargain !
 I have had several different types of pruner , but finally decided to spend the extra money and get something that looked well made , easy to use and does the job . This is great and have become a Felco fan from now on .
 As a Christmas Tree farmer , my pruner is my primary tool . This pruner is a workhorse and the only one that any of our employees will use . In fact , I 've never seen another Christmas Tree farmer use anything else . The price means nothing to me , as I 've been using the same pruner for many years . Only the blade is changed .
 I bought these as a graduation present for my daughter who has just taken up gardening . I have used my Felco 's almost daily for 20 years . They are virtually indestructible and can be used everywhere in the garden .
 I 've had mine for a couple of years now and still like them . They 've worn well even though I do n't treat them very well . I 'll admit that I got them in part because of the snob appeal . Every horticulturist I know has a pair of Felco 's in a holster on their belt.You may want to see these in person first , though , before buying them on Amazon . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and have pretty big hands , but the F-2s seem a tad big even for me . Maybe think about getting the F-6 . The price on Amazon was considerably lower than my local garden centers ' .
 I am very pleased with the Felco Classic pruner . It is strong , accurate and lightweight . I cut and trim everything from roses and volunteer seedlings to 25ft high bamboo . I have used 3 pruners over the past 30 years , and I feel confident that this will be the last pruner I buy and will last me another 30 years .
 This is the best hand pruner I have ever owned . I like it so well that I let my neighbor use it and now he is getting two of them , one for himself and one for his brother .
 I have used many , less expensive pruners over the years and never thought much about them . After attending a rose seminar , I decided to invest in a pair of really good pruners . What a difference !! Much easier cuts ! Blades are so much sharper and give clean , smooth cuts that will be better for health of my roses . I like the feature that allows for replacement of parts , although the rosarian who gave the seminar I attended was using her mother 's Felco pruners that were over 40 years old !!
 There are many look-alike hand pruners -LRB- all made cheaply in China -RRB- on the market and I have bought half a dozen over the years . My experience is they soon cut poorly , are imprecise , are hard on your hands , fall apart.Because the pruner is an essential gardening tool , I finally decided to spend the money and get the Felco F-2 . I am glad I did . It makes gardening work so much easier , faster . This pruner is well-designed , super sharp , sturdy , well-made . I do not think I will need to buy another pruner for years.I also bought and recommend the leather holster so the tool is always safely at hand when I am in the garden .
 This is an espensive pruner - no doubt about it ! Compared to my old one it is like night and day . This thing cuts well , smoothly , easily . It seems to fit the hand almost as if custom made . It comes with sharpening instructions should you ever need it . Best of all it comes with a complete parts list so you can replace a broken or damaged part should that unlikely event take place . I suspect my grandson might inherit this item because I think it 's gon na last forever!Once again buying quality is the best long term bargain . No more orange handled products for me .
 I just purchased my second Felco F-2 as my thirty-year old one was becoming worn . After getting the new one , I disassembled the old one , cleaned the rust off the handle lock , sharpened the blade , and reassembled it . Except for the plastic worn off the tip of the handle you can not tell them apart , either visually or mechanically . Now , my wife and I wo n't have to share one pair anymore !
 These pruners are simply the best ! They are second to none with quality materials and replaceable parts . I know from over 40 years experience with gardening .
 I looked in regular stores for a good pruner but only found the low quality Chinese stuff . I then searched online for a pruner made in the US but found this swiss pruner . It is great , cuts like butter and of good solid quality . I am sure I will still have and use it in 10 years whereas the Chinese stuff ends up in the trash after 6 months . I wish consumers would complain more about the low quality stuff that is on the market these days and pay a few $ $ $ extra and then get something quality made .
 This hand pruner is wonderful ! It cuts through 1 inch branches like butter , it 's easy on my hand , and the locking feature stays where I set it . With other pruners , the latch or slide-lock would lock on me while I was using it . This one stays unlocked until I lock it . With lots of bushes to prune , this very well-designed pruner makes my work much easier .
 Having used many brands of pruners through the years I think I have found the perfect tool . Sharp blades , opens and closes effortlessly and the lock close switch does what it should and what more can you ask .
 Like many others , I was reluctant to pay this much for a set of hand pruners . I had a nice pair of Fiskars and they worked very well . At least I thought so until I tried these . They make quick work of everything . They are solid and heavy - and razor sharp . We got them primarily for roses - and for that they excel . The Fiskars are good for newer roses but these are outstanding for even are older larger stock . Old tough half inch stems are no match for the Felcos . They also work great on our oleanders and ficus plants - some of which can be too much for the Fiskars.I ca n't imagine there is a better pair on the market . I 'm sorry I let a few bucks get in the way of buying these years ago .
 I needed to replace my lost/misplaced Felco 2 pruner and this was the best value since S/H was included
 Exceptional tool , easy , comfortable grip . I have used many other brands and this one is at the top my list .
 any gardener worth their stuff uses felco tools . i received my original pair from a botanist/horticulturalist & author of 3 books & newspaper columnist . what more can i say ? felco is the best
 I got these for my husband 's birthday gift but I tried them out and I am trimming everything . It is actually fun they are so easy to use . I do n't have good hand strength and that is OK as you do n't need it with this tool . It is the best , cuts clean instead of bending like our old ones did . I am so happy I read the reviews and bought this tool , that is why I am reviewing these pruners so you will get the best also.gracalie
 Just received my Felco F2 pruners and am actually relieved!I had a pair for just shy of a quarter century until borrowed and lost ... my bad.The new pair is identical to the original except missing the rust on the blade -LRB- 24 years accumulation -RRB- . The new ones sit on the kitchen counter by the back door now , just where my old friend waited me for so many years . I did n't realize until I set them there how just that alone was missed . Now I hope to enjoy another 24 + years of strenuously abusing a fine swiss implement without fear of it failing me . Oil ? Maybe five times since I bought that old friend , latex from mulberries and a shot of spit kept 'em cutting limbs that would fold some loppers.Do your trees , shrubs , wrist and tendons a favor and buy some piece of mind for $ 54 . -LRB- Wife pays more for a hair cut -RRB-
 My husband was tired of replacing &#34; so-called &#34; great pruners . Being a retired licensed landscape architect , he wanted pruners that would hold up for the many shrubs and plants in our yard . This one &#34; fits the bill &#34; . He is delighted with the sharpness and it 's so easy to use . Definitely worth the money if you prune a lot and need dependability .
 this was a replacement purchase ... never leave the house without it ... comfortable even in my arthritic old hands ... remember to keep blades clean and lubricated
 As far as I know , these are state of the art . Feel great in my hand and get the job done cleanly with little effort .
 Was given one of these as a gift about 15 years ago and still have it ! I decided to buy one for my wife so that I could keep mine handy ! Great !
 My husband asked for a new pruner for Father 's Day . I had heard and read about the Felco Pruner and ordered it . It is phenomenal and makes the job of dead heading and trimming so easy .
 Swiss Made - Buy it , you will not be disappointed . Be sure to keep the sap cleaned off the blades as it will cause some sticking over time . These pruners are always on my belt when I am in the garden .
 Very well made . Cuts well . Only have it one season . We 'll see how sharp it stays with use . So far , cutting edge seems clean and materials appear to be top notch . Keep it clean , well-oiled , and sharp !!! UPDATE : Still rating 5 stars !! After 4 seasons , somewhat discolored but nowhere near `` rusty '' as some have found . Have sharpened only twice . I 'm a `` moderate '' user . If you 're a pro -LRB- use it everyday -RRB- I would expect more sharpening is required depending on the wood you 're cutting . In any event , I have n't seen a better made , longer lasting pruner .
 I am enjoying using my Felco # 2 Hand Pruners . They were recommended to me by fellow Master Gardeners as the best pruners they had found . I agree .
 Easy to handle and cut quickly . I find these better to use than anvil pruners and they should stay sharper longer .
 Like another commented , this item is prone to rust . After just one use I went to use them again and the blade was coated in rust : -LRB- Update : I will add however , that the rust does n't impact the performance any .
 Been doing a lot of work around the yard , and my last pair has nearly lasted me 3 years now !
 After ten years of pruning my old Felco gave up . The new one is great and the price has not inflated . I ordered one for my son recently and he loves it as well .
 These are the standard for pruning shears . Expensive but will last a lifetime . I have a new pair and an older pair that I inherited from an uncle - he used his for years and years and they 're just as good as the new ones I bought .
 These are like a fine tool , compared with the mass-produced `` Made in China '' junk pumped out by the big box stores.When you squeeze the handles the blades make a sound like scissors . These are precise , and extremely sharp shears , watch your fingers!Today I was out cutting some low-growing shoots on a large tree , most were 1/2 inch in diameter , but some were 1 3/4 inch and this cut through them like butter . It 's hard to overstate how good these pruners are.The cast aluminum design does not flex out when cutting , like most of the stamped steel models out there . I was mulling over whether to get the Felco F7 model , with rotating handle , but there is no need , these are wonderful pruners.I do give them a spray of WD-40 after each use , to ensure no rust of the blades.A no-brainer purchase , make your life easier , and save time , with a good pair of pruners .
 Very sharp and great for all your pruning needs . Took a landscape design class and my teacher said these are a must have for any gardener . They will last forever !
 I have used the pruner one time since the purchase and they have met my expecations of a high end product
 I bought the Felco F-2 hand pruner recently because I wanted a new pair after using my others for over 35 years . The old ones are still usable and better than most other new ones you would buy that are not Felco . Felco are by far the very best hand pruners you can buy . They are expensive but worth every penny . Once you use these high quality pruners you will throw your others away , if you have any . In the long run they are the best buy because with very little or no care they will last indefinitely . I used to grow roses and bought my original Felso hand pruners because they were recommended by the rose growers I dealt with -- and they really gave me good advice . These hand pruners are in a class by themselves .
 This is a really nice pruner . First off it is just substantial , when you first pick it up there is a heft to them . Handle has a nice curve to it and feel . Blades are really excellent with precision fit and being removable is really a nice feature . You really get what you pay for and this is a nice pruner for the money , I see them in my future for some time .
 Bought this pruner in 1975 as proffesionals reccomended ... sharpen every year ... would not trade them for a new pair . Very easy to run stone on edge to keep sharp ... occaisional clean and oil ... have tried others but none work as well ... design has n't changed so new would be better ... emotional attachment feels like an old pal ... so if they ever break I would repair them myself .
 A Master Gardener suggested the Felco F-2 pruner to me . It 's a bit expensive but will purportedly last a lifetime . Parts are replaceable unlike the cheaper pruners . I bought mine used -LRB- a slight discount -RRB- and so far so good . The real proof will come 2-3 years from now when most cheaper pruners begin to stick .
 This pruner works much better than the Friska clippers that I have . I am very pleased with these clippers .
 I love my Felco pruner ! I 'm now 68 years old and my pruner is aging along with me but still cuts like new . I am going to order some spare parts so my Felco will last longer than me . I use it for trimming brush & pruning trees , cutting tips for wreath making and cutting flowers & vines . It does an excellent job . Even though I 'm petite -LRB- 95 lbs -RRB- and have arthritic hands , I am able to use this tool with no problem . Whenever I see my husband trying to `` borrow '' my Felco from my toolbox , I remind him not to forget to return it to where he found it . I would be lost without it .
 I was introduced to the Felco # 2 hand pruners at a public garden where I work . Now I wo n't use anything else . Size # 2 is best for all-around use . Great quality , precise cuts , fits your hand easily . Used by many professionals . Amazon price much lower than if you purchased them in person at a garden center .
 Over the years I have purchased multiple pruners but I am pleased to have finally found the one that is worth the price ! Recommended by seasoned gardeners and it truly is the best .
 i 've been a profesional arborist since 1988 and i 've used many brands of hand shears . Felco is the best of them all ! i 'm left handed so i use the # 9 and # 10 -LRB- rotating handle -RRB- . i 'm reading a few reviews that say they rust . if you dry them off and use a little oil when done this will not be an issue . also , they 're completely rebuildable . all parts can be replaced if need be . i actually love to take mine apart clean them up and put them back together . they come with a little tool just for this purpose . keep the tool handy ! -LRB- it fits in a wallet or on a key chain -RRB- they may need adjustments from time to time . BTW ~ i use the Felco cone shaped holster . it soon takes the shape of the pruner and holds them snug inside . -LRB- it also needs care , use a leather conditioning oil -RRB- it clips on your belt , pants pocket or climbing harness.not only do my Felco hand pruners get the job done at work but i take them camping and on some vacations . they sometimes accompany my dog and i in heavily wooded parks as well . i 've scribed my phone number , with a rotary tool , on the handle.i 'm confident you will love this tool and with some care they will last for many , many years !
 I 've used these pruners throughout many a gardening season and they 've never let me down . You can replace the blades if you need to and the grips are very comfortable . Very well made pruners !
 I treated myself to a new pair of these a few years ago ... good investment!There is simply no substitution for quality . I have been using the Felco pruner for years ; more years than I can remember and these tools are the best of the best . Yes , you pay more for them but it is well worth the extra cost.There are a few things to remember about these wonderful tools : First , they are a bit prone to rust . Most good pruning tools have this in common as it is the steel that they are made from that does it . I have found that simply wiping them off with a paper towel and then wiping them down with an oily rag after use will pretty well take care of the problem . It is interesting to note that I bought a pair of these pruners a few years ago at an auction . They were ancient and completely covered with rust . I paid .25 cents for them . A bit of rust remover , oil and elbow grease along with a good sharpening had them working like new in no time . I still use them.Secondly , these pruners are easy to take apart and it is very easy to replace any part . This is particularly handy when it comes to the blade . To keep these instruments in top working order they need to be kept sharp . The scissors action is far superior to the anvil type in both easy of cutting and less damage to the plant . They must be kept shape though . Fortunately this is not difficult but it is the nature of any blade that eventually you will not be able to sharpen it and it will have to be replaced . This is a snap.Thirdly , I have noted from working with others and talking to others that the major reason for dissatisfaction with this tool or any such pruner is that it will not `` cut . '' Upon examination I have found that the reason for this not cutting is almost invariably the fact that people ask the pruner to do more than it was built to do ... i.e. trying to cut limbs that are too large . This is NOT a lopper . This is not a cross cut or a chain saw ! It has its limitations ! Use the proper tool for the job and there is seldom a problem.Fourth , the model being reviewed here could indeed , as pointed out by several reviewers , be too large for smaller hands . I suggest a smaller model . They cut as well and fit the hand better . They simply can not cut as large a limb or twig as this one does.Fifth , you can indeed buy pruners for as little as five bucks ... you can buy dozens and dozens of them over the years ; and trust me , if you use them a lot , you will be buying replacements constantly . Overall , it is far more economical to go ahead and buy the best , as represented here , and have something that if taken care of , will last far longer than you will.This is a good tool and if it is taken care of and not abused , it will last you a lifetime.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
 saved a ton of money . Sure , you can tell they are used , but they came with the original packaging and the tool itself has little wear and tear . Worth it , for me .
 I tend to get a bit overenthusiastic with my pruners , and use them on large branches that would be more well suited for a pruning saw or lopper . I broke several pairs of cheaper pruners before receiving my Felco . I have had mine for around 5 years , and they are still like new . You can really crank on these without fear of breaking them !
 these clippers are fantastic for the serious gardner . and well worth the price . i 've seen them elsewhere for $ 70 + .
 The Felco F2 Classic Hand Pruner is worth every penny you pay.It makes yard work twice as easy . I had a pruner for years , a hand me down that finally broke . Our yard has quite a few Limelight hydrangeas that require pruning each year . The Felco makes yard work easy .
 I use my Felco-2 to prune over 50 fruit trees , each season . Their the BEST and defiantly worth paying a little more than the ones that sold in big box stores .
 The Felco F-2 lives up to its billing and price . Having grown tired of paying $ 15-30 for pruning shears only to have them break or choke when pruning larger branches these guys are the real deal . Although a bit pricier than some they are very well made , do the job without fail , and are ergonomically very comfortable to use . I use them for everything from cutting back privet to pruning tomato plants . The replaceable cutter is also a big bonus .
 Often imitated - never duplicated . These are the real deal . The first time Felco pruners were put in my hands I fell in love . Everything else I have ever used has felt inadequate and sometimes junky . These things will last a lifetime.I bought these on Amazon because I lost my other pair a few years ago and was finally sick of using cheap crap while waiting for the others to turn up . I was tilling the garden shortly after ordering these and low and behold I tilled up my old Felco 2 's ! I was so sad . They had been buried in the garden for 2 years and were covered in crap . I washed them off to discover the damage . I quickly realized that aside from scratching the red handle during the tilling process and some rust on blades -LRB- replaceable -RRB- I was able to take them apart , clean , and oil . Now they work perfectly again . I was sold all over .
 I had a cheap pruner that became really awkward to use -LRB- the spring bent , and then it kept falling out -RRB- ; the handle was falling apart , etc. . Instead of buying another cheap pruner that would fall apart after a couple of years , I decided to spend a little extra and get one that would last . I 'm very pleased with this Felco . I visited their website first in order to make sure I was getting the model that was right for me -LRB- and to view all of their models and their differences -RRB- . I use the pruner for small tree branches , shrubs , and flowers . It cuts clean and easy with minimal effort . It fits well in my hand . And it is built to last . I highly recommend it . I suspect that this is the last hand pruner that I will need to buy -LRB- and that was my intention -RRB- .
 I lost my Felcos last year -LRB- I 've had them for maybe 5 years -RRB- . Found them this year when cleaning out the last of the leaf mulch pile . They were still in their leather sheath , which was wet . The Felcos still worked fine ! A bit of lube and I unscrewed everything . There was some corrosion on the aluminum and steel that mostly came off with steel wool . The blade had the most corrosion , but was still serviceable . There was only a hint of rust on the spring . Even the leather sheath is still serviceable , after drying out and much Lexol . You can tell the Felcos are not brand new , but that bit of corrosion is a badge of honor!These are my favorite pruners - they hold an edge well , are easy to sharpen , they fit my hand better than anything else , and are easy to hang onto when working . I have another major brand pruner -LRB- less expensive -RRB- that I use too , but Felcos are more rugged and versatile and definitely worth the price .
 These are swiss made and are top quality . We use them in the mountains to clean out foliage and trim branches up to 1/2 '' . They always do the job !! I have n't found a better manual pair .
 These are the best pruners . Amazon had the best price , too . I received them in two days . Free mailing , no tax . What could be better ? Thanks for great values !!!
 I have small hands and the grip felt comfortable right away . The handles are slim but ergonomic and are designed so the fingers and palm wrap around comfortably to give more leverage . My old corona clippers have thicker and less ergonomic handles and I have to use more of my arm and shoulder for a cut . I have n't had the Felco clippers for very long so I do n't know how it will last after years of garden use -LRB- or abuse -RRB- but this product has been recommended by gardening friends of all sizes .
 The finest pruners I have ever owned . Solid construction and excellent cutting ability . If you have smaller hands , consider a smaller size but for me they are exactly what I need .
 This will be the only clipper you will ever need and it will last a lifetime if you take care of it ! Sharpens easily and new blades and parts can be purchased!Felco rocks !
 Just purchased and finished first weekend of spring pruning our 21 rose bushes . The Felco F-2 pruning shears worked very well ; made cuts that our old reliable -LRB- other brand -RRB- pruners could not . I was originally concerned about the weight , as they are a little heavier than my existing ` hardware store ' pruning shears , but that was not a problem at all . The handles and finger grips are very ergonomically friendly , and ease of cutting makes up for any weight difference . They seem to be exceptionally well made of quality materials and no rivets to loosen up . The test will be in the long term with blade stamina , corrosion , the grips not wearing or splitting , and the spring staying agile . The good news is these blades are replaceable , however at about two or three times the cost of standard hardware store pruning shears , I would expect the blades to last at least twice as long . For now , I rate them a 5 star , but they are new , so we 'll see how they hold up .
 These are the classic . If you are looking for the best these are them . Just ask any landscaper , as they will all have a pair hanging off their belt .
 We already had one but wanted another so both of us could use them at the same time . My husband and I both ordered one within two days of each other without knowing that the other had also ordered . That 's just fine , now we have three just in case we misplace one . We have never found any other brand that we liked as well .
 Wish I would have bought one of these decades ago , great product but can buy it cheaper elsewhere as it turned .
 These are worth the investment , best pruners around , very sharp , clean and easy cuts . Tried and true . I am an avid gardener and these go with me everywhere . If you are looking for your first pruner this is it and go with an F-2 for shrubs , roses .
 Yeah , we 've been hearing about this product for years with nothing but rave reviews . Well , the hype is true . This is a great tool -LRB- pruner -RRB- and you 'll never buy another brand . This is my second one with my other lasting well over 12 years . For some reason I thought I needed another pruner -LRB- after all , all of my others lasted only a year or two at peak efficiency -RRB- so I bought a new one -LRB- and the F6 for my wife , which she loves also -RRB- , but still use my original F2 for most of my cuts , saving the new one for special cuts for special shrubs . What a great product and Amazon 's price is hard to beat .
 Works perfectly for pruning all the plants in my yard , from roses to hydranges . I have arthritis and the tool is comfortable in my hand and easy to use .
 This is the best on the market . I have tried many other brands of by-pass pruners and this far out performs them . It is worth every penny and more !
 I have several white roses and these work well with those . I also used them to prune some small peach branches -LRB- not the best time of year , but it 's the neighbors ' coming over my fence , so I do n't care -RRB- , and I had to apply some pressure but they cut through those . The picture instructions for making adjustments to the tightness etc. are a little cryptic , but if I ever need to do that , I 'll find someone who has more experience with tools . Now if I can keep from losing these with the yard waste , like the last pair and probably the pair before that .
 Why fool around with 2nd class puners if you use one a lot . sometimes it just pays to bite the bullit and get the best .
 I have n't owned these long enough to know how they will stand the test of time , but they seem very well made , have a sharp blade , are comfortable , and have smooth action . I like that you can swap out the blade after you 've sharpened it too many times . Mine came with a tiny tool that can be used to take apart the pruners , replace the blade , etc. . Seems like something that will be lost instantly . Would have appreciated it if they had designed this to store on the pruner body somehow . Also , the aluminum is roughed up a bit towards the tip of the pruner . I am assuming this is part of manufacturing process but it looks more like someone drug it on the concrete or something . The rest of the tool is finished nicely .
 I have bought 3 of these pruners , one for myself and others as gifts . After having tryed several other brands , they are the best pruners I have ever used . They fit well in my hand , are sturdy and very well made . My daughter lost her 's in the garden . I found them while weeding several months later . I cleaned them up , oiled them and sharpened the blades -LRB- which really turned out to be unnecessary since I sliced my finger doing it -RRB- . It 's a year later and they are working like a champ , still sharp and easy on the hands .
 Great pruners , worth the price . After several purchases of inexpensive pruners , I finally purchased the Felco . Would have saved a lot of money if I had started with the Felco .
 The clippers , although rather expensive are comfortable , effective and well made . The steel blades do get sticky and require clean up and WD40 before you put them away .
 I have bought many clippers in the past to avoid buying an expensive one but what a waste . This is the only one . It is comfortable to use and cuts through branches like no other . Too bad I waited so long .
 I have been buying Fiskers and Corona shears from the local big box stores for some time now and they seem to last about 1 season if I am lucky . After probably spending $ 75 - $ 100 on what I consider to be junk over the last 5 years I decided to seek out something better . I found the reviews for the Felco models here on Amazon to be so impressive it seemed like a no brainer to get something that would last at least 10 years for less than the cost of 3 pairs of the `` junk '' shears I had been buying.My first impression when trimming my roses was WOW . Seriously why the heck had I been buying anything else for all these years . These will give a nice clean cut on all your plants and make trimming back , dead-heading and simple plant maintenance a true pleasure . I have been cutting small tree branches and thick rose stems with ease . Making a clean 45 degree angled cut is not a problem and does n't crush the stems and branches . I also enjoy that I get nice clean cuts on my roses that I bring in the house to put in bud vases every few days.One thing I want to point out is BE CAREFUL , these are REALLY sharp and can cut your skin without a chance to blink your eye . I have just barely touched the blade on the pruners by not paying close attention to my task and have put slice in my finger like a knife to warm butter.These are a great investment and I ca n't see any gardener who trys them that would want to without them now .
 I 've gardened for many years and always wanted a good pair of secateurs but could never afford a top brand like Felco . I found some Felco pruners on Amazon at a good price and went for it . What a pleasure to use a good pair of secateurs . I 've wasted more money buying inferior secateurs over the years with regret . My garden knows that I have a new pair of Felcos believe me ! Now I 've just have to learn to make sure that I 'm pruning branches and not my fingers !! Do n't buy inferior gardening equipment as it in the long term is a waste of money . These secateurs will outlive me for sure.Regards , Sumner BergPO Box 247Beechworth , Victoria 3747Australia
 Um , it 's a screw driver . It turns screws.It has a good feel to it . Perfect filler item to get free shipping .
 We were very pleased with how fast we received this product . I was a little leery about the product itself given the fact the large hardware stores -LRB- i.e. Home Depot and Lowes -RRB- no longer sell these replacement batteries , but the product was exactly what we needed . We 're very , very happy .
 The only problem that I have found with this tool pouch so far is that when you put your longer handled tools in the bag it makes it impossible to zip it up for convenient carrying , which is one of the main reasons that I had purchased this one , instead of a leather type tool pouch . However , with that being said I have just used mine open all the time to accommodate for this problem . All in all , it is a great bag with just enough pockets for any electrician or automation technicians job . Small enough that it is lighter than the handle or bucket type but big enough to put most of the tools that you use out in the field in . This was a great decision on my part to purchase this bag . You will not be disappointed with this tool pouch !
 I do n't like wearing a `` tool belt '' all the time and often lost tools when my lumbering gait bounced tools right out of my bags . This solved that problem by allowing me to zip the whole thing shut when wearing it with a belt , and also helped prevent the problem when worn with the shoulder strap like a satchel . I also like the heavy duty handle to carry it like a tool box.This pouch has the ideal size to carry my cable TV installation/disconnection tools perfectly and keep everything in easy reach . My tools stay secure , without falling too deep to be fished out by a blind one handed grab . The material seems heavy enough for my use , and so far I could n't be happier with the purchase.Mine like some of the others did not have the cheap looking mesh on the flap either , much to my relief and simply featured a nice zippered pocket .
 I bought this bag when I was a technician for the local cable company . It easily was able to hold all the tools needed when entering a customer home from cutters , crimpers , strippers , screwdrivers , ends and adapters.My log-term career is as an I.T. engineer . I still use the bag as my `` Generic cabling bag '' I keep it in the back of my car always . With this bag I am able to carry all the tools I may or may not need to tone out a cable , cut and crimp coax , CAT5 , CAT4 , signal cable , low voltage lighting and regular 110/120 power cable . I grab this bag to fix an electric outlet , or to check a network cable for continuity.Yes , the bag is full , but it is able to securely hold all the basic tools and more importantly they do n't fall out between jobs .
 This is an exccelent product , I work maint for a vary large company.I work around powdered milk production machines.This bag keeps powder away from my tools after I sanitize them.I love it . Im looking into getting the rest of my maint crew to buy one.all 45 of them .
 High Quality pouch . Much better than expected . A little large with funny layout of tool pockets . Also is a little inflexible for settling on hip . Should cost $ 50 for the high quality . Going to try the one with tool tray in bottom .
 I bought this tool pouch about 8 years ago and still use it . I 'm a control systems technician and need to carry a wide assortment of hand tools , gadgets and test equipment . This pouch has a lot of little dividers and loops to help organize the screwdrivers , wrenches , pliers and what have you . The large pocket on the body side is really nice for larger things and could hold mid-sized manuals or other thin items as well as test leads , a small thin box of connectors or ??? The tape roll holder is sweet for your Scotch 33 and teflon tape . I do n't use the hammer loop . I worry too much about the possibility of dropping things when I 'm up on a ladder . I have n't found a reasonably sized pouch that has better organization ... not that this bag is that good ... just that the others are worse . The fact that I 'm still using it 8 years later is a good recommendation , although I would dump it in a minute for one with better features , I have n't seen one yet that seems better ... and I 'm always looking.The pouch seems well made with sturdy zippers , good stitching and rugged fabric . I 'll have to admit I 'm pretty easy on it though . It does n't get thrown around a lot and the zippers are n't used all that often . The small zippered pocket on the flap side should be larger or pleated , maybe with some internal dividers or velcro pockets . Mine does n't have the see-through mesh fabric . The carrying sling gave out after a couple of years -LRB- it kept letting go at one end -RRB- and I replaced it with a strap off a high quality computer bag . The hand carrying handle is pretty good for short distances if you do n't want to use the sling strap . My pouch is full to the brim and then some so closing it up with the zipper is a no go . I just have to be careful about how I wedge it into the truck box so that it does n't spill its guts.My main gripe about these bags is that they are made of black fabric on the inside . All of the inside should be light grey or light brown in order to see all the little gismos that get lost in the dark recesses of the black bag . Go ahead , try to find that errant black allen wrench that dropped out of its holder . Good luck ! I often work in underground vaults and poorly lighted places and finding all my little gadgets in this bag could be a lot easier if it was n't black on the inside . OK , so it does n't ' show dirt -- big deal ! I 'd rather be able to find my stuff without having to whip out my flashlight.I have n't found the 5 star tool pouch yet . I 'm still hoping someone out there is willing to ask the trades people what they really want instead of assuming they already have it all figured out .
 I am a casino engineer in Las Vegas and have searched for the best bag to be lightweight , comfortable , with good quanity of storage . The handle is built into the upper portion of bag , and although there is more fabric than needed it 's still built in so there is little bag bounce . Second , this bag hold alot of tools . So much I dont keep it full as it would be heavy . Quality is top notch -LRB- And I have had Veto 's , Kleins , Lenox bags and various others -RRB- it holds it own in that elite catorgoery . Last but not the least the back that rubbers against you when carrying is padded with a large pocket -LRB- can I say , it 's F'ing awesome -RRB- . Only downside , is placed your tools in the right size pockets , undersized tools in the front of the larger tool section fall deep under the rest of the pockets only to access reaching down in there if its empty . The pockets are not opened bottomed , but the bag is built with the pockets sewn into the large mouth about an inch from the bottom of the floor.Other than the not so downside , but comman sense dont do , this bag rocks in every way . I keep the zipper close with 12 '' knipex wrenches in the back of the main pockets and when needed the double x needle nose fit very well in one of the side pockets . There is no downside , if you are a common sense blue collar unsnobby individual . Even the strap pad has pockets -LRB- small but usefull at times -RRB-
 I bought this product 11 years ago when I started working as an electrician . The only difference being mine is all black . In 11 years I have not found another bag that works as well for me . All of my tools have their spot so I know immediately if one of them is missing . My only minor gripes are that the clasps on the shoulder strap broke around the 6 year mark and just the other day the rivits that hold the handle together broke off , which is why I am now buying another one . Also it can be hard to zip all the way closed if you have to many longer tools . I also wish it was just a little bit bigger but all in all a great bag . Oh and another thing , the handle is the perfect size to hold a drill . Just slip it through the handle and the battery will hold it in place .
 At first i was not sure if buying this bag was going to be a good idea . But i was quickly proven wrong . It turns out i enjoy using it . I use it every day . I 'm a Maintenance Tech required to fix many different items and every tool i need is right with me for any trouble shooting and quick fixes.I do n't use the zipper option mine stays open all the time and i hav n't really had any problems with tools falling out but if i were traving its a nice option .
 Reviewed by my husband Charles
 ok so no review i have read about on this particular tool bag has done its justice this bag is an amazing work of artso far every thing you have read or saw shows a distorted view of this bag for instance in the picture it shows a OLD meter vice gripps ???? is this a joke ... what looks to be some no name brand plier handles and dosent look like this bag has many pockets or if it does thay are either too small or some are too big or that you can fit any more tools than pictured i can tell you that this bag will fit and be able to zip up and close journey man series kleins -LRB- side cutters -RRB- needle nose dykes wire strippers 11 in 1 conduit reamer razor knife '' beater '' screw driver philips flat head screwdrivers roto split -LRB- on and out side pocket -RRB- number books 1/2 9/16 3/8 3/4 wrenches a meter -LRB- if you want -RRB- a a set of 1/4 5 16 / 3/8 7/16 1/2 nut setters for your drill 2 pair of chanel locks 2 fairly long levels lock out tag outs key hole saw hammer if you want -LRB- i use my kleins -RRB- and still has spare pockets for misc things like hole saws pilot bits or control screw drivers on the back of this bag is a soft padded mesh that is very comfortable and above that just under the belt loops is a hidden zipperd pocket thats is great for an uglys book your wallet and your keys at it has a cell phone pocket on the outside with elastic strechy material to secure it in place and velcro atached to that flap that will velcro to the botom of the bag to keep the flap out of your way when its not zipped upalso these is no mesh webbing on the flap of this bag -LRB- even tho the picture shows there is -RRB- wich worked well for me cuz i keep my lock out tag outs and lock in there and thats one of those things some people dont have and they are always asking to borrow so now i have a hiding spot for stuff like and i can lie to them and say i dont have 1basicy this bag will hold and efectivly organize more tools than your back and leg muscles can handle the shoulder strap is a nice touch help even out some of the weight i would recomend just carying the tools you need for 1 task at a time 5 stars for an awsome tool bag
 Very nicely made and sturdy design ! Larger than expected and can handle a lot of tools at once . Has a comfortable shoulder strap making it easy to lug around .
 The only thing I might like to add would be a clip for my tape measure , but if anything this pouch already suffers from too much neat stuff . All my regular tools fit , and even a tape measure can fit inside the zippered compartment - and I can even put a lock on the zipper if I 'm going to leave this for a while in a gang box . The shoulder strap does a great job to help distribute the weight if it 's full . Altogether a well designed and well constructed product , and several co-workers have already been asking where I got it .
 IT IS GOOD BUT IT DOESNT STAND UP BY ITSELF , IT FOOLS DOWN WHEN YOU LEAVE IT IN THE FLOOR . EVERYTHING ELSE IS GOOD .
 Was really surprised that it got to me so quick . Well before stated date . This tool bag is perfect for the type of service work I do . I like the fact it has a zipper top so I do n't lose any tools .
 Ca n't close zipper with just the essential network engineer 's tools . It would be 4.5 stars if it was a tad bigger .
 I have not yet used this item , but have given a four star rating based on its obvious excellent quality of workmanship and durable construction . If it was not quite as spendy , I would likely give a five star rating .
 Without repeating all the Pros others have written , this is one great tool carrier . I 'm a technician in the Wireless Communications Field and on occasion I have to travel up mountain sides to get to our sites , recently while riding up Pleasant Mt. on a Ranger I was able to zip up this pouch and through it in the back without issue . I use the external slot for my Klein 11 in 1 , and even that did not come out on the ride . I would score the LeatherCraft 1509 five stars if the pouch would stand upright on its own . The shoulder pad stays put and the padded handle is comfortable to carry also . I hang the loaded pouch from one of the D-rings in the back of my truck and there is no signs of wear or damage as of yet .
 This will be the second of these I have owned . I 'm an HVAC tech and I use this every day . The last one only lasted 7 years until I bought something else . A note it did not ware out . It 's been 5 years and I have a new one and it 's as good as I remember . I even made the boss buy some for work .
 I bought this tool bag to put electrical maintenance tools and it 's perfect . There are numerous pockets to hold everything from my tong meter & tone generator to a pair of scissors . I like the fact that the flap secures tools when not in use and the flap contains a compartment for test leads . The shoulder strap is handy , there is a carrying handle and a loop to run a belt through.With regards to the shoulder strap I thought it was silly but it is incredibly convenient . When carrying tools from my car I sling it over my shoulder and have hands free to carry other stuff-nice feature .
 Now , I know enough to tell you that guy 's tool pouches are almost as personal as a woman 's purse ! I am NOT a licensed electrician , but I do enough of that work that I 'm familiar with most of their tools and where I want the tools to be when I need them . This pouch is adequate in this respect . Being able to zip the main compartment shut is sweet ! A builder 's pouch will cost you time looking for missing tools after tossing it into the back of a truck very many times . One item I would have liked to had on this unit is a metal tape measure clip . I will probably scarf one off of something else and rivet it to this one . The shoulder strap `` works for me '' too . All in all , very functional .
 When i purchaced this item online , it was difficult to see exactly what i was buying but i really wanted to try a zippered pouch in order to keep my tools safe from time to time . What i recieved was more than what i expected and more than what the picture and details offer you . Its hard to see how the pockets are arranged and for some like me , it is crucial they be placed accordingly . I am an electrician and it holds more than what i could care to bring but that is good in that the room is there when you need it . This bag has space !! If you can picture one pouch placed inside another one with a zippered flap , then this is what you have . Not only do you have the regular pockets but you have a whole other outer barrier of inbetween space to do with as you please.There is a difference in the bag that i recieved and the one shown here . The mesh on the front flap is no longer present -LRB- at least not on mine -RRB- . This is not inconvenient but rather better as i could see my leads getting caught in the mesh . Just be aware of this tidbit.I like that it has a range of possibilities in which to carry it . From shoulder to handle to belt . The only thing if you are thinking about carrying this on your belt ... it is big . I would reccomend a light load as it is not a smart weight distributor hanging off your hip.Ive been in the plumbing , carpentry , framing and now electrical field for quite some time now and i will say that this pouch along with my VETO PRO-PAC XL is the best combination i have ever owned .
 I do a fair amount of low voltage work , ethernet , video , audio , security as well as some 110/220 work and for many years I have been searching for the `` perfect '' technician 's tool carrier . I used to use a tool belt with a telco lineman 's pouch , then plastic tool boxes , cloth pouches and even attache ' tool cases . The 1509 is pretty much a perfect combination in that it has lots of holders to keep tools in place , is durable cloth and lightweight , has a nice rubber handle , and a zippered flap to keep tools from falling out - or jumping out and running away as they sometimes appear to do.A lot of thought went into the design of this pouch and about the only thing I 'd like to see added is the ability of the pouch to stand up but that may be hard to design since the weight of the tools varies by user . They do make a stand-up pouch but it 's heavier and does n't close up like this one . A nice feature is the well padded shoulder strap.How much do I like it ? I 've just ordered another one . At under thirty bucks you ca n't beat it at twice the price .
 This is a great quality tool bag , plentiful pockets , fits more tools than I ever thought possible . Although I am very happy with the tool pouch and will be keeping it . The tool pouch I received is not the same as Amazon pictured , it lacks the front netting pocket . I provided an actual picture of the tool pouch for future buyers . I did not detract any stars since this is great tool pouch . But giving Amazon two stars ** for this oversight .
 This pouch has everything I wanted . I climb utility poles and needed something that would hold everything securely . This pouch holds everything you coud want , has a zippered section , and has a nice padded back where it rubs on the leg . All in all a great buy .
 It 's hard to know exactly how a product is made/put together until you see it up close and This tool bag is a tough . I do n't use The pouch on the back/padded side but someone might . The flap closure feature -LRB- securing all tools inside the bag -RRB- is nicer than I expected and it helps the pouch stand upright when you have it velcroed in the open position . When secured nothing falls out of or into the bag . I use the zippered pouch located on the inside of the flap closure for spare markers , pencils and pens along with a small spiral note pad and construction calculater . I do n't put my phone in the phone pouch but other tools have ended up in there from time to time . Over-all a tough pouch with usful features . I 'm glad I payed a few bucks more and got this bag .
 I work on electric and water meters for a living . This type of job requires that I keep a great many tools on hand at all times . I get in and out of my truck about 40 + times per day , so , it is not the bag I want to carry to EVERY job , but is convenient for those jobs when I do n't know what I 'm going to need until I get to the meter.The outer flap has a velcro strap that secures underneath the bag to keep it open while you 're working giving easy access to tools , especially when wearing heavy electrical rated gloves and protectors which greatly reduce the dexterity one might need to find a tool down in a bag . Everything is stored in an upright position so all the handles are right there . At other times , the outer flap zips up so that you do n't have to worry about tools or other small parts flying out of the bag if you throw it on the backseat . Besides , if you use the right pocket for the right sized tool this should n't be a problem anyway as the pockets hold everything securely in place.Also , there is a hidden pocket under the cushion side of the bag for personal items or papers . Just lift the 1/4 '' flap to locate the zipper . I like to carry cheat sheets that remind me of the codes my job uses and for meter prefixes which tell me what kind of service I 'm working on , what the voltage is ... etc. . Wallets , money , licenses , etc. can be easily carried in this functional pocket . Since it sits next to your body while wearing it , it is not useful for any tools that will be needed while working . But , if you are using the bag for storage only this pocket is pretty deep and runs the width of the bag.I am a woman , but all the guys on my job liked the bag too . The shoulder strap can be easily detached , but they liked it just fine with the strap as well . We have tool bags -LRB- that the job gave us -RRB- that just have a handle , but sometimes you do n't want to put your tool bag on the ground - some yards are just nasty ... this bag makes it convenient to work by slinging the bag off to the side or back of your body , leaving your arms completely free to do the job . I carry a smaller bag when I just need my barrel lock key , wire cutters , and wiggy ... but , this bag is for all those other jobs that are a little more complicated.It is constructed well for rugged use . I can tell that I will never have to replace this bag ! The purchase price was well worth the money ... would have even paid up to $ 20 more for it . Very good buy if you are looking for convertible storage that can be used on the job daily as well !
 I was looking for a compact pouch for IT/Telecom cabling work and small tools . I 'm used to companies using undersized tools in illustrations to make their bags appear bigger , however what is pictured are full sized tools that basically disappear into this bag ! The number of pockets and customization options inside the bag surprised me - It will hold everything you need and more . There are numerous hidden compartments on the inside with enough adjustability to fit all your tools inside . The quality of the workmanship is first rate . The materials , zippers , fittings , and finish are all top notch . The placement of each feature of the bag appears to be carefully thought out.I 'm not certain what to do at this point - I 'll either have to swap the bag for a smaller one or ... get more tools . Hmm ! This bag is definitely worth the money.My only criticism is that Custom Leathercraft needs to invest more in its pictures and descriptions . This would allow for an easier online purchasing experience . If I had known this bag was about twice the size that it appears in the picture , I probably would have made a different selection . The description however is accurate - this is a professional electrician 's bag . ** Update ** I 've decided to keep it ! No compromises are being made - I put all my tools inside and everything found a home , and there 's still room for more items . It 's basically perfect for me .
 I 've had this bag for a couple of months and use it as the primary tool bag for electrical , plumbing , data , and general maintenance work as an amateur . It took a bit of time figuring out the best way to pack it so just about every tool I need for whatever I 'm doing is easily accessible and the bag still zips up , but once I did I found it to be much more convenient than any other tool bag I 've owned.You can get a surprising number of tools in this bag , and unlike other soft-sided bags I 've used the loops are big enough for cushion-handled screwdrivers , and the outer pockets are snug enough that tools do n't fall out when you lay the bag on its side . The bag is much more comfortable to wear than I expected , and I normally keep it on with the Velcro strap holding the flap open while I 'm working standing up . I find it much more comfortable and convenient than either belt-worn pouches or electrician-style soft boxes.I have n't owned it long enough to evaluate its durability , but the materials are very rugged and the zipper has n't skipped teeth even when I jammed way too many things in it . CLC did n't scrimp on construction ; metal rivets and hooks are used where a lot of manufacturers would have been happy with plastic that might last three months . The stitching is top-notch , as well , and the bag feels like it was built to the level of quality I associate with high-end messenger bag manufacturers.I have three issues with the bag
 I 'm the kind of guy that will keep packing more tools in a bag as long as I have room . This bag has just enough room for everything that I need and nothing that I do n't . Ensuring that I get to the job with everything I need without a sore back . Highly recommend for refrigeration techs .
 I love this product , I use it all the time.Many slots for tools and more tools.I also like the zipper pouches for important pieces .
 OK , so for less than $ 30 , this bag is a steal . Unfortunately , this bag still does n't provide all the functionality that a field service engineer would expect . I would pay $ 100 for a bag that does what I need it to do
 I 'm a Controls Technician in the Automated Distribution Center Industry and was looking for a new carrying system when I cam across this Bag . It 's proven to be a very efficient tool bag . It has ample pockets and dividers to keep tools upright and organised , very well constructed , and looks like it should last a very long time . The zippered cover was the deal closer for me , It 's fantastic . Covering the tools up really helps out when you are moving from location to location , the tools never fall out ! One issue for me , I did n't need the hammer hoop , and found it to be in the way , so I drilled the rivets out . It did n't appear to harm the bag in doing this . I would have preferred to have a pocket , -LRB- not just a hook -RRB- to put a tape measure where the hammer hoop was.All in all , it 's great .
 zippers are cheep rubber parts fall off quickmaterial is strong except for the back pocket you should use for paper work not large wrenchesshoulder strap clasps are weeki give this product 4 because it has lots of pockets and i have n't lost as many tools
 I had one of those before and it lasted for about 5 years , was looking for another one to buy but was n't finding it , finally got it , very happy .
 I work in the solar industry and have used , tried and given up on several iterations of pouches over time . I found this while searching around the the price was right . It 's able to fit just about all common hand tools and wrenches needed for a given job and is a very well made product . I was a little skeptical of the density and thickness of the material before ordering , but it 's a very beefy pouch . I 'm really happy with the quality of the pouch and found a few small value added features when I started using it . The zipper flap is one of the big selling points for me . The rubberized handle is a great feature and the ability to add it to a toolbelt makes it very worthwhile.My only recommendation/complaint is that it had an external metal measuring tape holder . I realize this is aimed at electricians primarily , but I think there are lots of people who would find this pouch valuable.I highly recommend if you carry lots of small hand tools at a given time and need a sturdy , well made pouch to help keep them organized , which can be easily removed and carried around without needing an entire tool belt .
 I just started working at a cable company and a coworker suggested this bag , and he was right ! THis bag takes up half the space of the tool belt that was supplied to me through my company , but works a million times better!The only draw back is that it does n't have any loose pockets to put fittings and things that i need on me . I will be adding a butt bag to this somehow in the near future .
 Have used this belt every workday for over four years . It 's still in good shape.Glad to know they still produce it . It 's my only choice for an electricians tool belt .
 I have had kitchen drawers sitting on the counter for a couple months now . The first brackets we bought a year ago just did n't last - already broken . I did a lot of research and found these rear mounting brackets and ordered them . I was so surprised when they arrived - they were really heavily made . I do n't know for sure , but I expect them to last for years and I am really pleased with them !
 Bracket well made , much better than the one I replaced it with . Only complaint-could have better specs . Ca n't tell exactly what you are buying .
 This end socket is a blessing if you have face or slit frame cabinet like I do.The ad pix says it all .
 This knob is the cutest thing . I 'm using it for a little girl 's room . -LRB- She loves pink . -RRB- I bought a number of them from a large home improvement store to replace the knobs on a dresser and wanted a few more for replacement of other knobs . So I ordered . Unfortunately I thought I had ordered 6 and really ordered 1 ! But I do love the knobs . They are easy to install and use .
 I bought this belt in hopes of using it with my tool pouches on the job site where I work . This belt could not only hold up the world , but the lining makes for a comfortable fit .
 Not gods gift to hard hats but easily adjustable and perfect for bump protection.Well worth the price . You ca n't go wrong with this .
 What can I say ? It 's a blue plastic cap . Does what it is supposed to and is a good value.Highlight the different colors and see that they all have different prices . None are too expensive.I purchased two so that I could walk under a vehicle lift in my garage with a customer and not bang my head.Just light duty but does the job well .
 just perfect i wanted a different color everyone has yellow and pink stands out way to much for a female doing a job .
 I bought these to replace lights that sit on brick parapets at my driveway entrance . They are very sturdy and much less expensive than the many alternatives on the market . They are inexpensive and simple to install . The glass is crystal clear . I highly recommend .
 We replaced all 6 of our brass-n-glass 80 's style with these and they fit perfectly and came well packed and no missing/damaged parts . The metal is not super thick but not flimsy either . They through the light well and very little obstruction to our 60 watt bulbs.Very easy 2-nut top removal for bulb replacement . Would recommend to friends/family .
 Note that this is a CAST strainer designed for commercial use . It was too thick for my home shower . This is what I meant to order
 I have plenty of free kindling that falls from my trees , but transporting it to the fireplace is awkward . Here 's why this carrier works for that . Most log carriers have closed in ends . That 's great for logs if most are the same length , but does n't work for sticks that can be short or long and have forks and spindly ends trailing and sticking this way and that . Although I break up the sticks somewhat before bringing them in , sometimes final sizing -LRB- and breaking -RRB- takes place right at the fireplace . The open ends on this carrier are essential for my use.Although it 's only 15 '' wide and will carry several smallish logs , that width is ideal for kindling , some pieces of which are just that length or shorter , but sometimes their wild ends can be a lot longer . The carrier is quite deep however , again accommodating several logs , but lots of kindling . Sometimes I use smaller sticks for my kindling and compress a load of them in my JawHorse vice to create log-like bundles , which I wrap with twine . Bundled this way , even the small sticks provide good kindling , but they need a fair amount of space when transported because the sticks are seldom straight . Two or three of my generous bundles fit in this carrier fine even though there 's plenty of air between the bent sticks . If I 'm carrying a smaller load , I can fold the sturdy canvas over and carry it under my arm.Since my loads are not heavy , these rolled leather handles work nicely and are comfortable , but might not be as comfortable -LRB- or durable -RRB- if you 're carrying heavy logs.I do n't know that I 'd try to use this sort of carrier to carry large logs , but it would be fine for a small fireplace or fire pit and it 's working really well for me to carry kindling .
 Completely delighted . It 's very good workmanship and materials , it looks good and it 's inexpensive . It folds up small and I imagine it washes OK too.Custom LeatherCraft C390 Canvas Log Carrier
 This is a tough tote , can bring in logs or kindling , very heavy duty . No need for any other bag though I purchased one that looked heavy duty and ripped the first week . Being open ended is also a plus with differnt sized logs and kindling . Also , can bring up larger kindling from field to be broken down later , due to open ends . Easy on the hands , too .
 When I received this product , I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of materials . While the color was nice , it did n't stay clean very long , but does it matter ? The carrier prevents the mess of stray bark and wood chips flying everywhere . It is strong and large enough to carry several pieces of firewood . It is a good investment and I appreciate the simple convience of use and storage .
 I was pleasantly surprised by these , both in the durability/quality of construction , and in how well they work.I bought two of them , so I could carry a load in each hand , effectively doubling what I used to just carry on my arm . Plus , you get less dirty . : -RRB- Love the leather handles , and the canvas is quite strong/thick . Only thing I 'm pondering is a way to temporarily keep the handles together , so I can set it down to open the door without it flopping open .
 Was sick of buying a new carrier every year at the local hardware store because they always tear . This Canvas carrier is awesome - does the job and comfortably with the nice leather handles . A must for those living in the country and heating with a wood stove or fireplace .
 My Dad 's old carrier finally broke , so I bought him this one . It is well made and strong . I needed something well made for him , I did n't want something that would fall apart and he could trip on . This is a good product , he puts only about 3 pieces of wood in it as that 's all he can carry , but you could carry more in it . I would recommend this product . We received it very quickly also .
 Nice looking , very sturdy and well made , easy to use , easy to roll up and store . I needed something to tote firewood ... It handles pretty much all I want to carry in one load and it does it very well !
 Cheaper than the ones I was looking at in town . Nice constucton . Looks like it will stand the test of time .
 Good size and construction makes carrying logs in from wood pile much easier . Children are even apt to use when asked .
 My husband and I had a very hard tme finding a quality log carrier with an &#34; open &#34; design which was affordable . This met all of our needs !
 I 'm not sure what 's with some of the reviews that describe this as a cheaply made product . It 's decent quality real canvas with stitched and riveted leather handles . It 's nothing extravagant , but it 's a solidly made product at a good price . I can carry 6 average sized firewood logs no problems , and could probably carry 8 or more if I wanted to . It 's a log carrier , it looks decent and it carries logs . What else is there to know ?
 We love this little convenient log carrier . Easy to store , very durable material . It makes bringing firewood in from outside very easy .
 I do like this carrier , but it is small . I had hoped it would be about 6-8 '' longer than what it is . But this sure beats carrying it all in my arms . I think this is a fair piece for the price , but I would have paid a few buck more for a longer piece of canvas !
 This canvas log carrier does the job . I have used it to carry upwards to eight logs at a time . It holds them securely & feels very comfortable in the hand . It seems to be very durable . I gave it four -LRB- 4 -RRB- stars and not five -LRB- 5 -RRB- because of the color . Since the color is white it gets pretty dirty from carrying the logs . I wish they made this product in a darker color . But despite the color , I highly recommend this log carrier .
 I am over 70 years old and I wanted a strong but lightweight log carrier . This was perfect . I wish I had ordered 2 so I could interchange them with the chopped log pile and stacked log pile . Leather handle and fasteners are strong . One review said that the carrier was too short , but I find it satisfactory , the logs do stick out a bit but so what !
 These log carriers were exactly how described . They are a sturdy product and do hold a good amount of logs . We have used both of them and have been very happy with the results .
 This log carrier is sturdy and holds an armful of wood . The seller is good too .
 Very well made and sturdy . Very useful for transporting wood from the outside to inside . Durable canvas . My husband just love it and uses it everyday !
 This log carrier is helpful in the way that it takes your armload of wood out in front of you and lowers it below your center of gravity which is easier on your back and helps with your balance especially if conditions are slippery . The only downside is that when left on the floor , my cats like to pee on it : /
 Stop looking ! This is it ! This is by far the most durable Canvas Log Carrier I have ever used .
 The product is fine and it got here promptly . But I was surprised and disappointed to see the made in China label . Aside from that , it has held up very well . We have used it daily several months of the year , for almost 4 years now . Great value for the money .
 I chose this product for the quality of canvas and the robust handles . I was NOT disappointed ! The carrier arrived earlier than expected and so far has held up to many , many trips of firewood fetching without even a hint of damage or ` wear and tear . ' The canvas is thick and reminds me of old-fashion canvas camping tents and Army surplus gear . The handles are firm , made of leather , and are attached to the canvas with sturdy rivets . Absolutely nothing on this log carrier feels cheap or of poor quality . The only thing that would make this product even better is if it came with a base or frame of some sort ; however , even without it , it 's a fantastic purchase . I would recommend this product to others .
 Our only heat source is our fireplace so I carry quite a bit of wood over the cold months . Just bought this a month ago to replace my old one and it is working well . I prefer to make as few trips as possible up our front steps and this carrier is large enough to handle about as much wood as I can comfortably carry . Good product at a good price .
 Seems to be very well built . It is the perfect size for hauling a 8 hour supply of wood for my wood burning insert . I haul 20 '' logs up the steps with little effort . I am very happy with my purchase . Lets see how many years it lasts ...
 Was pleasantly surprised at the quality considering I almost bought one for $ 60.00 . Great for lugging wood from the outdoors to the fireplace.Delivery was even one day early .
 But I decided to open the package anyway . It looked way smaller in the package than it actually was . I did n't realize it was folded in such a way to reduce the apparent size . Once I opened it , I was quite relieved , it holds a LOT of wood !! Hopefully it will last a while .
 This log carrier works perfectly . Sturdy canvas and rivited suede leather handles that are holding up well . Sized right for hauling an evenings worth of firewood into the house , and fits right into our log bin without having to handle the logs a second time .
 I 've used this several times to carry hardwood logs that equal appx . 40 ~ 60 # -LRB- pounds -RRB- per load . No problems yet , and I 've hauled about 25 loads across a 75 foot expanse from the log pile to the bottom of the stairs . Then hauled the load up the 15 stairs to my upstairs LR and FP . Totally happy with this , as long as it does n't just ` blow apart ' after a few uses . I see NO REASON to think there could exist a future problem ! Stitching looks solid and it carries theloads I 've subjected it to flawlessly . I am getting another so I can haul 2 up the steps at onetime . As long as it 's THE SAME ONE I got , Buy It
 I use this to carry hay from the barn out to the feeder for my horse ... it works great on a windy day at feeding time .
 I have wanted a log carrier like this for a long time to use to store my hammock and works perfectly . I have a traditional hammock with wooden spreaders . I like to store my hammock when it is not being used , I hate leaving it up all the time because inevitably when I go to lay in it , it 's a little damp . Using a log carrier to store the hammock up off the ground is a perfect solution . Just put a screw in the wall of my shed and now the hammock is high and dry . As far as the log carrier , I will say that when it arrives it looks small , but that is because of the packaging . When I opened the package ... it looked much bigger than I pictured ; though it is the perfect size for my needs . The handles do not feel all that sturdy , but the canvas body sure does . If you are going to use this for traditional uses , keep in mind that the handles may not be able to carry a full load . Other than that , it 's a great purchase for the price .
 This item is perfect for carrying wood . It is of stout canvas , and the handles are easy on the hands and well attached . It is a good deal and a good tool .
 Has n't broken after quite a few heavy loads . Seems to be holding up fine . No problems with the quality from my standpoint
 works as expected and of nice quality well worth price others were more expensive but funtionality of this is good
 My husband says it 's excellent ! Well made , nice strong handles and very durable . It most definitely beats using a tie down strap to haul wood ! Wo n't be without one !
 This carrier is quite durable , with a reasonably high capacity . I believe it to be well worth the asking price . I was originally worried that the connection of the leather handle to the rest of the wrap may be easily broken . I learned later that each handle is held on by 6 metal bits which seem very well faceted . There is really nothing I can think to complain about in this simple and useful product .
 This is exactly what I was looking for to carry firewood for a patio fireplace . The leather handles are well attached to sturdy canvas , and it is sized to carry a generous load of wood .
 I have been using this log carrier for several weeks now and am very happy with the quality . The canvas is very sturdy and the leather handles are securely fastened to the canvas . Carrying wood from the woodpile to the house has been made so much easier and more comfortable when using this log carrier .
 Works well and holds a lot of our wood . Handle is convenient to carry logs . Material is strong enough . I like it .
 good quality holds all the wood you can carry with one arm , I do not have eight more words to say about this product
 This is a great tote for firewood . Was a little concerned about its size when I opened the box but it was folded and opened up to a nice size . I have moved 8 large pieces of wood with little effort !
 high quality canvas , well stitched and riveted leather straps . Simple and effective . I would recommend this for anyone who wants to carry more than an armload of wood .
 Custom LeatherCraft C390 Canvas Log Carrier is excellent very pleased with quality and is just the right size and hold the proper amount of wood . Thanks
 We use a wood stove -LRB- Lopi Leyden -RRB- all winter as our only heat . We use a lot of wood , and this carrier is really great . We can haul a nights worth of wood in one load , and the carrier is well made , durable , and a must for people with wood stove or a fire place that you use regularly .
 I was a bit skeptical upon ordering this log carrier , as it was `` cheap '' in price ... so I thought ` you get what you pay for . ' BUT I took the plunge and this thing is a well made , sturdy piece of canvas that has certainly given me my money 's worth . In reviews I read prior to buying , some people said it was too small . I think it 's just right for carrying an armload of wood , which is really all you need at one time anyway . I love it and am very happy with my purchase !
 This log carrier is perfect for us , we are now able to carry plenty of logs for a fire without getting all dirty and tracking dirt and wood through the house . For the price , this has been great and we will get a lot of use out of it .
 The obvious statement first
 The log carrier is just what I ordered . My son is delighted with it , once he realized it was n't a purse .
 This is a great log carrier , and the price is really good . At first , it looks too small to carry any logs but it carries lots of logs as long as you can lift them .
 This is an item I should have purchased years ago ! This particular product is very good quality heavy duty canvas with suede leather handles . The handles are riveted to the canvas body which is trimmed with heavy stitching . I was a little concerned about the size based on some of the reviews , but I found the size to be perfect . I have a standard size fireplace , so I do not have oversized firewood . This carrier is just right ! This item is manufactured in China -LRB- like everything else -RRB- ... too bad we do n't make a product of this quality at this price here in the USA !
 This is my second purchase of this item , both are very well made , and work just right for carrying my wood in from outside . Highly recommended .
 High quality and very durable fabric . It is exactly what I was looking for and I would highly recommend it .
 I love the price and the look . The quality appears to be good but we only used it for a few times so far .
 This is a quality product . It is just the right size to bring in enough wood without ` overloading ' yourself . It is wide enough . The leather handles are comfortable and long enough to carry the load easily . It also lays out well on the floor to hold all the chips without getting them on your flooring . Stitching is good . Quality of canvas is good .
 The carrier is sturdy canvas and the handles are securely attached . Well made product and just what I was looking for ; larger than I expected and really perfect for what i needed .
 Holds just the right amount of wood . Makes carrying wood easy and convenient . Exactly what i ordered . This is one happy customer .
 Item was rec 'd quickly and is just as promised . Works well and can handle a load that is perfect for what one person can carry . Happy with the product and seller and would recommend !
 I was worried that this would be too small , but when filled to the gills , it is about as much weight as I can comfortably carry from the wood shed to the stove with one hand , maybe around 25-30 lbs.I lay it out across the wood pile and load it like a jigsaw puzzle till I have a round bundle where the handles barely close . Then spill it in the woodbox from one end unrolling the pile . Works like a charm and while takes me several trips , its easier than using the wheelbarrow.Great ideal , and so cheaply simple .
 This log carrier was n't as big as I wanted , but after using this tote , I can say it works great . any bigger and I could n't carry it . Built heavy enough to probably last for years . House stays cleaner as well . I would recommend this carrier .
 We had a carrier from LLBean , and had search for another and finally found the next best thing !!! This carrier is only 1 '' smaller all the way around -LRB- we had repaired our old LLBean carrier so still had it to compare -RRB- , and made just as well . The straps are actually sewn more securely on our new one !! We ordered 2 for fear we would never find this carrier again !! Very very satisfied !!!!
 My dad is always carrying the wood into the house in his arms and getting wood chips all over the place . This is a great carrier for the wood/logs , and is made very well ! It seems like it will last for a long time and has great construction !
 I looked everywhere for a carrier that would be sturdy yet not heavy and clumsy . This fit the bill and the recipient loved it . Just the right size .
 The LeatherCraft C390 is a quality log carrier with good stitching and sturdy handles . Like some other reviewers have noted , the width of the carrier is a little small -LRB- logs may hang off sides -RRB- but the length of the canvas is good . The size for me is generally just right and I can get 5-8 logs into the carrier depending on log size -LRB- 5 large or 8 average pieces -RRB- . I did not have a problem with logs tipping or falling out . Once you have it full and pick it up , the canvas wraps tightly around the load . Thus far , the carrier has lasted one season and I would imagine that it will be around for awhile longer . The canvas has not torn at all and is holding up well . Recommended .
 Bought this to tote firewood and am quite happy with the purchase . Sturdy canvas with leather handles riveted to it . It 's well constructed and a good size to carry enough split wood for 1-2 fires -LRB- 8 pieces of wood , give or take . -RRB- Easy to shake out when you 're done . Well made and it does what it is supposed to . Ca n't ask for more .
 This item is sturdy , and does what it 's supposed to do ; it helps you lug wood . Being canvas , it probably picks up more dirt than the leather version , but you ca n't beat it for the price !
 I am a middle aged small female . I can physically carry about six split pieces of wood at a time , which fits nicely in the carrier so the handles meet . I attached photos if you want to see the size of the carrier next to my log rack . It may not be adequate for a larger or stronger person . My husband fills the carrier nearly twice the amount , and holds it wide open . I 'm very happy with how well it has held up to a month of lugging up to three loads a day . The handles are solidly attached to the canvas.I am also a seamstress and I priced out how much it would cost for me to make this carrier . The suede leather handles themselves would have cost three bucks more than the price of this whole carrier . Not to mention the rivet kit I would have to buy . So this carrier is real bargain , in my book ! Five stars !
 Almost too handsome to be used for logs ... wonderfully constructed!Fast delivery , also .
 Purchased this for my husband , after he purchased a wood `` parlor stove '' . We live on the second floor , so he needed something to bring wood upstairs that was easy to handle . He loves it ! A great product at a fantastic price .
 Sturdy , durable and a great value ! Looked at a bunch of log carriers , some as much as $ 125 ! This one is great !
 I was looking for a split wood carrier to use with our enclosed fireplace unit . This is a well made canvas carrier and has been serving its purpose quite well .
 Not using this myself , but it was a perfect gift for the owner of a vacation home in the mountains and was much appreciated !
 Does the trick bringing wood inside . Just enough room for a load that I can carry . It fits in my wood holder by the fireplace . Nice heavy canvas .
 I bought this one because of the leather straps , I had one that had the nylon stapes and they frayed and broke . This one looks really sturdy . I hope it last !
 This canvas carrier is wonderful strong and durable . Makes carring wood so much easier . Handles are leather and comfortable . Great product .
 Just saw similar item for literall 3 x the money . This is perfect size . Seems well made . Color me happy
 It 's thick , sturdy , stitched well and very easy to use . I highly recommend . Makes carrying a huge load possible . A +
 Very well made at a fair price . Finally a log carrier that is both useful and well made . I can carry a full stove full of wood with this carrier and it does not rip or distort it 's shape . It is constructed with first rate materials , and is large enough to carry enough wood to fill our Vermont Stove Works Defiant stove in two trips , and that stove holds a lot of wood . It also looks good enough that I can hang it on my log/tool holder near the stove and the wife will not tell me to go put that thing up somewhere , the leather is nicely tanned , the stitching is first rate , and the canvas is good quality too . This carrier looks nice , and works great , is solid and has comfortable grips . A good value for the this price .
 Having read the other reviews , I was ready for the size and do n't mind it at all . The width is adequate , I do n't care if wood sticks out a little on each end . It would be nice if it were longer so I could hold more logs . If you do n't want a heavy load to carry then you would n't want more anyway . I 'm satisfied with this item , it does the job well and did n't cost very much .
 I had seen these items for years but thought a frivolous purchase but OH how I could have saved my back and my lovely light colored carpet from the mess of bringing in logs from the outside ... a wonderful product ... heavy duty , strong and the leather strap handles are not only very sturdy and functional but lovely to look at ... I highly recommend this item
 This is a really tough carrier . Well made . It allows me to bring quite a few logs in at a time . Most of the mess stays in the carrier . I just empty it outside . I wish it were just a little wider to be able to fit longer logs .
 Does the job quite nicely . Should last fairly long as it seems like it 's of durable construction .
 I was tired of the mess and scratches on my arms from carrying wood and hoped something would make a differance.This product is super and should last -- very pleased with the product and the support
 I had been looking for another log carrier for 2 years since the movers lost the one I had that fit on my log stand . It works great for carring wood in from the stack .
 I purchased the canvas log carrier to transport firewood from the outside in to my home.I found the product to be study , made of durable canvas . I also found that the handle has rivets that attach it to the carrier , which I think adds to it sturdiness.It hold 7 - 8 good size logs easily.Good price for a good product .
 This carrier was on sale and a nice little carrier for the money . It wo n't hold a lot of wood , but it is made well and even looks nice .
 Log carrier is exactly as described . Strong and well constructed . Strongly recommend it .
 I have a 22gpm hydraulic pump and a 4 '' diameter 30 '' stroke cylinder on my log splitter . I timed it with a stopwatch and this valve allows me to have a 10 second cycle time -LRB- out and in , under 10 seconds combined ! -RRB- . I suggest using a 3/4 hydraulic hose necked down to the 1/2NPT working ports . Nice valve !
 Lowest price I could fine anywhere and just the valve I had to have . Same valve I had priced other places
 Very easy to lift the rubber ring and detach the male coupling on the hose . No leaking . Well made . Great product .
 This is the kind of product that makes me wonder why I had never used it before . It makes connecting to a hose so simple and quick . Very convenient . Male and female connection .
